
                                                                      Exhibit 99

      The Middleton Doll Company Will Not Pay Year-End Dividend

    PEWAUKEE, Wis.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 21, 2004--The Middleton Doll
Company (OTCBB:DOLL) today announced that it will not pay an
additional cash dividend on its common stock for 2004. During the
first six months of 2004, dividends totaling $0.20 per share were paid
to common shareholders. Because the taxable income for the company's
financial services subsidiary for the year ended December 31, 2004 is
not expected to exceed $0.20 per common share, no dividend will be
paid to the common shareholders on January 31, 2005.
    On June 3, 2004, the company announced a change in the common
stock dividend policy from a quarterly dividend to an annual dividend
payable in January for the preceding year.

    The Middleton Doll Company operates in two segments, consumer
products and financial services. The company's consumer products
segment is comprised of Lee Middleton Original Dolls, Inc., a designer
and marketer of lifelike collectible and play dolls, and License
Products, Inc., a designer and marketer of clocks and home decor
products that are sold to major national retailers. The company's
financial services subsidiary is a real estate investment trust
(REIT).

    This press release contains forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with
respect to the financial condition, results of operations, plans,
objectives, future performance and business of the Company.
Forward-looking statements, which may be based upon beliefs,
expectations and assumptions of the Company's management and on
information currently available to management, are generally
identifiable by the use of words such as "believe," "expect,"
"anticipate," "plan," "intend," "estimate," "may," "will," "would,"
"could," "should," or other similar expressions. Additionally, all
statements in this document, including forward-looking statements,
speak only as of the date they are made, and the Company undertakes no
obligation to update any statement in light of new information or
future events. A number of factors, many of which are beyond the
ability of the Company to control or predict, could cause actual
results to differ materially from those in its forward-looking
statements. Significant risks and uncertainties include (i) the
continuing effect of adverse economic conditions and (ii) the effect
of increasing competition in the collectible doll market. Additional
information concerning the Company and its business, including factors
that could materially affect the Company's financial results, is
included in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

    The Middleton Doll Company news releases are available online 24
hours a day at: http://www.middletondollcompany.com

    CONTACT: The Middleton Doll Company
             George R. Schonath, 262-523-4300

