
                                                                   Exhibit 5.1
                                                                   -----------

                        SIDLEY AUSTIN BROWN & WOOD LLP

 BEIJING                     787 SEVENTH AVENUE                   LOS ANGELES
  ----                    NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10019                    ----
BRUSSELS                  TELEPHONE 212 839 5300                    NEW YORK
  ----                     FACSIMILE 212 839 5599                     ----
 CHICAGO                       www.sidley.com                    SAN FRANCISCO
  ----                                                                ----
 DALLAS                        FOUNDED 1866                         SHANGHAI
  ----                                                                ----
 GENEVA                                                            SINGAPORE
  ----                                                                ----
HONG KONG                                                             TOKYO
  ----                                                                ----
 LONDON                                                         WASHINGTON, D.C.



                                       December 30, 2004

Countrywide Securities Corporation     The Bank of New York
4500 Park Granada                      101 Barclay Street
Calabasas, California  91302           New York, New York  10286

Banc of America Securities LLC         The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A.
214 North Tryon Street                 700 South Flower Street, Suite 200
Charlotte, North Carolina 28255        Los Angeles, CA  90017-4104

J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.            Fannie Mae
270 Park Avenue                        4000 Wisconsin Avenue
New York, New York 10017               Washington, D.C. 20016

          Re:  CWABS, Inc.
               Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2004-13
               -----------------------------------------

Ladies and Gentlemen:

          We have acted as special counsel for CWABS, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), in connection with the issuance of the
Asset-Backed Certificates of the above-referenced Series (the "Certificates").
The Class AF-1, Class AF-2, Class AF-3, Class AF-4, Class AF-5, Class AF-6,
Class MF-1, Class MF-2, Class MF-3, Class MF-4, Class MF-5, Class MF-6, Class
MF-7, Class MF-8, Class BF, Class AV-1, Class AV-2, Class AV-3, Class AV-4,
Class AV-5, Class MV-1, Class MV-2, Class MV-3, Class MV-4, Class MV-5, Class
MV-6, Class MV-7, Class MV-8, Class BV and Class A-R Certificates are referred
to herein as the "Public Certificates."

          The Certificates represent the entire beneficial ownership interest
in a trust fund (the "Trust Fund") created under a Pooling and Servicing
Agreement dated as of December 1, 2004 (the "PSA") by and among the Company,
as depositor, Countrywide Home Loans, Inc. ("CHL"), as a seller, Park Monaco
Inc., as a seller, Countrywide Home Loans Servicing LP, as master servicer,
The Bank of New York, as trustee, and The Bank of New York Trust Company,
N.A., as co-trustee. The assets of the Trust Fund consist primarily of a pool
of conventional,


<PAGE>


credit-blemished mortgage loans secured by first liens on one- to four-family
residential properties. Capitalized terms not defined herein have the meanings
ascribed to them in the PSA.

          In arriving at the opinions expressed below, we have examined such
documents and records as we have deemed appropriate, including the following:

          (i) Signed copy of the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No.
     333-118926) filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange
     Commission (the "SEC") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
     "1933 Act"), on September 10, 2004, and declared effective by the SEC on
     October 18, 2004.

          (ii) The Prospectus dated October 25, 2004, as supplemented by the
     Prospectus Supplement relating to the Public Certificates, dated December
     13, 2004, in the form to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)
     under the 1933 Act.

          (iii) Signed copy of the PSA.

          (iv) The underwriting agreement dated December 13, 2004 between the
     Company and the several underwriters named therein.

          (v) Specimen Certificate of each Class of Certificates (together
     with all other documents listed in (i) through (iv) above, the
     "Documents").

     In rendering the opinions set forth below, we have assumed, without
independent investigation, that the Documents are complete and authentic and
have been duly authorized, executed and delivered. Our opinions are also based
on the assumption that all parties to the PSA will comply with its terms,
including the tax reporting requirements and that all representations made in
the PSA by any party thereto are true.

     Our opinions are based on the assumption that issuing the Certificates
and the other transactions contemplated by the Documents are not part of
another transaction or series of transactions requiring the Trust Fund, any
investor or other participant to treat the transaction or transactions as
subject to the disclosure, registration, or list maintenance requirements of
Section 6011, 6111 or 6112 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the "Code").

          Based upon the foregoing, we are of the opinion that: (i) each REMIC
described in the PSA will qualify as a REMIC under Section 860D of the Code,
(ii) the Regular Certificates will be treated as regular interests in the
Master REMIC, (iii) the Class A-R Certificate will represent ownership of the
sole class of residual interest in each REMIC described in the PSA, and (iv)
the rights of the Public Certificates (except the Class A-R Certificates) to
receive payments from the Carryover Reserve Fund will represent separate
contractual rights coupled with REMIC regular interests within the meaning of
Treasury regulation ss.1.860G-2(i).

          Our opinions are based upon the current provisions of the Code and
Treasury regulations issued or proposed thereunder, Revenue Rulings, Revenue
Procedures and other releases of the Internal Revenue Service and current case
law, all of which can change at any time. Any such change could apply
retroactively and modify the legal conclusions on which our


<PAGE>


opinions are based. Our opinions are limited as described above, and we do not
express an opinion on any other tax aspect of the transactions contemplated by
the Pooling and Servicing Agreement or the effect of such transactions on
Countrywide Financial Corporation, any member of its federal consolidated
group or any of its wholly owned affiliates.

          In rendering the foregoing opinions, we express no opinion on the
laws of any jurisdiction other than the federal income tax laws of the United
States. This opinion is rendered as of the date hereof and we undertake no
obligation to update this opinion or advise you of any changes in the event
there is any change in legal authorities, facts, assumptions or documents on
which this opinion is based (including the taking of any action by any party
to the Documents pursuant to any opinion of counsel or a waiver), or any
inaccuracy in any of the representations, warranties or assumptions upon which
we have relied in rendering this opinion unless we are specifically engaged to
do so. This opinion is rendered only to those to whom it is addressed and may
not be relied on in connection with any transactions other than the
transactions contemplated herein. This opinion may not be relied upon for any
other purpose, or relied upon by any other person (including, without
limitation, any person who acquires the Certificates from the persons to whom
this opinion is addressed), firm or corporation for any purpose, without our
prior written consent.


                                      Very truly yours,


                                      /s/ Sidley Austin Brown & Wood LLP

