
                                   EXHIBIT 8.1


<PAGE>

                   [LETTERHEAD OF THACHER PROFFITT & WOOD LLP]







                                       November 24, 2004


Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc.              Wilmington Trust Company
1401 Dove Street                           Rodney Square North
Newport Beach, California 92660            1100 North Market Street
                                           Wilmington, Delaware  19890-0001
Impac Funding Corporation
1401 Dove Street                           Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner
Newport Beach, California 92660            & Smith Incorporated
                                           4 World Financial Center, 10th Floor
IMH Assets Corp.                           New York, New York 10080
1401 Dove Street
Newport Beach, California 92660            Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.
                                           383 Madison Avenue
Countrywide Securities Corporation         New York, New York 10179
4500 Park Granada
Calabasas, California  91302               Financial Guaranty Insurance Company
                                           125 Park Avenue
Deutsche Bank National Trust Company       New York, NY 10017
1761 East St. Andrew Place
Santa Ana, California 92705-4934

                  Opinion: Underwriting Agreement (Tax)
                  IMH Assets Corp.
                  Collateralized Asset-Backed Bonds, Series 2004-10
                  -------------------------------------------------

Ladies and Gentlemen:

         We have acted as counsel to Impac Funding Corporation ("Impac
Funding"), Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. (the "Seller"), IMH Assets Corp. (the
"Depositor") and Impac CMB Trust Series 2004-10 (the "Issuer") in connection
with (i) the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 24, 2004
(the "Seller Sale Agreement"), between the Seller and the Depositor (ii) the
Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of November 24, 2004 (the "Trust
Agreement" or the "Depositor Sale Agreement"), among the Depositor, Wilmington
Trust Company as owner trustee of the Issuer and Deutsche Bank National Trust
Company (the "Indenture Trustee") pursuant to which the trust certificates (the
"Trust Certificates") were issued, (iii) the Servicing Agreement, dated as of
November 24, 2004 (the "Servicing Agreement"), among Impac Funding (the "Master
Servicer"), the Issuer and Indenture Trustee, (iv) the Indenture, dated as of
November 24, 2004 (the "Indenture"), between the Issuer and the Indenture
Trustee relating to the Collateralized Asset-Backed Bonds, Series


<PAGE>

IMH Assets Corp., Series 2004-10                                         Page 2.
November 24, 2004

2004-10 (the "Bonds") issued pursuant thereto, (v) the Underwriting Agreement,
dated as of November 23, 2004 (the "Underwriting Agreement"), among Impac
Funding, the Depositor, the Seller, Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. ("Bear Stearns"),
Countrywide Securities Corporation ("Countrywide") and Merrill Lynch, Pierce,
Fenner & Smith Incorporated (together with Bear Stearns and Countrywide, the
"Underwriters"), (vi) the Prospectus Supplement, dated November 23, 2004 (the
"Prospectus Supplement"), and the Prospectus to which it relates, dated
September 28, 2004 (the "Base Prospectus"; together with the Prospectus
Supplement, the "Prospectus"), and (vii) the Insurance and Indemnity Agreement,
dated as of November 24, 2004 (the "Insurance and Indemnity Agreement"), among
Financial Guaranty Insurance Corporation as insurer, the Seller, the Depositor,
Impac Funding, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee. The Seller Sale Agreement,
the Trust Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Indenture, the Underwriting
Agreement and the Insurance and Indemnity Agreement are collectively referred to
herein as the "Agreements". Capitalized terms not defined herein have the
meanings assigned to them in the Agreements.

         In rendering this opinion letter, as to relevant factual matters we
have examined the documents described above and such other documents as we have
deemed necessary including, where we have deemed appropriate, representations or
certifications of officers of parties thereto or public officials. In rendering
this opinion letter, except for the matters that are specifically addressed in
the opinions expressed below, with your permission we have assumed, and are
relying thereon without independent investigation, (i) the authenticity of all
documents submitted to us as originals or as copies thereof, and the conformity
to the originals of all documents submitted to us as copies, (ii) the necessary
entity formation and continuing existence in the jurisdiction of formation, and
the necessary licensing and qualification in all jurisdictions, of all parties
to all documents, (iii) the necessary authorization, execution, delivery and
enforceability of all documents, and the necessary entity power with respect
thereto, and (iv) that there is not any other agreement that modifies or
supplements the agreements expressed in any document to which this opinion
letter relates and that renders any of the opinions expressed below inconsistent
with such document as so modified or supplemented. In rendering this opinion
letter, except for the matters that are specifically addressed in the opinions
expressed below, we have made no inquiry, have conducted no investigation and
assume no responsibility with respect to (a) the accuracy of and compliance by
the parties thereto with the representations, warranties and covenants as to
factual matters contained in any document or (b) the conformity of the
underlying assets and related documents to the requirements of any agreement to
which this opinion letter relates.

         This opinion letter is based upon our review of the documents referred
to herein. We have conducted no independent investigation with respect to the
facts contained in such documents and relied upon in rendering this opinion
letter. We also note that we do not represent any of the parties to the
transactions to which this opinion letter relates or any of their affiliates in
connection with matters other than certain transactions. However, the attorneys
in this firm who are directly involved in the representation of parties to the
transactions to which this opinion letter relates, after such consultation with
such other attorneys in this firm as they deemed appropriate, have no actual
present knowledge of the inaccuracy of any fact relied upon in rendering this
opinion letter.

<PAGE>

IMH Assets Corp., Series 2004-10                                         Page 3.
November 24, 2004


         In rendering this opinion letter, we do not express any opinion
concerning any law other than the federal income tax laws of the United States,
including without limitation the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
"Code"). We do not express any opinion herein with respect to any matter not
specifically addressed in the opinions expressed below, including without
limitation (i) any statute, regulation or provision of law of any county,
municipality or other political subdivision or any agency or instrumentality
thereof or (ii) the securities or tax laws of any jurisdiction.

         The tax opinions set forth below are based upon the existing provisions
of applicable law and regulations issued or proposed thereunder, published
rulings and releases of applicable agencies or other governmental bodies and
existing case law, any of which or the effect of any of which could change at
any time. Any such changes may be retroactive in application and could modify
the legal conclusions upon which such opinions are based. The opinions expressed
herein are limited as described below, and we do not express any opinion on any
other legal or income tax aspect of the transactions contemplated by the
documents relating to the transaction.

         Based upon and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion that:

         1.       The statements made in the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus
                  Supplement under the heading "Federal Income Tax
                  Consequences", to the extent that those statements constitute
                  matters of law or legal conclusions with respect thereto,
                  while not purporting to discuss all possible consequences of
                  investment in the securities to which they relate, are correct
                  in all material respects with respect to those consequences or
                  matters that are discussed therein.

         2.       Under current United States federal income tax law as of the
                  Closing Date, based upon certain financial calculations
                  prepared at the request of the Underwriters concerning the
                  projected performance of the Underlying Certificates and
                  projected payments on the Bonds and assuming the accuracy of
                  and compliance with the representations, covenants and other
                  provisions of the Agreements without any waiver or
                  modification thereof, although there are no regulations,
                  rulings or judicial precedents addressing the characterization
                  for federal income tax purposes of Bonds having terms
                  substantially the same as those of the Bonds, for federal
                  income tax purposes the Bonds will be treated as indebtedness
                  to a holder thereof other than the owner of the Trust
                  Certificates, and not as ownership interests in the Trust Fund
                  or an equity interest in the Issuer or the Company, and the
                  Issuer will not be classified as (i) an association taxable as
                  a corporation, (ii) a publicly traded partnership taxable as a
                  corporation or (iii) a taxable mortgage pool for federal
                  income tax purposes.

         This opinion letter is rendered for the sole benefit of each addressee
hereof with respect to the matters specifically addressed herein, and no other
person or entity is entitled to rely hereon. Copies of this opinion letter may
not be made available, and this opinion letter may not be quoted or referred to
in any other document made available, to any other person or entity except (i)
to any applicable rating agency, institution providing credit enhancement or
liquidity support or governmental authority, (ii) to any accountant or attorney
for any person or entity entitled hereunder to rely hereon or to whom or which
this opinion letter may be made available

<PAGE>


IMH Assets Corp., Series 2004-10                                         Page 4.
November 24, 2004


as provided herein, (iii) to any and all persons, without limitation, in
connection with the disclosure of the tax treatment and tax structure of the
transaction (as defined in Treasury regulation section 1.6011-4) and (iv) as
otherwise required by law; provided that none of the foregoing is entitled to
rely hereon unless an addressee hereof. We assume no obligation to revise,
supplement or withdraw this opinion letter, or otherwise inform any addressee
hereof or other person or entity, with respect to any change occurring
subsequent to the delivery hereof in any applicable fact or law or any judicial
or administrative interpretation thereof, even though such change may affect a
legal analysis or conclusion contained herein. In addition, no attorney-client
relationship exists or has existed by reason of this opinion letter between our
firm and any addressee hereof or other person or entity except for any addressee
that is identified in the first paragraph hereof as a person or entity for which
we have acted as counsel in rendering this opinion letter. In permitting
reliance hereon by any person or entity other than such an addressee for which
we have acted as counsel, we are not acting as counsel for such other person or
entity and have not assumed and are not assuming any responsibility to advise
such other person or entity with respect to the adequacy of this opinion letter
for its purposes.

                                                     Very truly yours,


                                                     Thacher Proffitt & Wood LLP

