-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 QPvTKdLGDkFJCG6AO/QxF503Uzem4RoofBWh9HO6DY6LCAyFMEArqfKk4lheaBYb
 ykYKWelRGbZqaTmsjxsg3g==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000949353-04-000638.txt : 20041223
<SEC-HEADER>0000949353-04-000638.hdr.sgml : 20041223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041223093234
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000949353-04-000638
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041217
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CIROND CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001132810
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				880469593
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-49763
		FILM NUMBER:		041222478

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4185 STILL CREEK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE B-101
		CITY:			BURNABY
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V5C 6G9
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6042055039

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4185 STILL CREEK DR
		STREET 2:		STE B-101
		CITY:			BURNABY
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V5C 6G9

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EXMAILIT COM
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010118
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>f8k-122204.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K 12-22-04
<TEXT>


                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549


                                    FORM 8-K


                                 CURRENT REPORT
     PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): DECEMBER 22, 2004


                               CIROND CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


           NEVADA                        0-49763               88-0469593
(State or other jurisdiction of        (Commission            (IRS Employer
       incorporation)                  File Number)         Identification No.)


    4185 STILL CREEK DRIVE #B-101, BURNABY, BRITISH COLUMBIA, CANADA V5C 6G9
               (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

                                 NOT APPLICABLE
          (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

        Registrant's telephone number, including area code (604) 205-5039

Check  the  appropriate  box  below  if the  Form  8-K  filing  is  intended  to
simultaneously  satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR
230.425)

[ ] Soliciting  material  pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12)

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))





<PAGE>


ITEM 1.01   ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT.

On December 22, 2004, Cirond Corporation ("Cirond") entered into Securities
Purchase Agreements with several accredited investors (the "Purchasers")
pursuant to which Cirond agreed to sell, and the Investors agreed to purchase,
2,000 shares of Series B 5% Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Preferred Stock"),
warrants to purchase 2,325,581 shares of common stock, and Additional Investment
Rights for a total of $2,000,000. The warrants are exercisable for five years at
$0.55 per share. The Preferred Stock may be converted in shares of common stock
at a price of $0.43 per share. The Additional Investment Rights entitle the
Purchasers to buy up to $4,000,000 of Preferred Stock and warrants on the same
terms for period of six months following the effective date of the Resale
Registration Statement (described below).

In connection with the subscription, Cirond paid Ascendiant Securities, LLC a
cash commission of $160,000 and a non-accountable expense allowance of $25,000,
and issued Ascendiant warrants for the purchase of an amount equal to 8% of the
securities issued in the transaction. The warrants are exercisable into
securities similar to those issued in the transaction and have an exercise price
and term consistent with the warrants issued to the Purchasers. The warrants
contain piggyback registration rights and a net exercise provision.

A portion of the proceeds will be used to pay the fees incurred in connection
with the transaction, including legal fees, and for the preparation and filing
of the registration statement. The remaining net proceeds will be used for
working capital purposes, including consulting, payroll, sales and marketing and
some research and development expenses, loan repayment, and marketing and public
relations.

Cirond has agreed to file a registration statement with the Securities and
Exchange Commission in order to register the resale of the shares issuable upon
conversion of the Preferred Stock and the shares issuable upon exercise of the
warrants (the "Resale Registration Statement").

Cirond granted the Purchasers a right to participate in any future financings in
which debt or equity securities are issued. This right will terminate one year
after the Resale Registration Statement has been declared effective.

Cirond's officers and directors have agreed not to sell or transfer any shares
of common stock until the expiration of 180 days from the effective date of the
Resale Registration Statement.

This summary description of the financing described by the agreements does not
purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form
of the agreements and other documents that are filed as Exhibits hereto.


                                       2

<PAGE>


ITEM 3.02   UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

On December 22, 2004, Cirond sold 2,000 shares of Series B 5% Convertible
Preferred Stock (the "Preferred Stock"), warrants to purchase shares of common
stock, and Additional Investment Rights to several accredited investors. See
"Item 1.01 Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement."

The Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of common stock as described in
"Item 1.01 Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement" and "Item 5.03 Amendments
to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year."

The warrants give the holders the right to purchase, for a period of five years,
an aggregate of 2,325,581 shares of common stock for $0.55 per share. A holder
of a warrant is not permitted to exercise the warrant for a number of shares of
common stock greater than the number that would cause the aggregate beneficial
ownership of common stock of such holder and all persons affiliated with such
holder to exceed 4.99% of Cirond's then outstanding common stock. Both the
number of warrants and the exercise price of the warrants are subject to
anti-dilution adjustments in the event of certain stock splits, stock
combinations and other similar transactions.

The Additional Investment Rights entitle the Purchasers to buy up to $4,000,000
of Preferred Stock and warrants on the same terms for period of six months
following the effective date of the Resale Registration Statement.

In connection with the subscription, Cirond paid Ascendiant Securities, LLC a
cash commission of $160,000 and a non-accountable expense allowance of $25,000,
and issued Ascendiant warrants for the purchase of an amount equal to 8% of the
securities issued in the transaction. The warrants are exercisable into
securities similar to those issued in the transaction and have an exercise price
and term consistent with the warrants issued to the Purchasers. The warrants are
to contain piggyback registration rights and a net exercise provision.

Based upon the sophistication and financial condition of the purchasers, Cirond
relied upon the exemptions from registration under the Securities Act of 1933
contained in Section 4(2) of the Securities and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D
promulgated under the Securities Act for the offer and sale of the Preferred
Stock, warrants, and Additional Investment Rights.


ITEM 3.03   MATERIAL MODIFICATION TO RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS.

On December 22, 2004, in connection with the private placement described above,
Cirond filed a Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of the
State of Nevada authorizing the creation and establishing the terms of the
Series B 5% Convertible Preferred Stock. Holders of the Series B 5% Convertible
Preferred Stock are entitled to a liquidation preference over the holders of
Cirond's common shares as described in "Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year."


                                       3
<PAGE>


ITEM 5.03   AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OR BYLAWS; CHANGE IN FISCAL
            YEAR.

On December 22, 2004, in connection with the private placement described above,
Cirond filed a Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of the
State of Nevada authorizing the creation and establishing the terms of the
Series B 5% Convertible Preferred Stock. The following is a description of the
principal terms, rights and obligations of the Series B Preferred Stock.

DIVIDENDS. A holder of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive
cumulative dividends of 5% per annum, based on the stated value of $1,000 per
share, payable quarterly beginning January 1, 2005.

VOTING RIGHTS. Except as otherwise required by law, a holder of shares of Series
B Preferred Stock does not have the right to vote on matters that come before
Cirond's shareholders.

LIQUIDATION PREFERENCE. In the event of a dissolution or winding up of Cirond,
each holder of the Series B Preferred Stock is entitled to a liquidation
preference of $1,000 per share of Series B Preferred Stock held plus any
declared but unpaid dividends on such share, prior to any payment to the holders
of Cirond's common stock or any other stock of Cirond ranking junior to the
Series B Preferred Stock with regard to any distribution of assets upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Cirond.

CONVERSION. Shares of Series B Preferred Stock may, at the option of the holder,
be converted at any time or from time to time into shares of common stock at the
initial conversion price of $0.43 per share, subject to adjustment; provided,
that a holder of Series B Preferred Stock may at any given time convert only up
to that number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock so that, upon conversion,
the aggregate beneficial ownership of Cirond common stock of such holder and all
persons affiliated with such holder is does not exceed 4.99% of the then
outstanding common stock. The number of shares into which one share of Series A
Stock shall be convertible shall be determined by dividing $1,000 by the then
existing conversion price.

The conversion price may be reduced if Cirond sells common stock or other
securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock at a per share
price, exercise price or conversion price lower than the conversion price then
in effect (other than in connection with an acquisition of the securities,
assets or business of another company, joint ventures and employee stock
options).

REDEMPTION. Cirond is to redeem all of the then outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred Stock on December 22, 2009. At its option, Cirond may redeem the
Series B Preferred Stock at 120% of the stated value, plus accrued and unpaid
dividends, if certain conditions have been met. Holders may require Cirond to
redeem the Series B Preferred Stock at 120% of the stated value, plus accrued
and unpaid dividends, should certain events occur, such as Cirond's failure to
have the Resale Registration Statement effective by June 20, 2005, lapse of
effectiveness of the Resale Registration Statement, Cirond's failure to deliver
stock certificates upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock on a timely
basis, breach of any of the terms or covenants of the


                                       4
<PAGE>

Securities Purchase Agreement, a change of control transaction, bankruptcy, or
failure of the common stock to be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board for more than
five trading days.

This summary description of the Series B Preferred Stock does not purport to be
complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Certificate of
Designation filed as an exhibit hereto.


ITEM 9.01   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.

Exhibits:

REGULATION
S-B NUMBER                            DOCUMENT

   4.1          Certificate of Designation of Series B 5% Convertible Preferred
                Stock

  10.1          Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of December 22,
                2004 between Cirond Corporation and the Purchaser named therein

  10.2          Registration Rights Agreement dated December 22, 2004 between
                Cirond Corporation and the Purchasers named therein

  10.3          Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant

  10.4          Form of Additional Investment Right


                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                    CIROND CORPORATION


December 22, 2004                   By: /s/ NICHOLAS MILLER
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                    Nicholas Miller
                                    President and Chief Executive Officer












                                       5

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exh4-1_certdesignation.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXH 4-1 CERTIFICATION
<TEXT>















                                  EXHIBIT 4.1

                     CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF SERIES B
                         5% CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK


<PAGE>

DEAN HELLER
SECRETARY OF STATE
204 NORTH CARSON STREET, SUITE 1
CARSON CITY, NEVADA 89701-4299
(775) 684-5708
WEBSITE: SECRETARY OF STATE.BIZ


CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION
(PURSUANT TO NRS 78.1955)

IMPORTANT: READ ATTACHED INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE COMPLETING FORM.

                                              ABOVE SPACE IS FOR OFFICE USE ONLY

                           CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION
                         FOR NEVADA PROFIT CORPORATIONS
                            (PURSUANT TO NRS 78.1955)

1.       Name of corporation:

         Cirond Corporation

2.       By resolution of the board of directors pursuant to a provision in the
         articles of incorporation, this certificate establishes the following
         regarding the voting powers, designations, preferences, limitations,
         restrictions and relative rights of the following class or series of
         stock:

         See the attached Exhibit A.


3.       Effective date of filing (optional):
                                             -----------------------------------
                                    (Must not be later than 90 days after the
                                          certificate is filed)

4.       Officer Signature:   /s/ ISAAC MOSS
                           ---------------------------------------------------
FILING FEE: $175.00

         IMPORTANT: Failure to include any of the above information and submit
         the proper fees may cause this filing to be rejected.

         SUBMIT IN DUPLICATE

THIS FORM MUST BE ACCOMPANIED BY APPROPRIATE FEES.  SEE ATTACHED FEE
SCHEDULE.


<PAGE>


                                                                      EXHIBIT A

                               CIROND CORPORATION

                          CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF
                                       OF
                     SERIES B 5% CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

                       PURSUANT TO SECTION 78.1955 OF THE
                             NEVADA REVISED STATUTES


                  SECTION  1.  DEFINITIONS.   Capitalized  terms  used  and  not
otherwise  defined herein that are defined in the Purchase  Agreement shall have
the  meanings  given  such terms in the  Purchase  Agreement.  For the  purposes
hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

                  "BANKRUPTCY  EVENT" means any of the following events: (a) the
         Corporation or any  Significant  Subsidiary (as such term is defined in
         Rule  1-02(s) of  Regulation  S-X)  thereof  commences  a case or other
         proceeding   under   any   bankruptcy,   reorganization,   arrangement,
         adjustment  of debt,  relief of  debtors,  dissolution,  insolvency  or
         liquidation  or  similar  law  of  any  jurisdiction  relating  to  the
         Corporation  or  any  Significant  Subsidiary  thereof;  (b)  there  is
         commenced against the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof
         any such case or proceeding that is not dismissed  within 60 days after
         commencement; (c) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof
         is  adjudicated  insolvent  or bankrupt or any order of relief or other
         order  approving  any  such  case or  proceeding  is  entered;  (d) the
         Corporation  or  any   Significant   Subsidiary   thereof  suffers  any
         appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part
         of its property that is not  discharged  or stayed within 60 days;  (e)
         the Corporation or any Significant  Subsidiary  thereof makes a general
         assignment  for the benefit of creditors;  (f) the  Corporation  or any
         Significant  Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of its creditors with a
         view to arranging a  composition,  adjustment or  restructuring  of its
         debts; or (g) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof, by
         any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval
         of or  acquiescence  in any of the  foregoing or takes any corporate or
         other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

                  "CHANGE OF CONTROL TRANSACTION" means the occurrence after the
         date  hereof of any of (a) an  acquisition  after the date hereof by an
         individual or legal entity or "group" (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1)
         promulgated  under the  Exchange  Act) of  effective  control  (whether
         through  legal  or  beneficial   ownership  of  capital  stock  of  the
         Corporation,  by  contract  or  otherwise)  of in  excess of 50% of the
         voting securities of the Corporation,  or (b) a replacement at one time
         or within a one year period of more than one-half of the members of the
         Corporation's board of directors which is not approved by a majority of
         those individuals who are members of the board of directors on the date
         hereof (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the board
         of directors on


                                       1
<PAGE>


         any date whose nomination to the board of directors was  approved  by a
         majority  of  the  members of the board of directors who are members on
         the  date  hereof),  or  (c)  the  execution  by  the Corporation of an
         agreement  to which the Corporation is a party or by which it is bound,
         providing for any of the events set forth above in (a) or (b).

                  "CLOSING  DATE(S)"  means the  Trading  Day(s) when all of the
         Transaction   Documents   have  been  executed  and  delivered  by  the
         applicable  parties  thereto,  and all conditions  precedent to (i) the
         Holders'  obligations  to pay the  Subscription  Amount  and  (ii)  the
         Corporation's obligations to deliver the Securities have been satisfied
         or waived.

                  "CLOSING PRICE" means,  for any date, the price  determined by
         the first of the  following  clauses  that  applies:  (a) if the Common
         Stock is then  listed or quoted on a Trading  Market,  the  closing bid
         price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
         on the primary  Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed
         or quoted as reported by Bloomberg  Financial L.P.  (based on a Trading
         Day from  9:30  a.m.  EST to 4:02  p.m.  Eastern  Time)  using  the VAP
         function;  (b) if the  Common  Stock is not then  listed or quoted on a
         Trading  Market and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in
         the  "Pink  Sheets"   published  by  the  National   Quotation   Bureau
         Incorporated  (or a similar  organization  or agency  succeeding to its
         functions of reporting prices),  the most recent bid price per share of
         the  Common  Stock so  reported;  or (c) in all other  cases,  the fair
         market value of a share of Common Stock as  determined  by a nationally
         recognized-independent  appraiser  selected in good faith by Purchasers
         holding a majority  of the  Stated  Value of the  Preferred  Stock then
         outstanding.

                  "COMMISSION" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

                  "COMMON STOCK" means the Corporation's common stock, par value
         $0.001 per share,  and stock of any other  class into which such shares
         may hereafter have been reclassified or changed.

                  "COMMON  STOCK   EQUIVALENTS"  means  any  securities  of  the
         Corporation or the Subsidiaries  which would entitle the holder thereof
         to acquire at any time Common Stock, including without limitation,  any
         debt,  preferred stock, rights,  options,  warrants or other instrument
         that is at any time convertible into or exchangeable  for, or otherwise
         entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

                  "CONVERSION  AMOUNT"  means  the sum of the  Stated  Value  at
         issue.

                  "CONVERSION  DATE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
         6(a).

                  "CONVERSION PRICE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
         6(b).

                  "CONVERSION SHARES" means, collectively,  the shares of Common
         Stock into  which the  shares of  Preferred  Stock are  convertible  in
         accordance with the terms hereof.


                                       2
<PAGE>

                  "CONVERSION   SHARES    REGISTRATION    STATEMENT"   means   a
         registration  statement that meets the requirements of the Registration
         Rights  Agreement and registers the resale of all Conversion  Shares by
         the Holder, who shall be named as a "selling  stockholder"  thereunder,
         all as provided in the Registration Rights Agreement.

                  "DIVIDEND  PAYMENT  DATE"  shall have the meaning set forth in
         Section 3(a).

                  "DILUTIVE  ISSUANCE"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth in
         Section 7(b) hereof.

                  "EFFECTIVE  DATE"  means the date that the  Conversion  Shares
         Registration Statement is declared effective by the Commission.

                  "EQUITY CONDITIONS" shall mean, during the period in question,
         (i) the Corporation  shall have duly honored all conversions  scheduled
         to occur or occurring  by virtue of one or more Notices of  Conversion,
         if any, (ii) all liquidated  damages and other amounts owing in respect
         of the  Preferred  Stock  shall  have  been  paid;  (iii)  there  is an
         effective  Conversion Shares  Registration  Statement pursuant to which
         the Holder is permitted to utilize the prospectus  thereunder to resell
         all of the shares issuable  pursuant to the Transaction  Documents (and
         the Corporation  believes,  in good faith, that such effectiveness will
         continue  uninterrupted  for the foreseeable  future),  (iv) the Common
         Stock is trading on the Trading  Market and all of the shares  issuable
         pursuant  to the  Transaction  Documents  are listed  for  trading on a
         Trading  Market (and the  Corporation  believes,  in good  faith,  that
         trading  of  the  Common  Stock  on  a  Trading  Market  will  continue
         uninterrupted  for the foreseeable  future),  (v) there is a sufficient
         number of authorized  but unissued and otherwise  unreserved  shares of
         Common Stock for the issuance of all of the shares issuable pursuant to
         the  Transaction  Documents,  (vi) there is then existing no Triggering
         Event or event which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice,
         would constitute a Triggering Event,  (vii) all of the shares issued or
         issuable  pursuant to the  transaction  proposed  would not violate the
         limitations   set  forth  in  Section   6(c),   and  (viii)  no  public
         announcement of a pending or proposed Fundamental  Transaction,  Change
         of Control Transaction or acquisition transaction has occurred that has
         not been consummated.

                  "EXCHANGE ACT" means the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as
         amended.

                  "EXEMPT  ISSUANCE"  means the issuance of (a) shares of Common
         Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Corporation
         pursuant to any stock or option plan duly  adopted by a majority of the
         non-employee  members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation or a
         majority  of the  members  of a  committee  of  non-employee  directors
         established  for such purpose,  (b) securities  upon the exercise of or
         conversion  of any  securities  issued  under  the  Purchase  Agreement
         (including the warrants  issued to Ascendiant  Securities,  LLC and the
         Additional  Investment  Right  Securities),   convertible   securities,
         options or warrants  issued and outstanding on the date of the Purchase
         Agreement,  provided that such  securities  have not been amended since
         the date of the  Purchase  Agreement  to  increase  the  number of such
         securities or to decrease the exercise


                                       3
<PAGE>


         or conversion  price of any such securities, and (c) securities  issued
         pursuant to  acquisitions  or strategic transactions, provided any such
         issuance shall only be to a  Person  which is,  itself  or through  its
         subsidiaries,  an  operating company in a business synergistic with the
         business of the Corporation  and  in  which  the  Corporation  receives
         benefits in addition to the investment of funds,  but shall not include
         a transaction  in which the Corporation is issuing securities primarily
         for  the purpose of raising  capital  or to  an  entity  whose  primary
         business is investing in securities.

                  "FIVE  YEAR  REDEMPTION"  shall  mean  the  redemption  of the
         Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 8(a).

                  "FIVE YEAR  REDEMPTION  AMOUNT" shall mean the sum of (i) 100%
         of the aggregate Stated Value then outstanding, (ii) accrued but unpaid
         dividends  and (iii) all  liquidated  damages and other  amounts due in
         respect of the Preferred Stock.

                  "FIVE YEAR  REDEMPTION  DATE" shall have the meaning set forth
         in Section 8(a).

                  "FUNDAMENTAL  TRANSACTION" shall have the meaning set forth in
         Section 7(f)(iii) hereof.

                  "HOLDER"  shall have the meaning  given such term in Section 2
         hereof.

                  "JUNIOR  SECURITIES"  means  the  Common  Stock  and all other
         equity or equity  equivalent  securities of the Corporation  other than
         those securities that are explicitly  senior or pari passu in rights or
         liquidation preference to the Preferred Stock.

                  "OPTIONAL  REDEMPTION"  shall  have the  meaning  set forth in
         Section 8(c).

                  "OPTIONAL REDEMPTION AMOUNT" shall mean the sum of (i) 120% of
         the Stated Value of the Preferred Stock then outstanding,  (ii) accrued
         but unpaid dividends and (iii) all liquidated damages and other amounts
         due in respect of the Preferred Stock.

                  "OPTIONAL  REDEMPTION NOTICE" shall have the meaning set forth
         in Section 8(c).

                  "OPTIONAL  REDEMPTION  NOTICE DATE" shall have the meaning set
         forth in Section 8(c).

                  "ORIGINAL  ISSUE  DATE"  shall  mean  the  date  of the  first
         issuance of any shares of the Preferred Stock  regardless of the number
         of transfers of any particular shares of Preferred Stock and regardless
         of the  number of  certificates  which may be issued to  evidence  such
         Preferred Stock.

                  "PERSON" means a corporation,  an association,  a partnership,
         an organization,  a business, an individual,  a government or political
         subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.


                                       4

<PAGE>

                  "PURCHASE  AGREEMENT" means the Securities Purchase Agreement,
         dated as of the Original Issue Date, to which the  Corporation  and the
         original Holders are parties, as amended, modified or supplemented from
         time to time in accordance with its terms.

                  "REGISTRATION  RIGHTS AGREEMENT" means the Registration Rights
         Agreement, dated as of the date of the Purchase Agreement, to which the
         Corporation and the original Holder are parties,  as amended,  modified
         or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

                  "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
         and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

                  "SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT" means, as to each Purchaser, the amounts
         set forth below such Purchaser's signature block on the signature pages
         hereto, in United States Dollars and in immediately available funds.

                  "SUBSIDIARY"  shall have the meaning given to such term in the
         Purchase Agreement.

                  "THRESHOLD PERIOD" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
         6(e).

                  "TRADING  DAY" means a day on which the Common Stock is traded
         on a Trading Market.

                  "TRADING  MARKET" means the following  markets or exchanges on
         which the Common  Stock is listed or quoted for  trading on the date in
         question:  the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, the American Stock Exchange, the
         New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq National Market or the OTC Bulletin
         Board.

                  "TRANSACTION  DOCUMENTS"  shall have the  meaning set forth in
         the Purchase Agreement.

                  "TRIGGERING EVENT" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
         9(a).

                  "TRIGGERING  REDEMPTION  AMOUNT"  for each share of  Preferred
         Stock means the sum of (i) the greater of (A) 120% of the Stated  Value
         and (B) the  product  of (a)  the  Closing  Price  on the  Trading  Day
         immediately  preceding  the date of the  Triggering  Event  and (b) the
         Stated Value divided by the then Conversion Price, (ii) all accrued but
         unpaid  dividends  thereon and (iii) all  liquidated  damages and other
         amounts due in respect of the Preferred Stock

                  SECTION 2.  DESIGNATION,  AMOUNT AND PAR VALUE.  The series of
         preferred  stock  shall be  designated  as its Series B 5%  Convertible
         Preferred  Stock (the  "PREFERRED  STOCK")  and the number of shares so
         designated  shall be 6,000  (which  shall not be  subject  to  increase
         without the consent of all of the holders of the Preferred Stock (each,
         a "HOLDER" and collectively,  the "HOLDERS")).  Each share of Preferred
         Stock  shall  have a par


                                       5
<PAGE>

         value of $0.001  per share and a stated  value  equal  to  $1,000  (the
         "STATED VALUE").  Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein  shall
         have the meaning given such terms in Section 1 hereof.

                  SECTION 3.  DIVIDENDS.

                  a) Holders  shall be entitled  to receive and the  Corporation
         shall pay, cumulative  dividends at the rate per share (as a percentage
         of the Stated  Value per share) of 5% per annum  (subject  to  increase
         pursuant  to  Section  9(b)),  payable  quarterly  on April 1,  July 1,
         October 1 and  January  1,  beginning  with  January 1, 2005 and on any
         Conversion  Date (except  that,  if such date is not a Trading Day, the
         payment  date  shall  be the  next  succeeding  Trading  Day)("DIVIDEND
         PAYMENT DATE").  The form of dividend  payments to each Holder shall be
         made in the following order: (i) if funds are legally available for the
         payment of dividends  and the Equity  Conditions  have not been met, in
         cash  only,  (ii) if funds are  legally  available  for the  payment of
         dividends and the Equity  Conditions have been met, and the Corporation
         is in compliance  with Sections 78.215 and 78.288 of the Nevada Revised
         Statutes, at the sole election of the Corporation, in cash or shares of
         Common  Stock which shall be valued  solely for such  purpose at 90% of
         the average of the 20 Closing Prices  immediately prior to the Dividend
         Payment Date; (iii) if funds are not legally  available for the payment
         of dividends,  the Equity Conditions have been met, and the Corporation
         is in compliance  with Sections 78.215 and 78.288 of the Nevada Revised
         Statutes, in shares of Common Stock which shall be valued at 90% of the
         average  of the 20 Closing  Prices  immediately  prior to the  Dividend
         Payment Date;  (iv) if funds are not legally  available for the payment
         of dividends and the Equity  Conditions  relating to registration  have
         been waived by such  Holder,  and,  prior to  February  28,  2005,  the
         Corporation  is in compliance  with  Sections  78.215 and 78.288 of the
         Nevada Revised Statutes, as to such Holder only, in unregistered shares
         of Common  Stock  which shall be valued at 90% of the average of the 20
         Closing Prices  immediately prior to the Dividend Payment Date; and (v)
         if funds are not legally available for the payment of dividends and the
         Equity  Conditions  have not been met,  then,  at the  election of such
         Holder,  such dividends shall accrue to the next Dividend  Payment Date
         or shall be accreted to the outstanding Stated Value. The Holders shall
         have the same rights and  remedies  with respect to the delivery of any
         such shares as if such shares were being issued  pursuant to Section 6.
         As of the Closing Date, the Corporation may not lawfully pay dividends.
         The  Corporation  shall  promptly  notify  the  Holders at any time the
         Corporation  shall  become  able or  unable,  as the  case  may be,  to
         lawfully pay cash  dividends.  If at any time the  Corporation  has the
         right to pay dividends in cash or Common Stock,  the  Corporation  must
         provide  the  Holder  with at  least 20  Trading  Days'  notice  of its
         election  to  pay a  regularly  scheduled  dividend  in  Common  Stock.
         Dividends on the Preferred  Stock shall be calculated on the basis of a
         360-day year, shall accrue daily commencing on the Original Issue Date,
         and shall be deemed to accrue  from such date  whether or not earned or
         declared and whether or not there are  profits,  surplus or other funds
         of the  Corporation  legally  available  for the payment of  dividends.
         Except as otherwise  provided  herein,  if at any time the  Corporation
         pays  dividends  partially in cash and  partially in shares,  then such
         payment shall be  distributed  ratably among the Holders

                                       6
<PAGE>

         based upon the number of shares of Preferred Stock held by each Holder.
         Any dividends, whether paid in cash or shares, that are not paid within
         three Trading Days  following a Dividend  Payment  Date shall  continue
         to accrue and shall entail  a late  fee, which must be paid in cash, at
         the rate of 10% per  annum or the lesser rate  permitted  by applicable
         law (such fees to accrue daily,  from the Dividend Payment Date through
         and including the date of payment).

                  b) So long as any  Preferred  Stock shall remain  outstanding,
         neither  the  Corporation  nor any  Subsidiary  thereof  shall  redeem,
         purchase  or  otherwise  acquire  directly  or  indirectly  any  Junior
         Securities.  So long as any Preferred  Stock shall remain  outstanding,
         neither the  Corporation  nor any Subsidiary  thereof shall directly or
         indirectly pay or declare any dividend or make any distribution  (other
         than a dividend or distribution described in Section 6 or dividends due
         and paid in the ordinary  course on preferred  stock of the Corporation
         at such times when the  Corporation  is in compliance  with its payment
         and other  obligations  hereunder)  upon, nor shall any distribution be
         made in respect of, any Junior  Securities so long as any dividends due
         on the Preferred Stock remain unpaid, nor shall any monies be set aside
         for or applied to the purchase or redemption (through a sinking fund or
         otherwise)  of any  Junior  Securities  or shares  pari  passu with the
         Preferred Stock.

                  SECTION 4. VOTING RIGHTS.  Except as otherwise provided herein
and as  otherwise  required  by law,  the  Preferred  Stock shall have no voting
rights.  However, so long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding,  the
Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote of the Holders of the shares
of the  Preferred  Stock then  outstanding,  (a) alter or change  adversely  the
powers,  preferences  or rights given to the  Preferred  Stock or alter or amend
this  Certificate  of  Designation,  (b)  authorize or create any class of stock
ranking as to dividends, redemption or distribution of assets upon a Liquidation
(as defined in Section 5) senior to or otherwise  pari passu with the  Preferred
Stock, (c) amend its certificate of incorporation or other charter  documents so
as to affect  adversely any rights of the Holders,  (d) increase the  authorized
number of shares of  Preferred  Stock,  or (e)  enter  into any  agreement  with
respect to the foregoing.

                  SECTION 5. LIQUIDATION.  Upon any liquidation,  dissolution or
winding-up   of  the   Corporation,   whether   voluntary  or   involuntary   (a
"LIQUIDATION"),  the  Holders  shall be entitled to receive out of the assets of
the Corporation,  whether such assets are capital or surplus,  for each share of
Preferred  Stock an amount  equal to the Stated Value per share plus any accrued
and unpaid  dividends  thereon and any other fees or  liquidated  damages  owing
thereon before any  distribution  or payment shall be made to the holders of any
Junior Securities, and if the assets of the Corporation shall be insufficient to
pay in full  such  amounts,  then the  entire  assets to be  distributed  to the
Holders shall be distributed  among the Holders  ratably in accordance  with the
respective  amounts that would be payable on such shares if all amounts  payable
thereon  were paid in full.  A  Fundamental  Transaction  or  Change of  Control
Transaction  shall not be treated as a Liquidation.  The Corporation  shall mail
written  notice  of any such  Liquidation,  not less  than 45 days  prior to the
payment date stated therein, to each record Holder.


                                       7

<PAGE>

                  SECTION 6.  CONVERSION.

                  a)  CONVERSIONS  AT OPTION OF HOLDER.  Each share of Preferred
         Stock shall be  convertible  into that number of shares of Common Stock
         (subject to the  limitations  set forth in Section 6(c))  determined by
         dividing  the  Stated  Value of such  share of  Preferred  Stock by the
         Conversion  Price,  at the option of the  Holder,  at any time and from
         time to time from and after the  Original  Issue  Date.  Holders  shall
         effect  conversions  by  providing  the  Corporation  with  the form of
         conversion   notice   attached   hereto  as  ANNEX  A  (a   "NOTICE  OF
         CONVERSION").  Each Notice of  Conversion  shall  specify the number of
         shares of  Preferred  Stock to be  converted,  the  number of shares of
         Preferred  Stock owned prior to the conversion at issue,  the number of
         shares of Preferred  Stock owned  subsequent to the conversion at issue
         and the date on which such conversion is to be effected, which date may
         not be prior to the date the Holder  delivers such Notice of Conversion
         to  the  Corporation  by  facsimile  (the  "CONVERSION  DATE").  If  no
         Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion,  the Conversion
         Date  shall  be  the  date  that  such  Notice  of  Conversion  to  the
         Corporation is deemed delivered hereunder. The calculations and entries
         set forth in the Notice of  Conversion  shall control in the absence of
         manifest or mathematical error. To effect conversions,  as the case may
         be, of shares of  Preferred  Stock,  a Holder  shall not be required to
         surrender  the  certificate(s)  representing  such shares of  Preferred
         Stock to the  Corporation  unless all of the shares of Preferred  Stock
         represented  thereby are so  converted,  in which case the Holder shall
         deliver the  certificate  representing  such share of  Preferred  Stock
         promptly  following the Conversion  Date at issue.  Shares of Preferred
         Stock  converted  into Common Stock or redeemed in accordance  with the
         terms hereof shall be canceled and may not be reissued.

                  b) CONVERSION  PRICE.  The conversion  price for the Preferred
         Stock shall equal $0.43 (the "CONVERSION Price"), subject to adjustment
         herein.

                  c) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP LIMITATION.  The Corporation shall not
         effect any conversion of the Preferred  Stock, and the Holder shall not
         have the right to convert  any  portion of the  Preferred  Stock to the
         extent  that  after  giving  effect  to  such  conversion,  the  Holder
         (together with the Holder's affiliates), as set forth on the applicable
         Notice of Conversion,  would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% of the
         number of shares of the  Common  Stock  outstanding  immediately  after
         giving  effect  to  such  conversion.  For  purposes  of the  foregoing
         sentence,  the number of shares of Common Stock  beneficially  owned by
         the Holder and its  affiliates  shall  include  the number of shares of
         Common Stock  issuable  upon  conversion  of the  Preferred  Stock with
         respect to which the  determination of such sentence is being made, but
         shall  exclude  the  number of shares of Common  Stock  which  would be
         issuable upon (A)  conversion  of the  remaining,  nonconverted  Stated
         Value of Preferred Stock beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
         affiliates  and  (B)  exercise  or  conversion  of the  unexercised  or
         nonconverted  portion  of  any  other  securities  of  the  Corporation
         (including  the  Warrants)  subject to a limitation  on  conversion  or
         exercise  analogous to the  limitation  contained  herein  beneficially
         owned by the  Holder or any of its  affiliates.  Except as set forth in
         the preceding sentence,  for purposes of this Section 6(c),  beneficial
         ownership  shall be calculated in accordance  with

                                       8
<PAGE>



         Section  13(d) of the Exchange  Act. To the extent that the  limitation
         contained in this Section 6(c) applies,  the  determination  of whether
         the Preferred  Stock is  convertible  (in relation to other  securities
         owned by the Holder  together with any  affiliates) and of which shares
         of Preferred  Stock is convertible  shall be in the sole  discretion of
         such Holder,  and the  submission  of a Notice of  Conversion  shall be
         deemed to be such  Holder's  determination  of  whether  the  shares of
         Preferred Stock may be converted (in relation to other securities owned
         by such Holder) and which shares of the Preferred Stock is convertible,
         in each case  subject  to such  aggregate  percentage  limitations.  To
         ensure compliance with this  restriction,  the Holder will be deemed to
         represent  to the  Corporation  each  time  it  delivers  a  Notice  of
         Conversion  that  such  Notice  of  Conversion  has  not  violated  the
         restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Corporation shall have
         no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such  determination.
         For  purposes  of this  Section  6(c),  in  determining  the  number of
         outstanding  shares of Common Stock,  the Holder may rely on the number
         of  outstanding  shares of Common Stock as reflected in the most recent
         of the following:  (A) the Corporation's  most recent Form 10-Q or Form
         10-K, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public  announcement by the
         Corporation  or  (C)  any  other  notice  by  the  Corporation  or  the
         Corporation's  transfer  agent  setting  forth the  number of shares of
         Common  Stock  outstanding.  Upon the  written  or oral  request of the
         Holder,  the  Corporation  shall within two Trading Days confirm orally
         and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common  Stock then
         outstanding.  In any case, the number of  outstanding  shares of Common
         Stock shall be  determined  after giving  effect to the  conversion  or
         exercise of  securities  of the  Corporation,  including  the Preferred
         Stock, by the Holder or its affiliates  since the date as of which such
         number  of  outstanding  shares  of  Common  Stock  was  reported.  The
         provisions  of this Section  6(c) may be waived by the Holder upon,  at
         the election of the Holder,  not less than 61 days' prior notice to the
         Corporation,  and the provisions of this Section 6(c) shall continue to
         apply until such 61st day (or such later  date,  as  determined  by the
         Holder, as may be specified in such notice of waiver).

                  d)    MECHANICS OF CONVERSION

                        i. DELIVERY OF CERTIFICATE  UPON  CONVERSION.  Not later
                  than three Trading Days after each Conversion Date (the "SHARE
                  DELIVERY DATE"),  the Corporation  shall deliver to the Holder
                  (A) a certificate or certificates  which,  after the Effective
                  Date,  shall  be  free  of  restrictive  legends  and  trading
                  restrictions  (other  than  those  required  by  the  Purchase
                  Agreement)  representing  the number of shares of Common Stock
                  being  acquired  upon the  conversion  of shares of  Preferred
                  Stock,  and (B) a bank  check in the  amount  of  accrued  and
                  unpaid  dividends  (if  the  Corporation  has  elected  or  is
                  required  to  pay  accrued  dividends  in  cash).   After  the
                  Effective  Date, the  Corporation  shall,  upon request of the
                  Holder, deliver any certificate or certificates required to be
                  delivered by the Corporation under this Section electronically
                  through   the   Depository   Trust   Corporation   or  another
                  established clearing corporation performing similar functions.
                  If in the case of any Notice of Conversion such certificate or
                  certificates  are  not  delivered  to or as  directed  by  the
                  applicable   Holder  by  the  third


                                       9
<PAGE>

                  Trading  Day  after  the Conversion  Date, the Holder shall be
                  entitled  to elect by written notice to the Corporation at any
                  time  on  or  before  its  receipt  of  such   certificate  or
                  certificates  thereafter, to rescind such conversion, in which
                  event   the   Corporation   shall   immediately   return   the
                  certificates  representing  the  shares  of   Preferred  Stock
                  tendered for conversion.

                        ii. OBLIGATION ABSOLUTE; PARTIAL LIQUIDATED DAMAGES. The
                  Corporation's  obligations to issue and deliver the Conversion
                  Shares upon  conversion of Preferred  Stock in accordance with
                  the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional,  irrespective
                  of any action or  inaction  by the Holder to enforce the same,
                  any waiver or consent  with respect to any  provision  hereof,
                  the recovery of any judgment  against any Person or any action
                  to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim,  recoupment,
                  limitation or termination,  or any breach or alleged breach by
                  the  Holder  or any  other  Person  of any  obligation  to the
                  Corporation  or any  violation or alleged  violation of law by
                  the Holder or any other person,  and irrespective of any other
                  circumstance  which might  otherwise  limit such obligation of
                  the  Corporation to the Holder in connection with the issuance
                  of such Conversion  Shares.  In the event a Holder shall elect
                  to  convert  any or all of the Stated  Value of its  Preferred
                  Stock, the Corporation may not refuse  conversion based on any
                  claim that such  Holder or any one  associated  or  affiliated
                  with the Holder of has been  engaged in any  violation of law,
                  agreement or for any other reason,  unless, an injunction from
                  a court, on notice, restraining and or enjoining conversion of
                  all or part of this Preferred Stock shall have been sought and
                  obtained  and the  Corporation  posts a  surety  bond  for the
                  benefit  of the  Holder in the  amount  of 150% of the  Stated
                  Value of Preferred Stock outstanding,  which is subject to the
                  injunction,  which  bond  shall  remain  in  effect  until the
                  completion  of  arbitration/litigation  of the dispute and the
                  proceeds  of which  shall be  payable  to such  Holder  to the
                  extent it obtains  judgment.  In the absence of an  injunction
                  precluding the same, the  Corporation  shall issue  Conversion
                  Shares  or,  if  applicable,  cash,  upon a  properly  noticed
                  conversion.  If the Corporation fails to deliver to the Holder
                  such  certificate or certificates  pursuant to Section 6(d)(i)
                  within two Trading Days of the Share Delivery Date  applicable
                  to such conversion,  the Corporation shall pay to such Holder,
                  in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty,  for each
                  $5,000 of Stated Value of Preferred Stock being converted, $50
                  per  Trading Day  (increasing  to $100 per Trading Day after 3
                  Trading Days and  increasing to $200 per Trading Day 6 Trading
                  Days after such damages  begin to accrue) for each Trading Day
                  after the Share  Delivery  Date  until such  certificates  are
                  delivered.  Nothing  herein  shall  limit a Holder's  right to
                  pursue actual damages for the Corporation's failure to deliver
                  certificates   representing   shares  of  Common   Stock  upon
                  conversion  within the period specified herein and such Holder
                  shall have the right to pursue all  remedies  available  to it
                  hereunder, at law or in equity including,  without limitation,
                  a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

                                       10
<PAGE>



                        iii.  COMPENSATION  FOR  BUY-IN  ON  FAILURE  TO  TIMELY
                  DELIVER CERTIFICATES UPON CONVERSION. If the Corporation fails
                  to deliver  to the Holder  such  certificate  or  certificates
                  pursuant to Section  6(d)(i) by a Share  Delivery Date, and if
                  after such Share  Delivery  Date the Holder  purchases  (in an
                  open market  transaction or otherwise) Common Stock to deliver
                  in  satisfaction  of a sale by such  Holder of the  Conversion
                  Shares  which the Holder  was  entitled  to  receive  upon the
                  conversion  relating to such Share Delivery Date (a "BUY-IN"),
                  then  the  Corporation  shall  pay in cash to the  Holder  the
                  amount  by  which  (x)  the  Holder's   total  purchase  price
                  (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Common Stock
                  so  purchased  exceeds  (y) the  product of (1) the  aggregate
                  number of shares of Common Stock that such Holder was entitled
                  to receive from the conversion at issue  multiplied by (2) the
                  price at which the sell  order  giving  rise to such  purchase
                  obligation was executed.  For example, if the Holder purchases
                  Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover
                  a Buy-In with respect to an attempted  conversion of shares of
                  Preferred Stock with respect to which the aggregate sale price
                  giving rise to such  purchase  obligation  is  $10,000,  under
                  clause  (A)  of  the   immediately   preceding   sentence  the
                  Corporation  shall be required to pay the Holder  $1,000.  The
                  Holder shall provide the Corporation written notice indicating
                  the  amounts  payable to the Holder in respect of the  Buy-In,
                  together  with  applicable  confirmations  and other  evidence
                  reasonably requested by the Corporation.  Nothing herein shall
                  limit a Holder's right to pursue any other remedies  available
                  to it  hereunder,  at  law  or in  equity  including,  without
                  limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
                  relief  with  respect to the  Corporation's  failure to timely
                  deliver certificates  representing shares of Common Stock upon
                  conversion  of the  shares  of  Preferred  Stock  as  required
                  pursuant to the terms hereof.

                        iv. RESERVATION OF SHARES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION.  The
                  Corporation  covenants  that it will at all times  reserve and
                  keep available out of its  authorized  and unissued  shares of
                  Common  Stock   solely  for  the  purpose  of  issuance   upon
                  conversion of the Preferred  Stock and payment of dividends on
                  the  Preferred  Stock,  each as  herein  provided,  free  from
                  preemptive  rights or any  other  actual  contingent  purchase
                  rights of persons  other than the Holders,  not less than such
                  number of shares of the Common Stock as shall  (subject to any
                  additional  requirements  of the Corporation as to reservation
                  of  such  shares  set  forth  in the  Purchase  Agreement)  be
                  issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions
                  of Section 7) upon the conversion of all outstanding shares of
                  Preferred Stock. The Corporation  covenants that all shares of
                  Common Stock that shall be so issuable  shall,  upon issue, be
                  duly  and   validly   authorized,   issued  and  fully   paid,
                  nonassessable  and,  if  the  Conversion  Shares  Registration
                  Statement  is  then  effective   under  the  Securities   Act,
                  registered for public sale in accordance  with such Conversion
                  Shares Registration Statement.

                        v. FRACTIONAL SHARES. Upon a conversion  hereunder,  the
                  Corporation shall not be required to issue stock  certificates
                  representing fractions of shares of


                                       11
<PAGE>


                  the Common Stock, but may if otherwise permitted,  make a cash
                  payment in respect of any final  fraction  of a share based on
                  the Closing Price at such time. If the Corporation elects not,
                  or is unable, to make such a cash payment, the Holder shall be
                  entitled to receive, in lieu of the final fraction of a share,
                  one whole share of Common Stock.

                        vi.  TRANSFER TAXES.  The issuance of  certificates  for
                  shares of the  Common  Stock on  conversion  of the  Preferred
                  Stock shall be made without charge to the Holders  thereof for
                  any documentary  stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in
                  respect of the issue or delivery of such certificate, provided
                  that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that
                  may be  payable in respect  of any  transfer  involved  in the
                  issuance and delivery of any such  certificate upon conversion
                  in a name  other  than that of the  Holder  of such  shares of
                  Preferred Stock so converted and the Corporation  shall not be
                  required to issue or deliver such certificates unless or until
                  the person or persons  requesting  the issuance  thereof shall
                  have paid to the  Corporation  the amount of such tax or shall
                  have  established to the  satisfaction of the Corporation that
                  such tax has been paid.

                  SECTION 7.     CERTAIN ADJUSTMENTS.

                  a) STOCK DIVIDENDS AND STOCK SPLITS.  If the  Corporation,  at
         any time  while the  Preferred  Stock is  outstanding:  (A) shall pay a
         stock  dividend or otherwise make a distribution  or  distributions  on
         shares of its  Common  Stock or any other  equity or equity  equivalent
         securities  payable in shares of Common Stock (which,  for avoidance of
         doubt,  shall not  include  any  shares of Common  Stock  issued by the
         Corporation pursuant to this Preferred Sock), (B) subdivide outstanding
         shares of Common  Stock  into a larger  number of shares,  (C)  combine
         (including by way of reverse stock split)  outstanding shares of Common
         Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (D) issue by reclassification
         of  shares of the  Common  Stock any  shares  of  capital  stock of the
         Corporation,  then  the  Conversion  Price  shall  be  multiplied  by a
         fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common
         Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding before such event
         and of which the  denominator  shall be the  number of shares of Common
         Stock  outstanding  after such event.  Any adjustment  made pursuant to
         this Section shall become effective  immediately  after the record date
         for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend
         or  distribution  and  shall  become  effective  immediately  after the
         effective   date  in  the  case  of  a   subdivision,   combination  or
         re-classification.

                  b)  SUBSEQUENT   EQUITY  SALES.  If  the  Corporation  or  any
         Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while Preferred Stock is
         outstanding,  shall offer, sell, grant any option to purchase or offer,
         sell or grant any right to reprice its securities, or otherwise dispose
         of or issue  (or  announce  any  offer,  sale,  grant or any  option to
         purchase  or  other  disposition)  any  Common  Stock or  Common  Stock
         Equivalents  entitling any Person to acquire shares of Common Stock, at
         an effective price per share less than the then Conversion  Price (such
         lower price, the "BASE SHARE PRICE" and such issuances collectively,  a
         "DILUTIVE  ISSUANCE"),  as  adjusted  hereunder  (if the  holder of the
         Common


                                       12
<PAGE>

         Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time,  whether
         by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions,  floating
         conversion,  exercise  or  exchange  prices  or  otherwise,  or  due to
         warrants,  options  or rights per share  which is issued in  connection
         with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an
         effective price per share which is less than the Conversion Price, such
         issuance  shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion
         Price),  then the Conversion Price shall be reduced to a price equal to
         the Base Share  Price.  Such  adjustment  shall be made  whenever  such
         Common Stock or Common Stock  Equivalents  are issued.  The Corporation
         shall  notify the Holder in  writing,  no later than the  Business  Day
         following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock  Equivalents
         subject to this section,  indicating  therein the  applicable  issuance
         price, or of applicable reset price,  exchange price,  conversion price
         and other pricing terms (such notice,  the "Dilutive Issuance Notice").
         For purposes of clarification,  whether or not the Corporation provides
         a Dilutive  Issuance  Notice  pursuant to this Section  7(b),  upon the
         occurrence  of any Dilutive  Issuance,  after the date of such Dilutive
         Issuance  the  Holder is  entitled  to  receive a number of  Conversion
         Shares based upon the Base Share Price regardless of whether the Holder
         accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Notice of Conversion.

                  c) SUBSEQUENT  RIGHTS  OFFERINGS.  If the Corporation,  at any
         time while the  Preferred  Stock is  outstanding,  shall issue  rights,
         options or warrants to all holders of Common Stock (and not to Holders)
         entitling them to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock at a
         price  per  share  less  than  the  Closing  Price at the  record  date
         mentioned  below,  then the  Conversion  Price shall be multiplied by a
         fraction, of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of the
         Common  Stock  Outstanding  on the date of  issuance  of such rights or
         warrants plus the number of  additional  shares of Common Stock offered
         for  subscription or purchase,  and of which the numerator shall be the
         number  of  shares  of the  Common  Stock  Outstanding  on the  date of
         issuance of such rights or warrants plus the number of shares which the
         aggregate  offering  price of the total  number  of  shares so  offered
         (assuming  receipt  by the  Corporation  in full  of all  consideration
         payable  upon  exercise  of such  rights,  options or  warrants)  would
         purchase at such Closing Price.  Such adjustment shall be made whenever
         such  rights  or  warrants  are  issued,  and  shall  become  effective
         immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders
         entitled to receive such rights, options or warrants.

                  d) PRO RATA  DISTRIBUTIONS.  If the  Corporation,  at any time
         while Preferred Stock is outstanding,  shall  distribute to all holders
         of Common Stock (and not to Holders)  evidences of its  indebtedness or
         assets or rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any security,
         then in each such case the  Conversion  Price  shall be  determined  by
         multiplying  such Conversion Price in effect  immediately  prior to the
         record date fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to receive
         such  distribution by a fraction of which the denominator  shall be the
         Closing Price  determined as of the record date mentioned above, and of
         which the  numerator  shall be such  Closing  Price on such record date
         less the then fair  market  value at such record date of the portion of
         such assets or evidence of  indebtedness  so distributed  applicable to
         one outstanding share of the Common Stock as determined by the Board of
         Directors  in good  faith.  In  either  case the  adjustments  shall

                                       13
<PAGE>


         be described  in a statement  provided to the Holders of the portion of
         assets or evidences of indebtedness so distributed or such subscription
         rights  applicable to one share of Common Stock.  Such adjustment shall
         be made  whenever  any  such  distribution  is made  and  shall  become
         effective immediately after the record date mentioned above.

                  e) CALCULATIONS.  All calculations  under this Section 7 shall
         be made to the nearest cent or the nearest  1/100th of a share,  as the
         case may be. The number of shares of Common  Stock  outstanding  at any
         given time shall not include shares owned or held by or for the account
         of the  Corporation,  and the  description of any such shares of Common
         Stock  shall  be  considered  on  issue or sale of  Common  Stock.  For
         purposes of this Section 7, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed
         to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
         number of shares of Common Stock (excluding  treasury  shares,  if any)
         issued and outstanding.


                  f)    NOTICE TO HOLDERS.

                        i.   ADJUSTMENT  TO  CONVERSION   PRICE.   Whenever  the
                  Conversion  Price is adjusted  pursuant to any of this Section
                  7, the Corporation shall promptly mail to each Holder a notice
                  setting forth the Conversion  Price after such  adjustment and
                  setting forth a brief  statement of the facts  requiring  such
                  adjustment.   If  the  Corporation   issues  a  variable  rate
                  security,  despite  the  prohibition  thereon in the  Purchase
                  Agreement,  the  Corporation  shall be deemed  to have  issued
                  Common  Stock  or  Common  Stock  Equivalents  at  the  lowest
                  possible conversion or exercise price at which such securities
                  may be converted  or exercised in the case of a Variable  Rate
                  Transaction  (as defined in the  Purchase  Agreement),  or the
                  lowest  possible  adjustment  price  in  the  case  of an  MFN
                  Transaction.   The  term  "MFN   TRANSACTION"   shall  mean  a
                  transaction  in which  the  Corporation  issues  or sells  any
                  securities  in a  capital  raising  transaction  or  series of
                  related  transactions which grants to an investor the right to
                  receive  additional  shares based upon future  transactions of
                  the  Corporation on terms more favorable than those granted to
                  such investor in such  offering  (but not including  customary
                  anti-dilution   provisions   that  adjust  the  conversion  or
                  exercise price of outstanding securities).

                        ii.  NOTICE TO ALLOW  CONVERSION  BY HOLDER.  If (A) the
                  Corporation   shall   declare   a   dividend   (or  any  other
                  distribution) on the Common Stock;  (B) the Corporation  shall
                  declare  a  special   nonrecurring   cash  dividend  on  or  a
                  redemption  of the Common  Stock;  (C) the  Corporation  shall
                  authorize  the  granting  to all  holders of the Common  Stock
                  rights or warrants to subscribe  for or purchase any shares of
                  capital stock of any class or of any rights;  (D) the approval
                  of any  stockholders of the  Corporation  shall be required in
                  connection with any  reclassification of the Common Stock, any
                  consolidation  or merger to which the  Corporation is a party,
                  any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets
                  of the  Corporation,  of any compulsory share exchange whereby
                  the Common Stock is converted into other  securities,  cash or
                  property; (E) the Corporation shall authorize the voluntary or
                  involuntary  dissolution,  liquidation  or  winding  up


                                       14

<PAGE>

                  of the affairs of the  Corporation;  then,  in each case,  the
                  Corporation  shall  cause to be filed at each office or agency
                  maintained  for the  purpose of  conversion  of the  Preferred
                  Stock,  and shall  cause to be mailed to the  Holders at their
                  last  addresses  as they shall  appear upon the stock books of
                  the  Corporation,  at  least  20  calendar  days  prior to the
                  applicable record or effective date hereinafter  specified,  a
                  notice  stating  (x) the date on which a record is to be taken
                  for the purpose of such  dividend,  distribution,  redemption,
                  rights or  warrants,  or if a record  is not to be taken,  the
                  date as of which the holders of the Common  Stock of record to
                  be  entitled  to  such  dividend,  distributions,  redemption,
                  rights or  warrants  are to be  determined  or (y) the date on
                  which  such  reclassification,  consolidation,  merger,  sale,
                  transfer or share exchange is expected to become  effective or
                  close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of
                  the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their
                  shares  of the  Common  Stock  for  securities,  cash or other
                  property     deliverable    upon    such     reclassification,
                  consolidation,  merger,  sale,  transfer  or  share  exchange;
                  PROVIDED,  that the  failure to mail such notice or any defect
                  therein  or in  the  mailing  thereof  shall  not  affect  the
                  validity of the corporate  action  required to be specified in
                  such notice.  Holders are  entitled to convert the  Conversion
                  Amount of Preferred Stock during the 20-day period  commencing
                  the date of such  notice  to the  effective  date of the event
                  triggering such notice.

                        iii. FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION. If, at any time while this
                  Preferred  Stock is outstanding,  (A) the Corporation  effects
                  any merger or  consolidation  of the Corporation  with or into
                  another Person,  (B) the Corporation  effects any sale of more
                  than  50%  of  its  assets  in  one  or a  series  of  related
                  transactions,  (C) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether
                  by the Corporation or another Person) is completed pursuant to
                  which  holders  of  Common  Stock are  permitted  to tender or
                  exchange their shares for other securities,  cash or property,
                  or (D) the  Corporation  effects any  reclassification  of the
                  Common  Stock or any  compulsory  share  exchange  pursuant to
                  which  the  Common  Stock  is  effectively  converted  into or
                  exchanged for other securities,  cash or property (in any such
                  case, a "FUNDAMENTAL  TRANSACTION"),  then upon any subsequent
                  conversion of this Preferred  Stock, the Holder shall have the
                  right to receive,  for each  Conversion  Share that would have
                  been issuable  upon such  conversion  absent such  Fundamental
                  Transaction,  the same kind and amount of securities,  cash or
                  property as it would have been  entitled  to receive  upon the
                  occurrence  of such  Fundamental  Transaction  if it had been,
                  immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction,  the holder
                  of one share of Common Stock (the "ALTERNATE  Consideration").
                  For purposes of any such conversion,  the determination of the
                  Conversion Price shall be  appropriately  adjusted to apply to
                  such Alternate  Consideration based on the amount of Alternate
                  Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock
                  in such  Fundamental  Transaction,  and the Corporation  shall
                  apportion   the   Conversion   Price   among   the   Alternate
                  Consideration in a reasonable  manner  reflecting the relative
                  value   of  any   different   components   of  the   Alternate
                  Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice
                  as to the  securities,  cash or  property  to be received in a
                  Fundamental  Transaction,  then the Holder  shall be


                                       15
<PAGE>


                  given the same  choice as to the  Alternate  Consideration  it
                  receives upon any conversion of this Preferred Stock following
                  such  Fundamental  Transaction.  To the  extent  necessary  to
                  effectuate  the  foregoing  provisions,  any  successor to the
                  Corporation   or   surviving   entity   in  such   Fundamental
                  Transaction  shall file a new Certificate of Designation  with
                  the same  terms and  conditions  and issue to the  Holder  new
                  preferred stock  consistent with the foregoing  provisions and
                  evidencing the Holder's right to convert such preferred  stock
                  into  Alternate  Consideration.  The  terms  of any  agreement
                  pursuant to which a Fundamental  Transaction is effected shall
                  include terms requiring any such successor or surviving entity
                  to comply with the provisions of this  paragraph  (f)(iii) and
                  insuring that this  Preferred  Stock (or any such  replacement
                  security)  will be  similarly  adjusted  upon  any  subsequent
                  transaction analogous to a Fundamental Transaction.

                        iv. EXEMPT ISSUANCE.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  no
                  adjustment  will be made under this Section 7 in respect of an
                  Exempt Issuance.

                  SECTION 8.  REDEMPTION.

                  a) FIVE  YEAR  REDEMPTION.  On the  fifth  anniversary  of the
         Original Issue Date (the "FIVE YEAR REDEMPTION  DATE"), the Corporation
         shall redeem all of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, for
         an amount in cash or, if the  Equity  Conditions  are met during the 30
         days prior to and on the Five Year  Redemption Date and at the election
         of the Corporation,  in shares of Common Stock,  equal to the Five Year
         Redemption Amount (such redemption,  the "FIVE YEAR  REDEMPTION").  The
         Corporation  covenants  and agrees  that it will  honor all  Notices of
         Conversion  tendered  up  until  such  amounts  are  paid in  full.

                  b) REDEMPTION  PROCEDURE.  The payment of cash or Common Stock
         pursuant  to a Five  Year  Redemption  shall be made on the  Five  Year
         Redemption  Date.  If the  Corporation  elects  to pay  the  Five  Year
         Redemption  Amount in shares of  Common  Stock,  such  shares of Common
         Stock shall be valued  solely for such purpose at 90% of the average of
         the 30 Closing  Prices  immediately  prior to the Five Year  Redemption
         Date.  If any  portion of the cash or Common  Stock  payment for a Five
         Year Redemption  shall not be paid by the Corporation by the respective
         due date,  interest  shall accrue  thereon at the rate of 18% per annum
         (or the maximum rate  permitted by applicable  law,  whichever is less)
         until the such  payment,  plus all amounts  owing  thereon,  is paid in
         full.

                  c)  OPTIONAL  REDEMPTION.  Subject to the  provisions  of this
         Section  8(c), at any time prior to the Five Year  Redemption  Date the
         Corporation   may  deliver  a  notice  to  the  Holders  (an  "Optional
         Redemption  Notice"  and the  date  such  notice  is  deemed  delivered
         hereunder,  the "Optional  Redemption  Notice Date") of its irrevocable
         election  to redeem on the 30th  Trading  Day  following  the  Optional
         Redemption  Notice Date (such date, the "Optional  Redemption Date" and
         such redemption,  the "Optional  Redemption") all or a part of the then
         outstanding  Preferred  Stock,  for an  amount,  in

                                       16

<PAGE>



         cash, equal to the Optional  Redemption Amount. The Optional Redemption
         Amount is due in full on the Optional  Redemption Date. The Corporation
         may only tender an Optional  Redemption Notice if during the 20-Trading
         Day period  prior to the  Optional  Redemption  Notice Date through the
         Optional Redemption Date, each of the Equity Conditions shall have been
         met. If any of the Equity Conditions shall cease to be satisfied at any
         time during the required  period,  then the Holder may elect to nullify
         the Optional  Redemption  Notice by notice to the Corporation  within 3
         Trading Days after the first day on which any such Equity Condition has
         not been met  (provided  that if,  by a  provision  of the  Transaction
         Documents  the  Corporation  is  obligated  to notify the Holder of the
         non-existence  of an Equity  Condition,  such  notice  period  shall be
         extended  to the  third  Trading  Day  after  proper  notice  from  the
         Corporation) in which case the Optional Redemption Notice shall be null
         and void, ab initio. Any election by the Corporation under this Section
         8(c) shall be done on a pro rata basis with  respect to all of the then
         outstanding  shares of  Preferred  Stock.  If any  portion  of the cash
         payment for an Optional  Redemption pursuant to this Section 8(c) shall
         not be paid by the  Corporation by the  respective  due date,  interest
         shall accrue  thereon at the rate of 18% per annum (or the maximum rate
         permitted by  applicable  law,  whichever is less) until such  payment,
         plus all amounts owing thereon, is paid in full.

                  SECTION 9.   REDEMPTION UPON TRIGGERING EVENTS.

                  a)  "TRIGGERING  EVENT" means any one or more of the following
         events  (whatever  the reason  and  whether  it shall be  voluntary  or
         involuntary  or  effected  by  operation  of  law  or  pursuant  to any
         judgment,  decree  or  order  of any  court,  or  any  order,  rule  or
         regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

                        i.  the  failure  of a  Conversion  Shares  Registration
                  Statement  to be declared  effective by the  Commission  on or
                  prior to the 180th day after the Original Issue Date;

                        ii.   if,   during   the   Effectiveness   Period,   the
                  effectiveness of the Conversion Shares Registration  Statement
                  lapses  for  any  reason  for  more  than an  aggregate  of 25
                  calendar days (which need not be consecutive  days) during any
                  12 month  period,  or the  Holder  shall not be  permitted  to
                  resell  Registrable  Securities  under the  Conversion  Shares
                  Registration  Statement  for  more  than  an  aggregate  of 25
                  calendar days (which need not be consecutive  days) during any
                  12 month period;

                        iii. the Corporation shall fail to deliver  certificates
                  representing  Conversion  Shares  issuable  upon a  conversion
                  hereunder that comply with the provisions  hereof prior to the
                  5th Trading Day after such shares are required to be delivered
                  hereunder,  or the Corporation shall provide written notice to
                  any Holder,  including by way of public  announcement,  at any
                  time,  of  its  intention  not to  comply  with  requests  for
                  conversion of any shares of Preferred Stock in accordance with
                  the terms hereof;


                                       17
<PAGE>


                        iv. one of the Events  (as  defined in the  Registration
                  Rights Agreement)  described in subsections (i), (ii) or (iii)
                  of Section 2(b) of the Registration Rights Agreement shall not
                  have been cured to the  satisfaction  of the Holders  prior to
                  the  expiration  of 30 days from the Event Date (as defined in
                  the  Registration  Rights  Agreement)  relating thereto (other
                  than an Event resulting from a failure of a Conversion  Shares
                  Registration   Statement  to  be  declared  effective  by  the
                  Commission  on or prior to the 180th  day  after the  Original
                  Issue Date, which shall be covered by Section 9(a)(i));

                        v. the  Corporation  shall fail for any reason to pay in
                  full the amount of cash due pursuant to a Buy-In within 5 days
                  after notice therefor is delivered  hereunder or shall fail to
                  pay all amounts  owed on account of an Event  within five days
                  of the date due;

                        vi.  the  Corporation  shall  fail to have  available  a
                  sufficient  number  of  authorized  and  unreserved  shares of
                  Common  Stock  to  issue  to  such  Holder  upon a  conversion
                  hereunder;

                        vii.  the  Corporation  shall fail to observe or perform
                  any other  covenant,  agreement or warranty  contained  in, or
                  otherwise commit any breach of the Transaction Documents,  and
                  such   failure  or  breach   shall  not,  if  subject  to  the
                  possibility of a cure by the  Corporation,  have been remedied
                  within 30 calendar days after the date on which written notice
                  of such failure or breach shall have been given;

                        viii.  the  Corporation  shall  redeem  more  than  a de
                  minimis number of Junior Securities;

                        ix. there shall have occurred a Bankruptcy Event;

                        x. the  Corporation  shall enter into an agreement  that
                  provides for a Change of Control or Fundamental Transaction or
                  a Change of Control or Fundamental Transaction shall otherwise
                  occur; or

                        xi.  Common  Stock shall fail to be listed or quoted for
                  trading  on a Trading  Market  for more  than 5 Trading  Days,
                  which need not be consecutive Trading Days.

                  b) Upon the  occurrence  of a  Triggering  Event,  each Holder
         shall (in addition to all other  rights it may have  hereunder or under
         applicable law) have the right,  exercisable at the sole option of such
         Holder,  to  require  the  Corporation  to,  (i)  with  respect  to the
         Triggering Events set forth in Sections 9(a)(iii),  (v), (vii), (ix)(as
         to voluntary  filings only) or (x),  redeem all of the Preferred  Stock
         then held by such Holder for a redemption  price, in cash, equal to the
         Triggering  Redemption Amount; or, (ii) at


                                       18
<PAGE>


         the option of the Holder and with respect to the Triggering  Events set
         forth in  Sections  9(a)(i),  (ii),  (iv),  (vi),  (viii),  (ix)(as  to
         involuntary  filings  only)  and (xi),  either  (A)  redeem  all of the
         Preferred  Stock then held by such Holder for a  redemption  price,  in
         shares of  Common  Stock,  equal to a number of shares of Common  Stock
         equal to the Triggering Redemption Amount divided by 75% of the average
         of the 10  Closing  Prices  immediately  prior to the date of  election
         hereunder  or (B)  increase  the  dividend  on  all of the  outstanding
         Preferred Stock held by such Holder to equal 18% per annum  thereafter.
         The Triggering Redemption Amount, if in cash or in shares, shall be due
         and payable or issuable,  as the case may be,  within 5 Trading Days of
         the date on which the notice for the payment  therefor is provided by a
         Holder.  If the  Corporation  fails  to pay the  Triggering  Redemption
         Amount  hereunder  in full  pursuant  to this  Section on the date such
         amount is due in  accordance  with  this  Section  (whether  in cash or
         shares of Common Stock), the Corporation will pay interest thereon at a
         rate of 18% per annum (or such lesser  amount  permitted by  applicable
         law),  accruing  daily from such date until the  Triggering  Redemption
         Amount,  plus all such interest thereon,  is paid in full. For purposes
         of this Section,  a share of Preferred Stock is outstanding  until such
         date  as the  Holder  shall  have  received  Conversion  Shares  upon a
         conversion   (or   attempted   conversion)   thereof   that  meets  the
         requirements  hereof or has been paid the Triggering  Redemption Amount
         plus all  accrued  but  unpaid  dividends  and all  accrued  but unpaid
         liquidated damages in cash.

                  SECTION 10.    MISCELLANEOUS.

                  a)  NOTICES.  Any and all notices or other  communications  or
         deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder,  including, without
         limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered
         personally,  by facsimile,  sent by a nationally  recognized  overnight
         courier service, addressed to the Corporation, at the address set forth
         above,  facsimile number (604) 205-3984,  ATTN: NICHOLAS MILLER or such
         other address or facsimile  number as the  Corporation  may specify for
         such  purposes by notice to the Holders  delivered in  accordance  with
         this Section. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
         to be provided  by the  Corporation  hereunder  shall be in writing and
         delivered  personally,  by facsimile,  sent by a nationally  recognized
         overnight  courier  service  addressed to each Holder at the  facsimile
         telephone  number or address of such Holder  appearing  on the books of
         the  Corporation,  or if no such facsimile  telephone number or address
         appears,  at the principal place of business of the Holder.  Any notice
         or other  communication  or deliveries  hereunder shall be deemed given
         and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission,  if such
         notice or  communication  is delivered  via  facsimile at the facsimile
         telephone number specified in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York
         City  time),  (ii) the date  after  the date of  transmission,  if such
         notice or  communication  is delivered  via  facsimile at the facsimile
         telephone  number  specified in this Section  later than 5:30 p.m. (New
         York City time) on any date and earlier than 11:59 p.m.  (New York City
         time) on such date, (iii) the second Business Day following the date of
         mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service, or
         (iv) upon  actual  receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
         to be given.


                                       19
<PAGE>


                  b) ABSOLUTE  OBLIGATION.  Except as expressly provided herein,
         no provision of this  Certificate of Designation  shall alter or impair
         the obligation of the Corporation, which is absolute and unconditional,
         to pay the  liquidated  damages  (if any) on, the  shares of  Preferred
         Stock at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein
         prescribed.

                  c)  LOST  OR  MUTILATED  PREFERRED  STOCK  CERTIFICATE.  If  a
         Holder's  Preferred Stock certificate shall be mutilated,  lost, stolen
         or destroyed,  the Corporation  shall execute and deliver,  in exchange
         and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated  certificate,
         or in  lieu  of or in  substitution  for a lost,  stolen  or  destroyed
         certificate,  a new  certificate  for the shares of Preferred  Stock so
         mutilated,  lost, stolen or destroyed but only upon receipt of evidence
         of such loss,  theft or  destruction  of such  certificate,  and of the
         ownership  hereof,   and  indemnity,   if  requested,   all  reasonably
         satisfactory to the Corporation.

                  d) GOVERNING LAW. All questions  concerning the  construction,
         validity,   enforcement  and  interpretation  of  this  Certificate  of
         Designation  shall  be  governed  by  and  construed  and  enforced  in
         accordance  with the  internal  laws of the State of New York,  without
         regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees
         that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations,  enforcement
         and defense of the transactions  contemplated by any of the Transaction
         Documents  (whether  brought  against a party hereto or its  respective
         affiliates,  directors,  officers,  shareholders,  employees or agents)
         shall be commenced in the state and federal  courts sitting in the City
         of New York,  Borough of Manhattan (the "NEW YORK COURTS").  Each party
         hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive  jurisdiction of the
         New York Courts for the  adjudication  of any dispute  hereunder  or in
         connection  herewith  or with any  transaction  contemplated  hereby or
         discussed  herein  (including with respect to the enforcement of any of
         the Transaction  Documents),  and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees
         not to assert in any suit,  action or proceeding,  any claim that it is
         not personally  subject to the  jurisdiction of any such court, or such
         New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding.
         Each party hereby  irrevocably  waives personal  service of process and
         consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
         by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight
         delivery  (with  evidence of  delivery) to such party at the address in
         effect for  notices to it under this  Certificate  of  Designation  and
         agrees that such service shall  constitute good and sufficient  service
         of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed
         to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner  permitted
         by law. Each party hereto  hereby  irrevocably  waives,  to the fullest
         extent  permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury
         in any legal proceeding  arising out of or relating to this Certificate
         of Designation or the transactions contemplated hereby. If either party
         shall  commence an action or  proceeding  to enforce any  provisions of
         this  Certificate of  Designation,  then the  prevailing  party in such
         action or  proceeding  shall be  reimbursed  by the other party for its
         attorneys  fees  and  other  costs  and  expenses   incurred  with  the
         investigation,   preparation   and   prosecution   of  such  action  or
         proceeding.

                                       20

<PAGE>


                  e) WAIVER.  Any waiver by the  Corporation  or the Holder of a
         breach of any provision of this  Certificate of  Designation  shall not
         operate as or be  construed  to be a waiver of any other breach of such
         provision or of any breach of any other  provision of this  Certificate
         of Designation.  The failure of the Corporation or the Holder to insist
         upon strict adherence to any term of this Certificate of Designation on
         one or more occasions  shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that
         party of the right  thereafter to insist upon strict  adherence to that
         term or any other term of this  Certificate of Designation.  Any waiver
         must be in writing.

                  f)  SEVERABILITY.  If any  provision  of this  Certificate  of
         Designation is invalid,  illegal or unenforceable,  the balance of this
         Certificate of Designation shall remain in effect, and if any provision
         is inapplicable to any person or  circumstance,  it shall  nevertheless
         remain applicable to all other persons and  circumstances.  If it shall
         be found  that  any  interest  or  other  amount  deemed  interest  due
         hereunder violates applicable laws governing usury, the applicable rate
         of interest due hereunder shall  automatically  be lowered to equal the
         maximum permitted rate of interest.

                  g) NEXT BUSINESS DAY. Whenever any payment or other obligation
         hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment
         shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

                  h) HEADINGS. The headings contained herein are for convenience
         only, do not constitute a part of this  Certificate of Designation  and
         shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.
                              *********************










                                       21


<PAGE>


                                     ANNEX A

                              NOTICE OF CONVERSION

       (TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER IN ORDER TO CONVERT SHARES
                               OF PREFERRED STOCK)

The  undersigned  hereby  elects to convert  the number of shares of Series B 5%
Convertible  Preferred Stock indicated  below,  into shares of common stock, par
value $0.001 per share (the "COMMON  STOCK"),  of Cirond  Corporation,  a Nevada
corporation (the  "CORPORATION"),  according to the conditions hereof, as of the
date  written  below.  If shares are to be issued in the name of a person  other
than  undersigned,  the  undersigned  will pay all transfer  taxes  payable with
respect  thereto and is delivering  herewith such  certificates  and opinions as
reasonably requested by the Corporation in accordance therewith.  No fee will be
charged to the Holder for any  conversion,  except for such transfer  taxes,  if
any.

Conversion calculations:

       Date to Effect Conversion:
                                 -----------------------------------------------

       Number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to Conversion:
                                                                     -----------

       Number of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted:
                                                           ---------------------

       Stated Value of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted:
                                                                 ---------------

       Number of shares of Common Stock to be Issued:
                                                     ---------------------------

       Applicable Conversion Price:

       ------------------------------------------------------

       Number of shares of Preferred Stock subsequent to Conversion:
                                                                    ------------

                                    [HOLDER]

                                    By:
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:
                                       Title:









                                       22

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exh10-1_purchagmt.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXH 10-1 PURCHASE AGMT
<TEXT>











                                  EXHIBIT 10.1

               FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED AS OF
                DECEMBER 22, 2004 BETWEEN CIROND CORPORATION AND
                          THE PURCHASER NAMED THEREIN


<PAGE>


                          SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

         This Securities  Purchase  Agreement (this  "AGREEMENT") is dated as of
December  22,  2004,  among  Cirond  Corporation,   a  Nevada  corporation  (the
"COMPANY"),  and each purchaser  identified on the signature pages hereto (each,
including  its  successors  and assigns,  a  "PURCHASER"  and  collectively  the
"PURCHASERS").

         WHEREAS,  subject  to the  terms  and  conditions  set  forth  in  this
Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "SECURITIES ACT") and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder,  the Company desires
to issue  and sell to each  Purchaser,  and each  Purchaser,  severally  and not
jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more
fully described in this Agreement.

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in
this Agreement,  and for other good and valuable  consideration  the receipt and
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agrees
as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I.
                                   DEFINITIONS

         1.1      DEFINITIONS.  In addition to the terms  defined  elsewhere  in
this Agreement: (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have
the meanings given to such terms in the  Certificate of Designation  (as defined
herein), and (b) the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section
1.1:

                  "ACTION"  shall  have the  meaning  ascribed  to such  term in
         Section 3.1(j).

                  "ADDITIONAL  INVESTMENT RIGHT" means the Additional Investment
         Rights as  described  in Section  2.2(a)(iv),  in the form of EXHIBIT E
         attached hereto.

                  "ADDITIONAL  INVESTMENT RIGHT  SECURITIES" means the Preferred
         Stock and Warrants issuable upon exercise of the Additional  Investment
         Right.

                  "ADDITIONAL  INVESTMENT  RIGHT  SHARES"  means  the  shares of
         Common Stock  issuable  upon  conversion of the  Additional  Investment
         Right Securities.

                  "AFFILIATE"  means any Person  that,  directly  or  indirectly
         through one or more intermediaries,  controls or is controlled by or is
         under  common  control  with a  Person,  as such  terms are used in and
         construed  under Rule 144 under the  Securities  Act. With respect to a
         Purchaser,  any investment fund or managed account that is managed on a
         discretionary  basis by the same  investment  manager as such Purchaser
         will be deemed to be an Affiliate of such Purchaser.

<PAGE>

                  "CERTIFICATE   OF   DESIGNATION"   means  the  Certificate  of
         Designation  to be filed prior to the  Closing by the Company  with the
         Secretary of State of Nevada, in the form of EXHIBIT A attached hereto.

                  "CLOSING"  means the closing of the  purchase  and sale of the
         Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

                  "CLOSING   DATE"  means  the  Trading  Day  when  all  of  the
         Transaction   Documents   have  been  executed  and  delivered  by  the
         applicable  parties  thereto,  and all conditions  precedent to (i) the
         Purchasers'  obligations  to pay the  Subscription  Amount and (ii) the
         Company's  obligations to deliver the Securities have been satisfied or
         waived.

                  "CLOSING  PRICE"  means  on any  particular  date (a) the last
         reported  closing  bid price per share of Common  Stock on such date on
         the Trading  Market (as reported by Bloomberg L.P. at 4:15 PM (New York
         time),  or (b) if there is no such price on such date, then the closing
         bid price on the Trading Market on the date nearest preceding such date
         (as  reported  by  Bloomberg  L.P.  at 4:15 PM (New York  time) for the
         closing bid price for regular  session  trading on such day), or (c) if
         the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on the Trading Market and
         if prices for the Common Stock are then  reported in the "pink  sheets"
         published by the National  Quotation Bureau  Incorporated (or a similar
         organization  or  agency  succeeding  to  its  functions  of  reporting
         prices),  the most  recent bid price per share of the  Common  Stock so
         reported,  or (d) if the shares of Common  Stock are not then  publicly
         traded the fair market value of a share of Common  Stock as  determined
         by a  qualified  independent  appraiser  selected  in good faith by the
         Purchasers  of a  majority  in  interest  of the  Preferred  Stock then
         outstanding.

                  "COMMISSION" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.


                  "COMMON  STOCK"  means the common  stock of the  Company,  par
         value $0.001 per share, and any securities into which such common stock
         shall hereinafter have been reclassified.

                  "COMMON STOCK EQUIVALENTS" means any securities of the Company
         or the  Subsidiaries  which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
         at any time  Common  Stock,  including  without  limitation,  any debt,
         preferred stock, rights, options,  warrants or other instrument that is
         at any time convertible into or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles
         the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

                  "COMPANY COUNSEL" means Dill Dill Carr Stonbraker & Hutchings,
         P.C. with offices at 455 Sherman Street,  Suite 300,  Denver,  Colorado
         80203.

                  "CONVERSION  PRICE"  shall have the  meaning  ascribed to such
         term in the Certificate of Designation.

                  "DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES" shall have the meaning ascribed to such
         term in Section 3.1 hereof.


                                        2
<PAGE>

                  "EFFECTIVE DATE" means the date that the initial  Registration
         Statement  filed by the  Company  pursuant to the  Registration  Rights
         Agreement is first declared effective by the Commission.

                  "EXCHANGE ACT" means the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as
         amended.

                  "EXEMPT  ISSUANCE"  means the issuance of (a) shares of Common
         Stock or options to  employees,  officers or  directors  of the Company
         pursuant to any stock or option plan duly  adopted by a majority of the
         non-employee  members  of the Board of  Directors  of the  Company or a
         majority  of the  members  of a  committee  of  non-employee  directors
         established  for such purpose,  (b) securities  upon the exercise of or
         conversion of any securities  issued hereunder  (including the warrants
         issued to  Ascendiant  Securities,  LLC and the  Additional  Investment
         Right Securities),  convertible securities,  options or warrants issued
         and  outstanding  on the date of this  Agreement,  provided  that  such
         securities  have not been amended  since the date of this  Agreement to
         increase  the  number  of such  securities  and (c)  securities  issued
         pursuant to acquisitions or strategic  transactions,  provided any such
         issuance  shall only be to a Person  which is,  itself or  through  its
         subsidiaries,  an operating company in a business  synergistic with the
         business of the Company and in which the Company  receives  benefits in
         addition  to  the  investment  of  funds,   but  shall  not  include  a
         transaction  in which the Company is issuing  securities  primarily for
         the purpose of raising  capital or to an entity whose primary  business
         is investing in securities.

                  "FW" means Feldman Weinstein LLP with offices at 420 Lexington
         Avenue, Suite 2620, New York, New York 10170-0002.

                  "GAAP" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
         3.1(h) hereof.

                  "LIENS" means a lien, charge, security interest,  encumbrance,
         right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

                  "MATERIAL  ADVERSE EFFECT" shall have the meaning  assigned to
         such term in Section 3.1(b) hereof.

                  "MATERIAL  PERMITS"  shall have the  meaning  ascribed to such
         term in Section 3.1(m).

                  "PERSON"  means an  individual  or  corporation,  partnership,
         trust,  incorporated  or  unincorporated  association,  joint  venture,
         limited  liability  company,  joint stock  company,  government  (or an
         agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

                  "PREFERRED  STOCK"  means  the  up  to  6,000  shares  of  the
         Company's  Series B 5%  Convertible  Preferred  Stock issued  hereunder
         having  the  rights,  preferences  and  privileges  set  forth  in  the
         Certificate of Designation

                                       3
<PAGE>

                  "PROCEEDING" means an action,  claim,  suit,  investigation or
         proceeding (including,  without limitation, an investigation or partial
         proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

                  "REGISTRATION  RIGHTS AGREEMENT" means the Registration Rights
         Agreement, dated the date hereof, among the Company and the Purchasers,
         in the form of EXHIBIT B attached hereto.

                  "REGISTRATION   STATEMENT"  means  a  registration   statement
         meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement
         and covering  the resale of the  Underlying  Shares and the  Additional
         Investment  Right  Shares  by each  Purchaser  as  provided  for in the
         Registration Rights Agreement.

                  "REQUIRED  APPROVALS"  shall have the meaning ascribed to such
         term in Section 3.1(e).

                  "REQUIRED   MINIMUM"  means,  as  of  any  date,  the  maximum
         aggregate  number of shares of Common Stock then issued or  potentially
         issuable in the future pursuant to the Transaction Documents, including
         any Underlying  Shares  issuable upon exercise or conversion in full of
         all  Warrants,   Preferred  Stock  and  Additional  Investment  Rights,
         ignoring  any  conversion  or exercise  limits set forth  therein,  and
         assuming  that the  Conversion  Price is at all  times on and after the
         date of  determination  75% of the then Conversion Price on the Trading
         Day immediately prior to the date of determination.

                  "RULE  144"  means  Rule  144  promulgated  by the  Commission
         pursuant to the  Securities  Act, as such Rule may be amended from time
         to time,  or any similar rule or  regulation  hereafter  adopted by the
         Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

                  "SEC REPORTS" shall have the meaning  ascribed to such term in
         Section 3.1(h) hereof.

                  "SECURITIES"  means the Preferred  Stock,  the  Warrants,  the
         Underlying  Shares,  the Additional  Investment  Rights, the Additional
         Investment Right Securities and the Additional Investment Right Shares.

                  "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

                  "STATED VALUE" means $1,000 per share of Preferred Stock.

                  "SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT" means, as to each Purchaser, the amounts
         set forth below such Purchaser's signature block on the signature pages
         hereto, in United States Dollars and in immediately available funds.

                  "SUBSEQUENT FINANCING" shall have the meaning ascribed to such
         term in Section 4.13.

                                        4
<PAGE>

                  "SUBSIDIARY"  means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth
         on SCHEDULE 3.1(A).

                  "TRADING  DAY" means a day on which the Common Stock is traded
         on a Trading Market.

                  "TRADING  MARKET" means the following  markets or exchanges on
         which the Common  Stock is listed or quoted for  trading on the date in
         question:  the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, the American Stock Exchange, the
         New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq National Market or the OTC Bulletin
         Board.

                  "TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS" means this Agreement,  the Certificate
         of Designation,  the Warrants,  the Registration Rights Agreement,  the
         Additional  Investment  Right and any  other  documents  or  agreements
         executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

                  "UNDERLYING  SHARES" means the shares of Common Stock issuable
         upon conversion of the Preferred Stock and the Warrant Shares.

                  "WARRANTS"  means   collectively  the  Common  Stock  purchase
         warrants,  in the form of EXHIBIT C delivered to the  Purchasers at the
         Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof,  which Warrants shall
         be  exercisable  immediately  and  have a term of  exercise  equal to 5
         years.

                  "WARRANT  SHARES"  means the shares of Common  Stock  issuable
         upon exercise of the Warrants.


                                  ARTICLE II.
                                PURCHASE AND SALE

         2.1      CLOSING.  On the Closing  Date,  upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth herein,  concurrent  with the execution and delivery of
this  Agreement  by the parties  hereto,  the Company  agrees to sell,  and each
Purchaser agrees to purchase in the aggregate,  severally and not jointly, up to
$2,000,000 of shares of Preferred Stock with an aggregated Stated Value equal to
such Purchaser's  Subscription  Amount and Warrants as determined by pursuant to
Section  2.2(a)(iii).  Upon  satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section
2.2, the Closing shall occur at the offices of FW, or such other location as the
parties shall mutually agree.

         2.2      DELIVERIES.

                  a)       At or prior to the Closing  Date,  the Company  shall
                           deliver or cause to be  delivered  to each  Purchaser
                           the following:

                           (i)      this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

                           (ii)     a certificate  evidencing a number of shares
                                    of Preferred Stock equal to such Purchaser's
                                    Subscription  Amount  divided  by the

                                        5
<PAGE>

                                    Stated Value, registered in the name of such
                                    Purchaser;

                           (iii)    a  Warrant  registered  in the  name of such
                                    Purchaser  to  purchase  up to a  number  of
                                    shares of Common  Stock equal to 50% of such
                                    Purchaser's  aggregate  Subscription  Amount
                                    divided  by the  Conversion  Price,  with an
                                    exercise  price  equal to $0.55,  subject to
                                    adjustment therein;

                           (iv)     an Additional  Investment Right,  registered
                                    in the name of such  Purchaser,  pursuant to
                                    which such Purchaser shall have the right to
                                    purchase  up to such  Purchaser's  pro  rata
                                    share  (based  on the  number  of  shares of
                                    Preferred Stock  purchased  hereunder at the
                                    Closing) of up to  $4,000,000  of  preferred
                                    stock  and  warrants,  on  the  same  terms,
                                    prices and conditions of the Preferred Stock
                                    and Warrants issued hereunder;

                           (v)      the   Registration   Rights  Agreement  duly
                                    executed by the Company;

                           (vi)     a lock-up  agreement,  in the form  attached
                                    hereto  as  EXHIBIT  F,   executed  by  each
                                    officer and director of the Company; and

                           (vii)    a legal opinion of Company  Counsel,  in the
                                    form of EXHIBIT D attached hereto.

                  b)       At or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall
                           deliver or cause to be  delivered  to the Company the
                           following:

                           (i)      this   Agreement   duly   executed  by  such
                                    Purchaser;

                           (ii)     such  Purchaser's  Subscription  Amount,  by
                                    wire transfer to the account as specified in
                                    writing by the Company; and

                           (iii)    the   Registration   Rights  Agreement  duly
                                    executed by such Purchaser.

         2.3      CLOSING CONDITIONS.

                  a)       The   obligations   of  the  Company   hereunder   in
                           connection  with  the  Closing  are  subject  to  the
                           following conditions being met:

                           (i)      the accuracy in all material  respects  when
                                    made  and  on  the   Closing   Date  of  the
                                    representations   and   warranties   of  the
                                    Purchasers contained herein;

                           (ii)     all obligations, covenants and agreements of
                                    the  Purchasers  required to be performed at
                                    or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
                                    performed; and

                                        6
<PAGE>

                           (iii)    the delivery by the  Purchasers of the items
                                    set   forth  in   Section   2.2(b)  of  this
                                    Agreement.

                  b)       The   respective   obligations   of  the   Purchasers
                           hereunder in connection  with the Closing are subject
                           to the following conditions being met:

                           (i)      the accuracy in all material respects on the
                                    Closing  Date  of  the  representations  and
                                    warranties of the Company contained herein;

                           (ii)     all obligations, covenants and agreements of
                                    the Company  required to be  performed at or
                                    prior to the  Closing  Date  shall have been
                                    performed;

                           (iii)    the delivery by the Company of the items set
                                    forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

                           (iv)     there  shall have been no  Material  Adverse
                                    Effect with respect to the Company since the
                                    Closing Date;

                           (v)      from the date  hereof to the  Closing  Date,
                                    trading in the Common  Stock  shall not have
                                    been suspended by the Commission (except for
                                    any   suspension   of   trading  of  limited
                                    duration  agreed  to by the  Company,  which
                                    suspension  shall be terminated prior to the
                                    Closing),  and,  at any  time  prior  to the
                                    Closing   Date,    trading   in   securities
                                    generally as reported by Bloomberg Financial
                                    Markets  shall  not have been  suspended  or
                                    limited,  or minimum  prices  shall not have
                                    been  established on securities whose trades
                                    are  reported  by  such  service,  or on any
                                    Trading   Market,   nor   shall  a   banking
                                    moratorium  have been declared either by the
                                    United States or New York State  authorities
                                    nor shall there have  occurred  any material
                                    outbreak or  escalation  of  hostilities  or
                                    other national or international  calamity of
                                    such  magnitude  in its  effect  on,  or any
                                    material  adverse  change in, any  financial
                                    market   which,   in  each   case,   in  the
                                    reasonable judgment of each Purchaser, makes
                                    it  impracticable or inadvisable to purchase
                                    the Preferred Stock at the Closing; and

                           (vi)     the  Company   shall  have  entered  into  a
                                    written employment agreement with [CEO] with
                                    a minimum term of two years.

                                  ARTICLE III.
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

         3.1      REPRESENTATIONS  AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.  Except as set
forth under the corresponding  section of the disclosure  schedules delivered to
the  Purchasers   concurrently  herewith  (the  "DISCLOSURE   SCHEDULES")  which
Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part

                                       7
<PAGE>

hereof,  the Company hereby makes the  representations  and warranties set forth
below to each Purchaser.

                  (a)      SUBSIDIARIES.   All  of  the  direct   and   indirect
         subsidiaries  of the  Company  are set forth on  SCHEDULE  3.1(A).  The
         Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other
         equity  interests of each Subsidiary  free and clear of any Liens,  and
         all  the  issued  and  outstanding  shares  of  capital  stock  of each
         Subsidiary  are validly issued and are fully paid,  non-assessable  and
         free of  preemptive  and similar  rights to  subscribe  for or purchase
         securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries,  then references in the
         Transaction Documents to the Subsidiaries will be disregarded.

                  (b)      ORGANIZATION AND  QUALIFICATION.  Each of the Company
         and the  Subsidiaries  is an  entity  duly  incorporated  or  otherwise
         organized,  validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
         jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization (as applicable), with
         the  requisite  power and authority to own and use its  properties  and
         assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Each of the
         Company and the  Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and
         is in good  standing as a foreign  corporation  or other entity in each
         jurisdiction in which the nature of the business  conducted or property
         owned  by it makes  such  qualification  necessary,  except  where  the
         failure to be so  qualified  or in good  standing,  as the case may be,
         could not have or  reasonably  be  expected to result in (i) a material
         adverse  effect on the  legality,  validity  or  enforceability  of any
         Transaction Document,  (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of
         operations,  assets, business,  prospects or financial condition of the
         Company  and the  Subsidiaries,  taken as a whole,  or (iii) a material
         adverse  effect on the  Company's  ability to  perform in any  material
         respect  on a  timely  basis  its  obligations  under  any  Transaction
         Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a "MATERIAL  ADVERSE  EFFECT") and
         no Proceeding has been  instituted in any such  jurisdiction  revoking,
         limiting  or  curtailing  or seeking to revoke,  limit or curtail  such
         power and  authority  or  qualification.  Neither  the  Company nor any
         Subsidiary  is in violation or default of any of the  provisions of its
         respective  certificate or articles of  incorporation,  bylaws or other
         organizational  or charter  documents,  except where such  violation or
         default  could  not have or  reasonably  be  expected  to  result  in a
         Material Adverse Effect.

                  (c)      AUTHORIZATION;   ENFORCEMENT.  The  Company  has  the
         requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate
         the transactions  contemplated by each of the Transaction Documents and
         otherwise to carry out its  obligations  thereunder.  The execution and
         delivery of each of the  Transaction  Documents  by the Company and the
         consummation by it of the transactions  contemplated  thereby have been
         duly authorized by all necessary  action on the part of the Company and
         no further  action is required by the Company in  connection  therewith
         other than in connection with the Required Approvals.  Each Transaction
         Document has been (or upon  delivery  will have been) duly  executed by
         the Company and, when  delivered in  accordance  with the terms hereof,
         will  constitute  the  valid  and  binding  obligation  of the  Company
         enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms except (i)
         as  limited  by  applicable  bankruptcy,  insolvency,   reorganization,
         moratorium and other laws of general application

                                       8
<PAGE>

         affecting  enforcement  of  creditors'  rights  generally  and  (ii) as
         limited by laws relating to the  availability of specific  performance,
         injunctive relief or other equitable remedies.

                  (d)      NO CONFLICTS. The execution, delivery and performance
         of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the
         Company of the other transactions  contemplated thereby do not and will
         not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company's or any
         Subsidiary's certificate or articles of incorporation,  bylaws or other
         organizational  or  charter  documents,   or  (ii)  conflict  with,  or
         constitute  a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or
         both would become a default) under,  result in the creation of any Lien
         upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any  Subsidiary,
         or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
         cancellation  (with or without  notice,  lapse of time or both) of, any
         agreement,  credit  facility,  debt or other  instrument  (evidencing a
         Company or  Subsidiary  debt or otherwise)  or other  understanding  to
         which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property
         or asset of the  Company or any  Subsidiary  is bound or  affected,  or
         (iii) subject to the Required  Approvals,  conflict with or result in a
         violation of any law, rule, regulation,  order,  judgment,  injunction,
         decree or other  restriction of any court or governmental  authority to
         which the Company or a  Subsidiary  is subject  (including  federal and
         state  securities  laws and  regulations),  or by which any property or
         asset of the Company or a Subsidiary  is bound or  affected;  except in
         the case of each of clauses  (ii) and (iii),  such as could not have or
         reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (e)      FILINGS,  CONSENTS AND APPROVALS.  The Company is not
         required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give
         any notice to, or make any filing or  registration  with,  any court or
         other federal,  state, local or other  governmental  authority or other
         Person in connection  with the execution,  delivery and  performance by
         the Company of the Transaction Documents,  other than (i) the filing if
         the  Certificate  of  Designation,  (ii) filings  required  pursuant to
         Section 4.6, (iii) the filing with the  Commission of the  Registration
         Statement,  (iv) the notice and/or  application(s)  to each  applicable
         Trading  Market for the  issuance and sale of the  Preferred  Stock and
         Warrants,  the Additional  Investment Rights, the Additional Investment
         Right  Securities and the listing of the Underlying  Shares for trading
         thereon in the time and manner  required  thereby and (v) the filing of
         Form D with the  Commission and such filings as are required to be made
         under  applicable state  securities laws  (collectively,  the "REQUIRED
         APPROVALS").

                  (f)      ISSUANCE OF THE  SECURITIES.  The Securities are duly
         authorized  and,  when  issued  and  paid  for in  accordance  with the
         applicable  Transaction  Documents,  will be duly and  validly  issued,
         fully paid and  nonassessable,  free and clear of all Liens  imposed by
         the Company  other than  restrictions  on transfer  provided for in the
         Transaction Documents. The Underlying Shares, when issued in accordance
         with the terms of the  Transaction  Documents,  will be validly issued,
         fully paid and  nonassessable,  free and clear of all Liens  imposed by
         the Company.  The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital
         stock a number of shares of Common Stock for issuance of the Underlying
         Shares at least equal to the Required Minimum on the date hereof.

                                        9
<PAGE>

                  (g)      CAPITALIZATION.  The capitalization of the Company is
         as described in the Company's  most recent  periodic  report filed with
         the Commission. The Company has not issued any capital stock since such
         filing other than  pursuant to the exercise of employee  stock  options
         under the  Company's  stock  option  plans,  the  issuance of shares of
         Common  Stock to employees  pursuant to the  Company's  employee  stock
         purchase plan and pursuant to the conversion or exercise of outstanding
         Common  Stock  Equivalents.  No Person has any right of first  refusal,
         preemptive  right,  right of  participation,  or any  similar  right to
         participate  in  the  transactions   contemplated  by  the  Transaction
         Documents.  Except  as a  result  of  the  purchase  and  sale  of  the
         Securities,  there are no outstanding options,  warrants, script rights
         to  subscribe  to, calls or  commitments  of any  character  whatsoever
         relating to, or securities,  rights or obligations  convertible into or
         exchangeable  for, or giving any Person any right to  subscribe  for or
         acquire,  any  shares  of  Common  Stock,  or  contracts,  commitments,
         understandings  or  arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary
         is or may become  bound to issue  additional  shares of Common Stock or
         Common Stock Equivalents.  The issuance and sale of the Securities will
         not  obligate  the  Company  to issue  shares of Common  Stock or other
         securities  to any  Person  (other  than the  Purchasers)  and will not
         result in a right of any  holder of  Company  securities  to adjust the
         exercise,  conversion,  exchange or reset price under such  securities.
         All of the  outstanding  shares of  capital  stock of the  Company  are
         validly  issued,  fully  paid and  nonassessable,  have been  issued in
         compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such
         outstanding  shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or
         similar  rights to  subscribe  for or purchase  securities.  No further
         approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors of
         the  Company or others is  required  for the  issuance  and sale of the
         Securities. There are no stockholders agreements,  voting agreements or
         other similar agreements with respect to the Company's capital stock to
         which  the  Company  is a party or, to the  knowledge  of the  Company,
         between or among any of the Company's stockholders.

                  (h)      SEC REPORTS;  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS.  The Company has
         filed all reports  required to be filed by it under the  Securities Act
         and the  Exchange  Act,  including  pursuant to Section  13(a) or 15(d)
         thereof,  for the two years  preceding the date hereof (or such shorter
         period as the Company was required by law to file such  material)  (the
         foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto, being collectively
         referred  to  herein  as the "SEC  REPORTS")  on a timely  basis or has
         received  a valid  extension  of such time of filing  and has filed any
         such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such  extension.  As of
         their respective  dates, the SEC Reports in final amended form complied
         in all material  respects with the  requirements  of the Securities Act
         and the Exchange Act and the rules and  regulations  of the  Commission
         promulgated  thereunder,  and  none of the  SEC  Reports,  when  filed,
         contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a
         material  fact  required to be stated  therein or necessary in order to
         make the statements  therein, in light of the circumstances under which
         they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company
         included  in the SEC  Reports  comply  in all  material  respects  with
         applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the
         Commission  with  respect  thereto  as in effect at the time of filing.
         Such financial  statements have been prepared in accordance with United
         States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent
         basis during the periods involved

                                       10
<PAGE>

         ("GAAP"),  except  as may be  otherwise  specified  in  such  financial
         statements  or the notes  thereto and except that  unaudited  financial
         statements  may not contain all footnotes  required by GAAP, and fairly
         present in all material respects the financial  position of the Company
         and its  consolidated  subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and
         the results of  operations  and cash flows for the periods  then ended,
         subject, in the case of unaudited  statements,  to normal,  immaterial,
         year-end audit adjustments.

                  (i)      MATERIAL  CHANGES.  Since  the  date  of  the  latest
         audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, except as
         specifically disclosed in the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event,
         occurrence  or  development  that has had or that could  reasonably  be
         expected to result in a Material  Adverse Effect,  (ii) the Company has
         not incurred any liabilities  (contingent or otherwise)  other than (A)
         trade payables and accrued expenses  incurred in the ordinary course of
         business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required
         to be reflected in the Company's financial  statements pursuant to GAAP
         or required to be disclosed in filings made with the Commission,  (iii)
         the Company has not altered its method of accounting,  (iv) the Company
         has not declared or made any dividend or  distribution of cash or other
         property  to its  stockholders  or  purchased,  redeemed  or  made  any
         agreements  to purchase  or redeem any shares of its capital  stock and
         (v) the Company has not issued any equity  securities  to any  officer,
         director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option
         plans.  The Company does not have  pending  before the  Commission  any
         request for confidential treatment of information.

                  (j)      LITIGATION. There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice
         of violation,  proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge
         of the  Company,  threatened  against or  affecting  the  Company,  any
         Subsidiary  or any of  their  respective  properties  before  or by any
         court, arbitrator,  governmental or administrative agency or regulatory
         authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively,  an
         "ACTION")  which (i)  adversely  affects or  challenges  the  legality,
         validity or enforceability  of any of the Transaction  Documents or the
         Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable  decision,  have
         or  reasonably  be  expected  to result in a Material  Adverse  Effect.
         Neither  the Company nor any  Subsidiary,  nor any  director or officer
         thereof,  is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of
         violation of or liability  under federal or state  securities laws or a
         claim of  breach of  fiduciary  duty.  There  has not been,  and to the
         knowledge of the  Company,  there is not pending or  contemplated,  any
         investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or
         former  director  or officer of the  Company.  The  Commission  has not
         issued any stop order or other order  suspending the  effectiveness  of
         any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under
         the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

                  (k)      LABOR RELATIONS. No material labor dispute exists or,
         to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the
         employees of the Company  which could  reasonably be expected to result
         in a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (l)      COMPLIANCE.  Neither the  Company nor any  Subsidiary
         (i) is in default  under or in  violation of (and no event has occurred
         that has not been  waived  that, with

                                       11
<PAGE>
         notice  or lapse of time or both,  would  result  in a  default  by the
         Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary
         received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in
         violation  of, any  indenture,  loan or credit  agreement  or any other
         agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of
         its  properties is bound  (whether or not such default or violation has
         been  waived),  (ii)  is in  violation  of  any  order  of  any  court,
         arbitrator or  governmental  body, or (iii) is or has been in violation
         of any  statute,  rule or  regulation  of any  governmental  authority,
         including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws
         applicable  to its  business  except  in each  case as could not have a
         Material Adverse Effect.

                  (m)      REGULATORY PERMITS.  The Company and the Subsidiaries
         possess all  certificates,  authorizations  and  permits  issued by the
         appropriate  federal,  state, local or foreign  regulatory  authorities
         necessary to conduct  their  respective  businesses as described in the
         SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such permits could not
         have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material  Adverse  Effect
         ("MATERIAL  PERMITS"),  and neither the Company nor any  Subsidiary has
         received  any  notice of  proceedings  relating  to the  revocation  or
         modification of any Material Permit.

                  (n)      TITLE TO ASSETS.  The  Company  and the  Subsidiaries
         have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned
         by  them  that is  material  to the  business  of the  Company  and the
         Subsidiaries  and good and  marketable  title in all personal  property
         owned by them that is material  to the  business of the Company and the
         Subsidiaries,  in each  case free and clear of all  Liens,  except  for
         Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not
         materially  interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such
         property by the Company and the  Subsidiaries and Liens for the payment
         of  federal,  state or other  taxes,  the  payment  of which is neither
         delinquent  nor subject to penalties.  Any real property and facilities
         held under lease by the Company and the  Subsidiaries  are held by them
         under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases of which the Company and
         the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

                  (o)      PATENTS   AND   TRADEMARKS.   The   Company  and  the
         Subsidiaries  have,  or  have  rights  to  use,  all  patents,   patent
         applications,  trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade
         names, copyrights, licenses and other similar rights that are necessary
         or material for use in connection with their  respective  businesses as
         described  in the SEC  Reports  and which the  failure to so have could
         have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect  (collectively,   the  "INTELLECTUAL
         PROPERTY RIGHTS").  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received
         a written  notice  that the  Intellectual  Property  Rights used by the
         Company or any Subsidiary  violates or infringes upon the rights of any
         Person. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property
         Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another
         Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights of others.

                  (p)      INSURANCE.  The  Company  and  the  Subsidiaries  are
         insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such
         losses and risks and in such  amounts as are prudent and  customary  in
         the businesses in which the Company and the  Subsidiaries  are engaged,
         including,  but  not  limited  to,  directors  and  officers  insurance
         coverage at

                                       12
<PAGE>

         least  equal  to the  aggregate  Subscription  Amounts.  To the best of
         Company's knowledge, such insurance contracts and policies are accurate
         and complete.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to
         believe  that it  will  not be able to  renew  its  existing  insurance
         coverage  as and  when  such  coverage  expires  or to  obtain  similar
         coverage  from  similar  insurers as may be  necessary  to continue its
         business without a significant increase in cost.

                  (q)      TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES AND EMPLOYEES. Except as
         set forth in the SEC Reports,  none of the officers or directors of the
         Company and, to the knowledge of the Company,  none of the employees of
         the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or
         any  Subsidiary  (other than for  services as  employees,  officers and
         directors),  including  any  contract,  agreement or other  arrangement
         providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental
         of real  or  personal  property  to or  from,  or  otherwise  requiring
         payments to or from any officer,  director or such  employee or, to the
         knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or
         any  such  employee  has a  substantial  interest  or  is  an  officer,
         director,  trustee or partner,  in each case in excess of $60,000 other
         than  (i) for  payment  of  salary  or  consulting  fees  for  services
         rendered,  (ii)  reimbursement  for expenses  incurred on behalf of the
         Company and (iii) for other employee  benefits,  including stock option
         agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

                  (r)      SARBANES-OXLEY;  INTERNAL  ACCOUNTING  CONTROLS.  The
         Company  is  in  material   compliance   with  all  provisions  of  the
         Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 which are applicable to it as of the Closing
         Date.  The Company and the  Subsidiaries  maintain a system of internal
         accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i)
         transactions  are executed in accordance with  management's  general or
         specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to
         permit preparation of financial  statements in conformity with GAAP and
         to maintain asset  accountability,  (iii) access to assets is permitted
         only in accordance with management's general or specific authorization,
         and (iv) the recorded  accountability  for assets is compared  with the
         existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
         with respect to any differences. The Company has established disclosure
         controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
         15d-15(e))  for the Company and designed such  disclosure  controls and
         procedures to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
         including its Subsidiaries, is made known to the certifying officers by
         others within those entities,  particularly  during the period in which
         the Company's most recently  filed  periodic  report under the Exchange
         Act, as the case may be, is being  prepared.  The Company's  certifying
         officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's controls and
         procedures as of the date prior to the filing date of the most recently
         filed   periodic   report  under  the  Exchange  Act  (such  date,  the
         "EVALUATION  DATE").  The Company  presented in its most recently filed
         periodic   report  under  the  Exchange  Act  the  conclusions  of  the
         certifying  officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
         and procedures  based on their  evaluations as of the Evaluation  Date.
         Since the Evaluation  Date,  there have been no significant  changes in
         the Company's internal controls (as such term is defined in Item 307(b)
         of  Regulation  S-K  under  the  Exchange

                                       13
<PAGE>

         Act) or,  to the  Company's  knowledge,  in other  factors  that  could
         significantly affect the Company's internal controls.

                  (s)      CERTAIN  FEES.  No  brokerage  or  finder's  fees  or
         commissions  are or will  be  payable  by the  Company  to any  broker,
         financial advisor or consultant,  finder,  placement agent,  investment
         banker,   bank  or  other  Person  with  respect  to  the  transactions
         contemplated by this Agreement. The Purchasers shall have no obligation
         with  respect to any fees or with  respect to any claims  made by or on
         behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section
         that may be due in connection  with the  transactions  contemplated  by
         this Agreement.

                  (t)      PRIVATE  PLACEMENT.  Assuming  the  accuracy  of  the
         Purchasers  representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no
         registration  under the  Securities  Act is required  for the offer and
         sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated
         hereby.  The issuance  and sale of the  Securities  hereunder  does not
         contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

                  (u)      INVESTMENT COMPANY. The Company is not, and is not an
         Affiliate  of,  and  immediately  after  receipt  of  payment  for  the
         Securities,  will not be or be an Affiliate of, an "investment company"
         within the meaning of the  Investment  Company Act of 1940, as amended.
         The Company  shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not
         become subject to the Investment Company Act.

                  (v)      REGISTRATION RIGHTS. No Person has any right to cause
         the Company to effect the registration  under the Securities Act of any
         securities of the Company.

                  (w)      LISTING AND MAINTENANCE  REQUIREMENTS.  The Company's
         Common Stock is  registered  pursuant to Section  12(g) of the Exchange
         Act,  and the Company has taken no action  designed to, or which to its
         knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
         of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received
         any notification that the Commission is contemplating  terminating such
         registration.  The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date
         hereof,  received  notice from any  Trading  Market on which the Common
         Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is
         not in compliance with the listing or maintenance  requirements of such
         Trading  Market.  The Company is, and has no reason to believe  that it
         will not in the  foreseeable  future continue to be, in compliance with
         all such listing and maintenance requirements.

                  (x)      APPLICATION OF TAKEOVER PROTECTIONS.  The Company and
         its Board of  Directors  have taken all  necessary  action,  if any, in
         order to render  inapplicable any control share  acquisition,  business
         combination,  poison pill  (including any  distribution  under a rights
         agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Company's
         Certificate of Incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws
         of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the
         Purchasers  as a result of the  Purchasers  and the Company  fulfilling
         their  obligations  or  exercising  their rights under

                                       14
<PAGE>

         the Transaction Documents,  including without limitation as a result of
         the Company's issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers'  ownership
         of the Securities.

                  (y)      DISCLOSURE.  The Company confirms that neither it nor
         any  other  Person  acting  on  its  behalf  has  provided  any  of the
         Purchasers  or  their  agents  or  counsel  with any  information  that
         constitutes or might constitute material,  nonpublic  information.  The
         Company  understands  and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the
         foregoing  representations  and covenants in effecting  transactions in
         securities of the Company.  All  disclosure  provided to the Purchasers
         regarding the Company,  its business and the transactions  contemplated
         hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, furnished
         by or on behalf of the Company with respect to the  representations and
         warranties  made  herein  are true and  correct  with  respect  to such
         representations  and warranties and do not contain any untrue statement
         of a material  fact or omit to state any  material  fact  necessary  in
         order  to  make  the   statements   made  therein,   in  light  of  the
         circumstances  under which they were made, not misleading.  The Company
         acknowledges  and  agrees  that no  Purchaser  makes  or has  made  any
         representations   or  warranties  with  respect  to  the   transactions
         contemplated  hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section
         3.2 hereof.

                  (z)      NO INTEGRATED OFFERING.  Assuming the accuracy of the
         Purchasers'  representations  and  warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
         neither the Company,  nor any of its affiliates,  nor any Person acting
         on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly,  made any offers or
         sales of any  security  or  solicited  any offers to buy any  security,
         under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to
         be integrated  with prior  offerings by the Company for purposes of the
         Securities  Act  or any  applicable  shareholder  approval  provisions,
         including,  without limitation,  under the rules and regulations of any
         exchange or automated  quotation  system on which any of the securities
         of the Company are listed or designated.

                  (aa)     SOLVENCY.  Based on the  financial  condition  of the
         Company as of the Closing  Date after  giving  effect to the receipt by
         the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities  hereunder,
         (i) the Company's  fair saleable value of its assets exceeds the amount
         that will be  required  to be paid on or in  respect  of the  Company's
         existing  debts  and  other  liabilities  (including  known  contingent
         liabilities)  as  they  mature;   (ii)  the  Company's  assets  do  not
         constitute  unreasonably small capital to carry on its business for the
         current  fiscal year as now  conducted  and as proposed to be conducted
         including its capital needs taking into account the particular  capital
         requirements  of the business  conducted by the Company,  and projected
         capital  requirements and capital  availability  thereof; and (iii) the
         current  cash  flow of the  Company,  together  with the  proceeds  the
         Company would  receive,  were it to liquidate all of its assets,  after
         taking  into  account  all  anticipated  uses  of the  cash,  would  be
         sufficient  to pay all  amounts  on or in respect of its debt when such
         amounts are  required to be paid.  The Company does not intend to incur
         debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature  (taking into
         account  the timing and  amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect
         of  its  debt).   The  Company  has  no   knowledge  of  any  facts  or
         circumstances   which  lead  it  to  believe  that  it  will  file  for
         reorganization  or liquidation  under the bankruptcy or  reorganization
         laws of

                                       15
<PAGE>

         any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. The SEC Reports
         set forth as of the dates thereof all outstanding secured and unsecured
         Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company
         or any Subsidiary has commitments.  For the purposes of this Agreement,
         "INDEBTEDNESS"  shall mean (a) any  liabilities  for borrowed  money or
         amounts owed in excess of $50,000  (other than trade  accounts  payable
         incurred  in the  ordinary  course of  business),  (b) all  guaranties,
         endorsements   and  other   contingent   obligations   in   respect  of
         Indebtedness  of  others,  whether  or not the  same are or  should  be
         reflected in the Company's balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except
         guaranties  by  endorsement  of negotiable  instruments  for deposit or
         collection or similar  transactions in the ordinary course of business;
         and (c) the  present  value of any lease  payments in excess of $50,000
         due under leases  required to be capitalized  in accordance  with GAAP.
         Neither the Company nor any  Subsidiary  is in default  with respect to
         any Indebtedness.

                  (bb)     TAX  STATUS.  Except  for  matters  that  would  not,
         individually  or in the  aggregate,  have or  reasonably be expected to
         result in a Material  Adverse  Effect,  the Company and each Subsidiary
         has filed all necessary federal, state and foreign income and franchise
         tax returns and has paid or accrued all taxes shown as due thereon, and
         the  Company  has no  knowledge  of a tax  deficiency  which  has  been
         asserted or threatened against the Company or any Subsidiary.

                  (cc)     NO GENERAL SOLICITATION.  Neither the Company nor any
         person  acting on behalf of the  Company has offered or sold any of the
         Securities by any form of general  solicitation or general advertising.
         The Company has offered the  Securities for sale only to the Purchasers
         and certain other "accredited investors" within the meaning of Rule 501
         under the Securities Act.

                  (dd)     FOREIGN CORRUPT PRACTICES.  Neither the Company,  nor
         to the  knowledge of the Company,  any agent or other person  acting on
         behalf of the Company, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any corrupt
         funds  for  unlawful  contributions,   gifts,  entertainment  or  other
         unlawful  expenses related to foreign or domestic  political  activity,
         (ii) made any  unlawful  payment  to  foreign  or  domestic  government
         officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic  political parties
         or campaigns from corporate  funds,  (iii) failed to disclose fully any
         contribution  made by the Company (or made by any person  acting on its
         behalf of which the Company is aware)  which is in violation of law, or
         (iv)  violated in any  material  respect any  provision  of the Foreign
         Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended

                  (ee)     ACCOUNTANTS.  The Company's accountants are set forth
         on  SCHEDULE  3.1(FF)  of the  Disclosure  Schedule.  To the  Company's
         knowledge, such accountants, who the Company expects will express their
         opinion with respect to the financial  statements to be included in the
         Company's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ending December 31,
         2004  are a  registered  public  accounting  firm  as  required  by the
         Securities Act.

                  (ff)     SENIORITY. As of the Closing Date, no indebtedness or
         other equity of the Company is senior to the  Preferred  Stock in right
         of payment,  whether  with respect to

                                       16
<PAGE>

         interest or upon liquidation or dissolution,  or otherwise,  other than
         indebtedness  secured by purchase  money security  interests  (which is
         senior only as to underlying  assets covered thereby) and capital lease
         obligations (which is senior only as to the property covered thereby).

                  (gg)     NO DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS AND LAWYERS.  There
         are no  disagreements  of any kind  presently  existing,  or reasonably
         anticipated  by the  Company  to arise,  between  the  accountants  and
         lawyers  formerly or presently  employed by the Company and the Company
         is  current  with  respect  to any  fees  owed to its  accountants  and
         lawyers.

                  (hh)     ACKNOWLEDGMENT   REGARDING  PURCHASERS'  PURCHASE  OF
         SECURITIES.  The  Company  acknowledges  and  agrees  that  each of the
         Purchasers  is  acting  solely  in  the  capacity  of an  arm's  length
         purchaser   with  respect  to  the   Transaction   Documents   and  the
         transactions contemplated hereby. The Company further acknowledges that
         no  Purchaser  is acting as a  financial  advisor or  fiduciary  of the
         Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and
         the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  and any  advice  given  by any
         Purchaser  or any of their  respective  representatives  or  agents  in
         connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
         is merely incidental to the Purchasers' purchase of the Securities. The
         Company  further  represents  to  each  Purchaser  that  the  Company's
         decision  to enter into this  Agreement  has been  based  solely on the
         independent  evaluation of the transactions  contemplated hereby by the
         Company and its representatives.

         3.2      REPRESENTATIONS   AND  WARRANTIES  OF  THE  PURCHASERS.   Each
Purchaser hereby, for itself and for no other Purchaser, represents and warrants
as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows:

                  (a)      ORGANIZATION;  AUTHORITY. Such Purchaser is an entity
         duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
         the  jurisdiction  of its  organization  with full right,  corporate or
         partnership  power and  authority to enter into and to  consummate  the
         transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to
         carry out its  obligations  thereunder.  The  execution,  delivery  and
         performance by such Purchaser of the transactions  contemplated by this
         Agreement  have been duly  authorized  by all  necessary  corporate  or
         similar action on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document
         to which it is a party has been duly  executed by such  Purchaser,  and
         when delivered by such  Purchaser in accordance  with the terms hereof,
         will  constitute  the  valid and  legally  binding  obligation  of such
         Purchaser,  enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except
         (i)  as  limited  by  general   equitable   principles  and  applicable
         bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium and other laws of
         general   application   affecting   enforcement  of  creditors'  rights
         generally,  (ii) as limited by laws  relating  to the  availability  of
         specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and
         (iii) insofar as  indemnification  and  contribution  provisions may be
         limited by applicable law.

                                       17
<PAGE>

                  (b)      PURCHASER REPRESENTATION.  Such Purchaser understands
         that  the  Securities  are  "restricted  securities"  and have not been
         registered  under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
         law and is acquiring  the  Securities  as principal for its own account
         and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities
         or any part thereof,  has no present  intention of distributing  any of
         such Securities and has no arrangement or understanding  with any other
         persons   regarding  the   distribution   of  such   Securities   (this
         representation and warranty not limiting such Purchaser's right to sell
         the Securities  pursuant to the Registration  Statement or otherwise in
         compliance with applicable  federal and state  securities  laws).  Such
         Purchaser is acquiring the Securities  hereunder in the ordinary course
         of its  business.  Such  Purchaser  does  not  have  any  agreement  or
         understanding,  directly or  indirectly,  with any Person to distribute
         any of the Securities.

                  (c)      PURCHASER  STATUS.  At the time  such  Purchaser  was
         offered the  Securities,  it was,  and at the date hereof it is, and on
         the  Closing  Date  and  date on which it  exercises  any  Warrants  or
         Additional Investment Right or converts any Preferred Stock it will be,
         an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule 501(a)(1),  (a)(2), (a)(3),
         (a)(7) or (a)(8)  under  the  Securities  Act.  Such  Purchaser  is not
         required to be  registered as a  broker-dealer  under Section 15 of the
         Exchange Act.

                  (d)      EXPERIENCE OF SUCH PURCHASER. Such Purchaser,  either
         alone  or  together  with  its  representatives,  has  such  knowledge,
         sophistication  and experience in business and financial  matters so as
         to be capable  of  evaluating  the merits and risks of the  prospective
         investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks
         of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
         an  investment in the  Securities  and, at the present time, is able to
         afford a complete loss of such investment.

                  (e)      GENERAL   SOLICITATION.   Such   Purchaser   is   not
         purchasing  the Securities as a result of any  advertisement,  article,
         notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any
         newspaper,  magazine or similar media or broadcast  over  television or
         radio or presented at any seminar or any other general  solicitation or
         general advertisement.

                  (f)      SHORT SALES.  Each Purchaser  represents  that during
         the sixty days prior to the date hereof to the date hereof,  neither it
         nor any Person over which the Purchaser has direct  control,  have made
         any purchases or sales of, or granted any option for the purchase of or
         entered into any hedging or similar  transaction with the same economic
         effect as a net short sale, of the Common Stock.

                  (g)      DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION; INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION.
         Such  Purchaser has received,  read,  carefully  considered,  and fully
         understands this Agreement and all documents related to the Company and
         its operations  required by and furnished to such Purchaser.  In making
         its decision to invest in the  Securities,  such  Purchaser  has relied
         upon the independent  investigations made by such Purchaser and by such
         Purchaser's own professional advisors. Such Purchaser and its advisors,
         if any, have been given the  opportunity to obtain  information  and to
         examine this  Agreement  and certain  other

                                       18
<PAGE>

         information  regarding  the  Company  and to ask  questions  of, and to
         receive answers from, the Company or any Person acting on the Company's
         behalf concerning the Securities, the Company, and terms and conditions
         of this investment,  and to obtain any additional information to verify
         the  accuracy  of  any  information  previously  furnished.   All  such
         questions have been answered to such Purchaser's full satisfaction.

                  The Company  acknowledges  and agrees that each Purchaser does
         not make or has not made any representations or warranties with respect
         to the transactions  contemplated  hereby other than those specifically
         set forth in this Section 3.2.

                                  ARTICLE IV.
                         OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

         4.1      TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS.

                  (a)      The  Securities may only be disposed of in compliance
         with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer
         of  Securities  other  than  pursuant  to  an  effective   registration
         statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an affiliate of a Purchaser
         or in connection with a pledge as  contemplated in Section 4.1(b),  the
         Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an
         opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable
         to the  Company,  the form and  substance  of  which  opinion  shall be
         reasonably  satisfactory  to the  Company,  to  the  effect  that  such
         transfer does not require  registration of such transferred  Securities
         under  the  Securities  Act.  As a  condition  of  transfer,  any  such
         transferee  shall  agree in  writing  to be bound by the  terms of this
         Agreement and shall have the rights of a Purchaser under this Agreement
         and the Registration Rights Agreement.

                  (b)      The Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is
         required by this Section  4.1(b),  of a legend on any of the Securities
         in the following form:

         [NEITHER]  THESE  SECURITIES  [NOR  THE  SECURITIES  INTO  WHICH  THESE
         SECURITIES ARE [EXERCISABLE]  [CONVERTIBLE]]  HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH
         THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES  COMMISSION OF
         ANY STATE IN RELIANCE  UPON AN EXEMPTION  FROM  REGISTRATION  UNDER THE
         SECURITIES  ACT OF  1933,  AS  AMENDED  (THE  "SECURITIES  ACT"),  AND,
         ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
         REGISTRATION  STATEMENT  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OR  PURSUANT  TO AN
         AVAILABLE  EXEMPTION  FROM,  OR IN A  TRANSACTION  NOT  SUBJECT TO, THE
         REGISTRATION  REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH
         APPLICABLE  STATE  SECURITIES  LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL  OPINION OF
         COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT,  THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL
         BE  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE  TO THE COMPANY.  THESE  SECURITIES  AND THE
         SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THESE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN
         CONNECTION  WITH

                                       19
<PAGE>

         A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

                  The Company  acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from
         time to time pledge  pursuant to a bona fide  margin  agreement  with a
         registered broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of
         the  Securities  to a  financial  institution  that  is an  "accredited
         investor"  as defined in Rule 501(a) under the  Securities  Act and who
         agrees  to be  bound  by the  provisions  of  this  Agreement  and  the
         Registration  Rights Agreement and, if required under the terms of such
         arrangement,  such Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Securities
         to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not
         be subject to approval  of the  Company  and no legal  opinion of legal
         counsel of the pledgee,  secured  party or pledgor shall be required in
         connection  therewith.  Further,  no notice  shall be  required of such
         pledge.  At the  appropriate  Purchaser's  expense,  the  Company  will
         execute  and  deliver  such  reasonable  documentation  as a pledgee or
         secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a
         pledge or transfer of the Securities,  including, if the Securities are
         subject to registration  pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement,
         the preparation and filing of any required prospectus  supplement under
         Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other  applicable  provision
         of the  Securities  Act to  appropriately  amend  the  list of  Selling
         Stockholders thereunder.

                  (c)      Certificates  evidencing the Underlying  Shares shall
         not  contain  any  legend  (including  the  legend set forth in Section
         4.1(b)  hereof):  (i) while a  registration  statement  (including  the
         Registration  Statement)  covering  the  resale  of  such  security  is
         effective  under the Securities Act, or (ii) following any sale of such
         Underlying  Shares  pursuant to Rule 144,  or (iii) if such  Underlying
         Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144(k),  or (iv) if such legend
         is not required  under  applicable  requirements  of the Securities Act
         (including judicial  interpretations  and pronouncements  issued by the
         staff of the Commission).  The Company shall cause its counsel to issue
         a legal  opinion to the Company's  transfer  agent  promptly  after the
         Effective  Date if required by the Company's  transfer  agent to effect
         the removal of the legend hereunder.  If all or any shares of Preferred
         Stock, Warrant or Additional Investment Rights Security is converted or
         exercised  (as  applicable)  at a  time  when  there  is  an  effective
         registration statement to cover the resale of the Underlying Shares, or
         if such  Underlying  Shares may be sold  under  Rule  144(k) or if such
         legend is not otherwise  required under applicable  requirements of the
         Securities Act (including judicial  interpretations  thereof) then such
         Underlying  Shares  shall be issued  free of all  legends.  The Company
         agrees that following the Effective Date or at such time as such legend
         is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than
         three Trading Days following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company
         or  the  Company's   transfer  agent  of  a  certificate   representing
         Underlying  Shares,  as  applicable,  issued with a restrictive  legend
         (such third Trading Day, the "LEGEND REMOVAL  DATE"),  deliver or cause
         to be  delivered  to such  Purchaser a  certificate  representing  such
         shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company
         may not make any  notation on its records or give  instructions  to any
         transfer agent of the Company that enlarge the restrictions on transfer
         set forth in this  Section.  Certificates  for  Securities  subject  to
         legend removal  hereunder shall be transmitted by the

                                       20
<PAGE>

         transfer  agent of the  Company  to the  Purchasers  by  crediting  the
         account of the  Purchaser's  prime  broker  with the  Depository  Trust
         Company System.

                  (d)      In  addition  to  such  Purchaser's  other  available
         remedies,  the Company  shall pay to a Purchaser,  in cash,  as partial
         liquidated damages and not as a penalty,  for each $1,000 of Underlying
         Shares (based on the Closing Price of the Common Stock on the date such
         Securities are submitted to the Company's transfer agent) delivered for
         removal of the  restrictive  legend and subject to this Section 4.1(c),
         $10 per Trading Day  (increasing  to $20 per Trading Day 5 Trading Days
         after such damages have begun to accrue) for each Trading Day after the
         Legend  Removal  Date until such  certificate  is  delivered  without a
         legend.  Nothing  herein shall limit such  Purchaser's  right to pursue
         actual  damages  for the  Company's  failure  to  deliver  certificates
         representing  any Securities as required by the Transaction  Documents,
         and  such  Purchaser  shall  have  the  right to  pursue  all  remedies
         available to it at law or in equity including,  without  limitation,  a
         decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

                  (e)      Each  Purchaser,  severally  and not jointly with the
         other  Purchasers,  agrees that the removal of the  restrictive  legend
         from certificates  representing Securities as set forth in this Section
         4.1 is predicated  upon the Company's  reliance that the Purchaser will
         sell any Securities pursuant to either the registration requirements of
         the  Securities  Act,  including  any  applicable  prospectus  delivery
         requirements, or an exemption therefrom.

                  (f)      Until the date that each  Purchaser  holds  less than
         20% of the shares of Preferred Stock initially  purchased  hereunder by
         such  Purchaser,  the Company  shall not undertake a reverse or forward
         stock split or  reclassification  of the Common Stock without the prior
         written consent of the Purchasers holding a majority in interest of the
         outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.

         4.2      ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF DILUTION.  The Company acknowledges that the
issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the  outstanding  shares of
Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions.
The Company  further  acknowledges  that its  obligations  under the Transaction
Documents,  including without  limitation its obligation to issue the Underlying
Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents, are unconditional and absolute and
not  subject  to any  right  of  set  off,  counterclaim,  delay  or  reduction,
regardless  of the effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have
against any Purchaser and  regardless of the dilutive  effect that such issuance
may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

         4.3      FURNISHING  OF  INFORMATION.  As  long as any  Purchaser  owns
Securities,  the  Company  covenants  to timely  file (or obtain  extensions  in
respect  thereof  and file  within the  applicable  grace  period)  all  reports
required  to be filed by the  Company  after  the date  hereof  pursuant  to the
Exchange Act. As long as any Purchaser  owns  Securities,  if the Company is not
required to file  reports  pursuant  to the  Exchange  Act, it will  prepare and
furnish to the  Purchasers and make publicly  available in accordance  with Rule
144(c) such information as is required for the Purchasers to sell the Securities
under Rule 144.  The Company  further  covenants  that it will take such further
action as any holder of Securities  may  reasonably  request,

                                       21
<PAGE>

all to the extent  required from time to time to enable such Person to sell such
Securities  without  registration under the Securities Act within the limitation
of the exemptions provided by Rule 144.

         4.4      INTEGRATION.  The  Company  shall not sell,  offer for sale or
solicit  offers to buy or  otherwise  negotiate  in respect of any  security (as
defined in Section 2 of the  Securities  Act) that would be integrated  with the
offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the  registration
under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities to the Purchasers or that
would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the
rules and regulations of any Trading Market.

         4.5      CONVERSION  AND  EXERCISE  PROCEDURES.  The form of  Notice of
Exercise included in the Warrants,  the form of Notice of Conversion included in
the Certificate of Designations and the form of Notice of Exercise or Conversion
set forth in the Additional  Investment  Rights and Additional  Investment Right
Securities set forth the totality of the  procedures  required of the Purchasers
in order to exercise the  Warrants,  convert the  Preferred  Stock or convert or
exercise  the  Additional  Investment  Rights and  Additional  Investment  Right
Securities.  No additional  legal opinion or other  information or  instructions
shall be required of the  Purchasers  to  exercise  the  Warrants or convert the
Preferred  Stock or convert or exercise  the  Additional  Investment  Rights and
Additional Investment Right Securities. The Company shall honor exercises of the
Warrants and the Additional  Investment  Rights and conversions of the Preferred
Stock  and  Additional   Investment  Right  Securities  and  shall  deliver  the
Additional  Investment  Securities and the Underlying  Shares in accordance with
the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

         4.6      SECURITIES LAWS DISCLOSURE;  PUBLICITY.  The Company shall, by
8:30 a.m.  Eastern time on the Trading Day  following  the date hereof,  issue a
Current Report on Form 8-K, reasonably  acceptable to each Purchaser  disclosing
the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and shall attach the
Transaction Documents thereto as exhibits.  The Company and each Purchaser shall
consult with each other in issuing any other press  releases with respect to the
transactions  contemplated  hereby,  and neither  the Company nor any  Purchaser
shall issue any such press release or otherwise  make any such public  statement
without the prior  consent of the Company,  with respect to any press release of
any Purchaser,  or without the prior consent of each Purchaser,  with respect to
any press  release of the  Company,  which  consent  shall not  unreasonably  be
withheld,  except if such  disclosure  is  required  by law,  in which  case the
disclosing  party shall  promptly  provide the other party with prior  notice of
such public  statement or  communication.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the
Company shall not publicly  disclose the name of any  Purchaser,  or include the
name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency
or Trading Market,  without the prior written consent of such Purchaser,  except
(i) as required by federal  securities law in connection  with the  registration
statement  contemplated  by the  Registration  Rights  Agreement and (ii) to the
extent such  disclosure  is required by law or Trading  Market  regulations,  in
which case the Company  shall provide the  Purchasers  with prior notice of such
disclosure permitted under subclause (i) or (ii).

                                       22
<PAGE>

         4.7      SHAREHOLDER  RIGHTS PLAN. No claim will be made or enforced by
the Company  or, to the  knowledge  of the  Company,  any other  Person that any
Purchaser is an "Acquiring  Person" under any shareholder rights plan or similar
plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter  adopted by the Company,  or that any
Purchaser  could be  deemed  to  trigger  the  provisions  of any  such  plan or
arrangement,  by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction  Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers. The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become subject to the
Investment Company Act.

         4.8      NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION.  The Company covenants and agrees that
neither it nor any other Person  acting on its behalf will provide any Purchaser
or its  agents  or  counsel  with  any  information  that the  Company  believes
constitutes material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser
shall have executed a written agreement regarding the confidentiality and use of
such information. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall
be  relying  on the  foregoing  representations  in  effecting  transactions  in
securities of the Company.

         4.9      USE OF PROCEEDS.  Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 4.9 attached
hereto,  the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the  Securities
hereunder  for working  capital  purposes  and not for the  satisfaction  of any
portion of the  Company's  debt  (other  than  payment of trade  payables in the
ordinary course of the Company's  business and prior  practices),  to redeem any
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents.

         4.10     REIMBURSEMENT.  If  any  Purchaser  becomes  involved  in  any
capacity in any  Proceeding by or against any Person who is a stockholder of the
Company  (except  as a result  of  sales,  pledges,  margin  sales  and  similar
transactions by such Purchaser to or with any current stockholder),  solely as a
result of such  Purchaser's  acquisition of the Securities under this Agreement,
the Company will reimburse  such  Purchaser for its  reasonable  legal and other
expenses  (including  the cost of any  investigation  preparation  and travel in
connection  therewith)  incurred in connection  therewith,  as such expenses are
incurred.  The  reimbursement  obligations  of the Company under this  paragraph
shall be in addition to any  liability  which the  Company may  otherwise  have,
shall  extend  upon the same  terms  and  conditions  to any  Affiliates  of the
Purchasers who are actually named in such action,  proceeding or  investigation,
and partners,  directors, agents, employees and controlling persons (if any), as
the case may be, of the Purchasers and any such Affiliate,  and shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of any  successors,  assigns,  heirs and  personal
representatives  of the Company,  the  Purchasers and any such Affiliate and any
such Person.  The Company also agrees that neither the  Purchasers  nor any such
Affiliates,  partners, directors, agents, employees or controlling persons shall
have any liability to the Company or any Person asserting claims on behalf of or
in right of the Company  solely as a result of acquiring  the  Securities  under
this Agreement.

         4.11     INDEMNIFICATION  OF  PURCHASERS.  Subject to the provisions of
this Section 4.11,  the Company will indemnify and hold the Purchasers and their
directors,  officers,  shareholders,  partners,  employees and agents  (each,  a
"PURCHASER PARTY") harmless from any and all losses,  liabilities,  obligations,
claims,  contingencies,  damages,  costs and expenses,  including all judgments,
amounts paid in  settlements,  court costs and  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and
costs of  investigation  that any such Purchaser  Party may suffer or incur as a
result  of or  relating  to (a)  any  breach  of  any  of  the  representations,
warranties,  covenants or agreements made by the Company

                                       23
<PAGE>

in this  Agreement  or in the  other  Transaction  Documents  or (b) any  action
instituted against a Purchaser,  or any of them or their respective  Affiliates,
by any  stockholder  of the Company who is not an Affiliate  of such  Purchaser,
with  respect  to any  of  the  transactions  contemplated  by  the  Transaction
Documents  (unless  such  action  is  based  upon a breach  of such  Purchaser's
representation,  warranties or covenants under the Transaction  Documents or any
agreements or  understandings  such Purchaser may have with any such stockholder
or any  violations by the Purchaser of state or federal  securities  laws or any
conduct by such Purchaser which constitutes  fraud,  gross  negligence,  willful
misconduct or malfeasance). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser
Party in respect of which  indemnity may be sought  pursuant to this  Agreement,
such  Purchaser  Party shall  promptly  notify the  Company in writing,  and the
Company  shall have the right to assume the defense  thereof with counsel of its
own  choosing.  Any  Purchaser  Party  shall  have the right to employ  separate
counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof,  but the fees
and expenses of such  counsel  shall be at the expense of such  Purchaser  Party
except to the  extent  that (i) the  employment  thereof  has been  specifically
authorized  by the  Company in  writing,  (ii) the  Company  has failed  after a
reasonable  period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii)
in such action there is, in the reasonable  opinion of such separate counsel,  a
material  conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and
the  position of such  Purchaser  Party.  The Company  will not be liable to any
Purchaser Party under this Agreement (i) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party
effected  without  the  Company's  prior  written  consent,  which  shall not be
unreasonably  withheld or delayed; or (ii) to the extent, but only to the extent
that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Party's
breach of any of the representations,  warranties,  covenants or agreements made
by the Purchasers in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents.

         4.12     RESERVATION AND LISTING OF SECURITIES.

                  (a)      The Company  shall  maintain a reserve  from its duly
         authorized  shares  of  Common  Stock  for  issuance  pursuant  to  the
         Transaction  Documents in such amount as may be required to fulfill its
         obligations in full under the Transaction Documents.

                  (b)      If,  on  any  date,  the  number  of  authorized  but
         unissued (and otherwise unreserved) shares of Common Stock is less than
         the Required  Minimum on such date,  then the Board of Directors of the
         Company  shall  use  commercially   reasonable  efforts  to  amend  the
         Company's  certificate  or articles of  incorporation  to increase  the
         number of  authorized  but unissued  shares of Common Stock to at least
         the Required Minimum at such time, as soon as possible and in any event
         not later than the 75th day after such date.

                  (c)      The Company shall, if applicable: (i) in the time and
         manner  required  by the  Trading  Market,  prepare  and file with such
         Trading  Market an additional  shares  listing  application  covering a
         number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to the Required Minimum
         on the date of such application, (ii) take all steps necessary to cause
         such shares of Common  Stock to be approved  for listing on the Trading
         Market as soon as possible thereafter,  (iii) provide to the Purchasers
         evidence of such listing,  and (iv) maintain the listing of such Common
         Stock on any date at least equal to the  Required  Minimum on such date
         on such Trading Market or another Trading Market.

                                       24
<PAGE>

         4.13     PARTICIPATION IN FUTURE FINANCING.  From the date hereof until
the one year  anniversary  of the  Effective  Date,  upon any  financing  by the
Company or any of its  Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock  Equivalents
or  any  non-convertible  debt  securities  (a  "SUBSEQUENT  FINANCING"),   each
Purchaser  shall have the right to  participate  in up to 100% of the Subsequent
Financing (the  "PARTICIPATION  MAXIMUM").  At least 5 Trading Days prior to the
closing of the Subsequent Financing, the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser
a  written   notice  of  its   intention  to  effect  a   Subsequent   Financing
("PRE-NOTICE"),  which Pre-Notice shall ask such Purchaser if it wants to review
the details of such financing (such additional  notice, a "SUBSEQUENT  FINANCING
NOTICE").  Upon the  request  of a  Purchaser,  and only upon a request  by such
Purchaser, for a Subsequent Financing Notice, the Company shall promptly, but no
later than 1 Trading  Day after such  request,  deliver a  Subsequent  Financing
Notice to such  Purchaser.  The  Subsequent  Financing  Notice shall describe in
reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Subsequent Financing, the amount of
proceeds intended to be raised thereunder,  the Person with whom such Subsequent
Financing  is proposed  to be  effected,  and  attached to which shall be a term
sheet or similar document relating thereto. If by 5:30 p.m. (New York City time)
on the 5th Trading Day after all of the Purchasers have received the Pre-Notice,
notifications  by the  Purchasers of their  willingness  to  participate  in the
Subsequent  Financing (or to cause their  designees to  participate)  is, in the
aggregate,  less than the total  amount of the  Participation  Amount,  then the
Company may effect the  remaining  portion of such  Subsequent  Financing on the
terms and to the Persons set forth in the Subsequent  Financing  Notice.  If the
Company  receives no notice from a Purchaser  as of such 5th Trading  Day,  such
Purchaser shall be deemed to have notified the Company that it does not elect to
participate.  The Company must provide the Purchasers  with a second  Subsequent
Financing Notice,  and the Purchasers will again have the right of participation
set forth above in this Section 4.13, if the Subsequent Financing subject to the
initial  Subsequent  Financing  Notice is not  consummated for any reason on the
terms set forth in such Subsequent Financing Notice within 60 Trading Days after
the date of the initial  Subsequent  Financing  Notice. In the event the Company
receives  responses to Subsequent  Financing Notices from Purchasers  seeking to
purchase more than the aggregate amount of the Participation  Amount,  each such
Purchaser  shall have the right to purchase  their Pro Rata  Portion (as defined
below) of the Participation  Maximum. "PRO RATA PORTION" is the ratio of (x) the
Subscription Amount of Securities purchased by a participating Purchaser and (y)
the sum of the aggregate  Subscription  Amount of all participating  Purchasers.
Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  this Section 4.13 shall not apply in respect of
an Exempt  Issuance or a firm  commitment  underwritten  public  offering of the
Company's securities.

         4.14     SUBSEQUENT TRANSACTIONS.  From the date hereof until after the
Effective  Date,  neither the Company nor any  Subsidiary  shall issue shares of
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or indebtedness for borrowed monies. In
addition to the  limitations  set forth herein,  from the date hereof until such
time  as no  Purchaser  holds  any of  the  Securities,  the  Company  shall  be
prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any Subsequent
Financing  involving a "VARIABLE RATE TRANSACTION" (as defined below).  The term
"VARIABLE RATE TRANSACTION" shall mean a transaction in which the Company issues
or  sells  (i)  any  debt  or  equity  securities  that  are  convertible  into,
exchangeable  or  exercisable  for, or include  the right to receive  additional
shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion,  exercise or exchange rate or
other  price that is based upon  and/or  varies  with the  trading  prices of or
quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance
of such  debt or  equity  securities,  or

                                       25
<PAGE>

(B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset
at some future date after the initial  issuance of such debt or equity  security
or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent  events directly or indirectly
related to the  business of the Company or the market for the Common  Stock (but
not including customary  anti-dilution  provisions that adjust the conversion or
exercise price of outstanding  securities).  Any Purchaser  shall be entitled to
obtain  injunctive  relief  against the Company to preclude  any such  issuance,
which   remedy   shall  be  in  addition  to  any  right  to  collect   damages.
Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  this Section 4.14 shall not apply in respect of
an Exempt Issuance,  except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall be an Exempt
Issuance.

         4.15     EQUAL  TREATMENT  OF  PURCHASERS.  No  consideration  shall be
offered or paid to any person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of
any provision of any of the Transaction  Documents unless the same consideration
is  also  offered  to all of the  parties  to  the  Transaction  Documents.  For
clarification  purposes,  this provision constitutes a separate right granted to
each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated  separately by each Purchaser,  and
is intended to treat for the Company the  Purchasers as a class and shall not in
any way be  construed  as the  Purchasers  acting in  concert or as a group with
respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.

         4.16     NO NET SHORT POSITION.  Each Purchaser  agrees,  severally and
not jointly  with any other  Purchasers,  that they or any Person  acting at the
request or  direction  of  Purchaser,  will not enter  into any Short  Sales (as
hereinafter  defined) from the period  commencing on the Closing Date and ending
on the date that such  Purchaser no longer holds any shares of Preferred  Stock.
For purposes of this Section 4.16, a "SHORT SALE" by any Purchaser  shall mean a
sale of Common Stock by such  Purchaser  that is marked as a short sale and that
is made at a time when there is no equivalent offsetting long position in Common
Stock held by such  Purchaser.  For purposes of determining  whether there is an
equivalent  offsetting  long  position  in Common  Stock held by the  Purchaser,
Underlying Shares that have not yet been exercised or converted,  as applicable,
shall be deemed to be held long by the  Purchaser,  and the  amount of shares of
Common Stock held in a long position  shall be all Underlying  Shares  (ignoring
any exercise  limitations included therein) held by such Purchaser on such date,
plus  any  shares  of  Common  Stock  otherwise  then  held by  such  Purchaser.
Additionally,  each Purchaser  understands and  acknowledges,  severally and not
jointly with any other Purchaser, that the SEC currently takes the position that
coverage of short sales of shares of the Common Stock "against the box" prior to
the Effective Date of the  Registration  Statement  with the  Underlying  Shares
issuable  hereunder  is a violation of Section 5 of the  Securities  Act, as set
forth in Item 65, Section 5 under Section A, of the Manual of Publicly Available
Telephone  Interpretations,  dated  July 1997,  compiled  by the Office of Chief
Counsel, Division of Corporation Finance.

                                   ARTICLE V.
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

         5.1      TERMINATION.   This   Agreement   may  be  terminated  by  any
Purchaser,  by written notice to the other parties,  if the Closing has not been
consummated on or before  December 31, 2004;  provided that no such  termination
will  affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by the other party (or
parties).

                                       26
<PAGE>

         5.2      FEES AND  EXPENSES.  The Company shall  deliver,  prior to the
Closing, a completed and executed copy of the Closing Statement, attached hereto
as ANNEX A. Except as expressly  set forth in the  Transaction  Documents to the
contrary,  each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers,  counsel,
accountants and other experts,  if any, and all other expenses  incurred by such
party  incident  to  the  negotiation,   preparation,  execution,  delivery  and
performance  of this  Agreement.  The Company shall pay all transfer agent fees,
stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the issuance of
any Securities.

         5.3      ENTIRE AGREEMENT. The Transaction Documents, together with the
exhibits and schedules thereto,  contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties
acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

         5.4      NOTICES.  Any and  all  notices  or  other  communications  or
deliveries  required or permitted to be provided  hereunder  shall be in writing
and  shall be deemed  given and  effective  on the  earliest  of (a) the date of
transmission,  if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the
facsimile  number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 5:30
p.m.  (New York City time) on a Trading  Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the
date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile
at the facsimile  number set forth on the signature  pages attached  hereto on a
day that is not a Trading  Day or later  than 5:30 p.m.  (New York City time) on
any Trading Day, (c) the second  Trading Day following  the date of mailing,  if
sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (d) upon actual
receipt by the party to whom such notice is  required  to be given.  The address
for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages
attached hereto.

         5.5      AMENDMENTS;  WAIVERS.  No provision of this  Agreement  may be
waived  or  amended  except in a written  instrument  signed,  in the case of an
amendment, by the Company and each Purchaser or, in the case of a waiver, by the
party against whom  enforcement  of any such waiver is sought.  No waiver of any
default  with  respect  to any  provision,  condition  or  requirement  of  this
Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of
any  subsequent  default  or a  waiver  of any  other  provision,  condition  or
requirement  hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of either party to exercise
any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

         5.6      CONSTRUCTION. The headings herein are for convenience only, do
not  constitute  a part of this  Agreement  and  shall not be deemed to limit or
affect any of the provisions hereof. The language used in this Agreement will be
deemed to be the language  chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent,
and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

         5.7      SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.  This Agreement  shall be binding upon
and inure to the  benefit of the  parties  and their  successors  and  permitted
assigns.  The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations
hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser. Any Purchaser may
assign any or all of its rights under this  Agreement to any Person to whom such
Purchaser  assigns or transfers any Securities,  provided such transferee agrees
in

                                       27
<PAGE>

writing  to be  bound,  with  respect  to  the  transferred  Securities,  by the
provisions hereof that apply to the "Purchasers".

         5.8      NO THIRD-PARTY  BENEFICIARIES.  This Agreement is intended for
the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective  successors and permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision  hereof be enforced
by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.11.

         5.9      GOVERNING  LAW. All  questions  concerning  the  construction,
validity,  enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction  Documents shall be
governed by and construed  and enforced in accordance  with the internal laws of
the State of New York,  without  regard to the  principles  of  conflicts of law
thereof.   Each  party  agrees  that  all  legal   proceedings   concerning  the
interpretations,  enforcement  and defense of the  transactions  contemplated by
this Agreement and any other  Transaction  Documents  (whether brought against a
party hereto or its respective affiliates,  directors,  officers,  shareholders,
employees  or agents)  shall be commenced  exclusively  in the state and federal
courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to
the exclusive  jurisdiction  of the state and federal courts sitting in the City
of New York,  borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder
or in  connection  herewith  or with  any  transaction  contemplated  hereby  or
discussed  herein  (including  with  respect  to the  enforcement  of any of the
Transaction Documents),  and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert
in any suit, action or proceeding,  any claim that it is not personally  subject
to the jurisdiction of any such court,  that such suit,  action or proceeding is
improper  or  inconvenient   venue  for  such  proceeding.   Each  party  hereby
irrevocably  waives  personal  service of process and consents to process  being
served in any such suit,  action or  proceeding  by mailing a copy  thereof  via
registered or certified  mail or overnight  delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the  address in effect for  notices to it under this  Agreement
and agrees that such service shall  constitute  good and  sufficient  service of
process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in
any way any right to serve  process in any manner  permitted by law. The parties
hereby waive all rights to a trial by jury.  If either  party shall  commence an
action or proceeding to enforce any  provisions  of the  Transaction  Documents,
then the  prevailing  party in such action or proceeding  shall be reimbursed by
the other party for its  attorneys'  fees and other costs and expenses  incurred
with  the   investigation,   preparation  and  prosecution  of  such  action  or
proceeding.

         5.10     SURVIVAL.  The representations and warranties contained herein
shall survive the Closing and the delivery,  exercise  and/or  conversion of the
Securities, as applicable for the applicable statue of limitations.

         5.11     EXECUTION.  This  Agreement  may be  executed  in two or  more
counterparts,  all of which when taken  together shall be considered one and the
same agreement and shall become effective when  counterparts have been signed by
each party and  delivered  to the other  party,  it being  understood  that both
parties need not sign the same  counterpart.  In the event that any signature is
delivered by facsimile  transmission,  such  signature  shall create a valid and
binding  obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is
executed)  with the same force and effect as if such  facsimile  signature  page
were an original thereof.

                                       28
<PAGE>

         5.12     SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
invalid or unenforceable in any respect,  the validity and enforceability of the
remaining  terms  and  provisions  of  this  Agreement  shall  not in any way be
affected or impaired  thereby and the parties will attempt to agree upon a valid
and enforceable provision that is a reasonable substitute therefor,  and upon so
agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Agreement.

         5.13     RESCISSION AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHT.  Notwithstanding  anything to
the contrary  contained in (and without limiting any similar  provisions of) the
Transaction  Documents,  whenever  any  Purchaser  exercises a right,  election,
demand or option  under a  Transaction  Document and the Company does not timely
perform its related  obligations within the periods therein provided,  then such
Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon
written notice to the Company, any relevant notice,  demand or election in whole
or in part  without  prejudice  to its  future  actions  and  rights;  PROVIDED,
HOWEVER,  in the case of a  rescission  of a  conversion  of shares of Preferred
Stock,  exercise of a Warrant or  conversion  and/or  exercise of an  Additional
Investment Right Security,  the Purchaser shall be required to return any shares
of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded conversion notice.

         5.14     REPLACEMENT  OF SECURITIES.  If any  certificate or instrument
evidencing any Securities is mutilated,  lost, stolen or destroyed,  the Company
shall  issue or cause to be issued in  exchange  and  substitution  for and upon
cancellation thereof, or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate
or instrument,  but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the
Company  of such  loss,  theft  or  destruction  and  customary  and  reasonable
indemnity,  if requested.  The  applicants  for a new  certificate or instrument
under  such  circumstances  shall  also  pay any  reasonable  third-party  costs
associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

         5.15     REMEDIES. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights
provided herein or granted by law,  including  recovery of damages,  each of the
Purchasers  and the Company will be entitled to specific  performance  under the
Transaction  Documents.  The  parties  agree that  monetary  damages  may not be
adequate  compensation  for  any  loss  incurred  by  reason  of any  breach  of
obligations  described in the  foregoing  sentence and hereby agrees to waive in
any action for specific  performance  of any such  obligation the defense that a
remedy at law would be adequate.

         5.16     PAYMENT  SET ASIDE.  To the extent  that the  Company  makes a
payment or payments to any Purchaser  pursuant to any Transaction  Document or a
Purchaser  enforces or  exercises  its rights  thereunder,  and such  payment or
payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are
subsequently invalidated,  declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside,
recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise
restored to the Company,  a trustee,  receiver or any other person under any law
(including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common
law or equitable  cause of action),  then to the extent of any such  restoration
the  obligation  or part thereof  originally  intended to be satisfied  shall be
revived and  continued  in full force and effect as if such payment had not been
made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

                                       29
<PAGE>

         5.17     INDEPENDENT NATURE OF PURCHASERS'  OBLIGATIONS AND RIGHTS. The
obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not
joint with the  obligations of any other  Purchaser,  and no Purchaser  shall be
responsible  in any way for the  performance  of the  obligations  of any  other
Purchaser under any Transaction  Document.  Nothing  contained  herein or in any
Transaction  Document,  and no action taken by any Purchaser  pursuant  thereto,
shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a
joint  venture  or any other kind of entity,  or create a  presumption  that the
Purchasers  are in any way acting in concert or as a group with  respect to such
obligations or the transactions  contemplated by the Transaction Document.  Each
Purchaser  shall be  entitled to  independently  protect and enforce its rights,
including without  limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of
the other  Transaction  Documents,  and it shall not be necessary  for any other
Purchaser  to be  joined  as an  additional  party  in any  proceeding  for such
purpose.  Each Purchaser has been  represented by its own separate legal counsel
in their review and  negotiation of the  Transaction  Documents.  For reasons of
administrative  convenience only,  Purchasers and their respective  counsel have
chosen to communicate  with the Company through FW. FW does not represent any of
the Purchasers but only the placement  agent,  Ascendiant  Securities,  LLC. The
Company  has  elected  to  provide  all  Purchasers  with  the  same  terms  and
Transaction  Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was
required or requested to do so by the Purchasers.

         5.18     LIQUIDATED  DAMAGES.  The  Company's  obligations  to pay  any
partial  liquidated  damages  or  other  amounts  owing  under  the  Transaction
Documents  is a  continuing  obligation  of the Company and shall not  terminate
until all unpaid  partial  liquidated  damages and other  amounts have been paid
notwithstanding  the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such
partial  liquidated damages or other amounts are due and payable shall have been
canceled.

         5.19     CONSTRUCTION. The parties agree that each of them and/or their
respective counsel has reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction
Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any
ambiguities are to be resolved  against the drafting party shall not be employed
in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments hereto.

                            (SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW)


                                       30
<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto  have caused this  Securities
Purchase   Agreement  to  be  duly  executed  by  their  respective   authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

CIROND CORPORATION                                ADDRESS FOR NOTICE:



By:__________________________________________
     Name:
     Title:

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):




                   [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
                      SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]



                                       31
<PAGE>


        [PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO CROO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

         IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  undersigned  have  caused  this  Securities
Purchase   Agreement  to  be  duly  executed  by  their  respective   authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.


Name of Investing Entity: ___________________________________________________
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: ______________________
Name of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________
Title of Authorized Signatory: ______________________________________________
Email Address of Authorized Entity:__________________________________________

Address for Notice of Investing Entity:




Address for Delivery of Securities for Investing Entity (if not same as above):





Subscription Amount:
Warrant Shares:
Additional Investment Right:
EIN Number:  [PROVIDE THIS UNDER SEPARATE COVER]

                           [SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]




                                       32
<PAGE>

                                                                         ANNEX A

                                CLOSING STATEMENT

Pursuant to the attached  Securities  Purchase  Agreement,  dated as of the date
hereto,  the  purchasers  shall  purchase up to $2,000,000  of Preferred  Stock,
Warrants  and  Additional   Investment  Rights  from  Cirond   Corporation  (the
"COMPANY"). All funds will be wired into a trust account maintained by Dill Dill
Carr  Stonbraker & Hutchings,  P.C.,  counsel to the Company.  All funds will be
disbursed in accordance with this Closing Statement.

DISBURSEMENT DATE:    December 22, 2004
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

I.   PURCHASE PRICE

                  GROSS PROCEEDS TO BE RECEIVED IN TRUST          $2,000,000

II.  DISBURSEMENTS

                  Ascendiant   Securities,   LLC  (Placement      $60,000
                  Agent Fee - 8% of  Aggregate  Subscription
                  Amount  based  on  $2M,  net  of  $100,000
                  invested  for  Ascendiant's   Subscription
                  Amount)

                  Feldman Weinstein, LLP (Legal Fee)              $15,000
                  Dill Dill Carr Stonbraker & Hutchings, P.C.     $85,000

TOTAL AMOUNT DISBURSED:                                           $160,000

WIRE INSTRUCTIONS:


To: Ascendiant Securities, LLC                                    $60,000
                  AMERICAN BUSINESS BANK
                  523 WEST 6TH STREET, SUITE 900
                  LOS ANGELES, CA 90014-1223
                  213-430-4000
                  ABA #    122042807
                  ACCOUNT: ASCENDIANT SECURITIES,
                  LLC
                  ACCOUNT #        02100363
To: Feldman Weinstein, LLP                                        $15,000
                  STERLING NATIONAL BANK
                  622 3RD AVENUE
                  NEW YORK, NY 10017
                  Account Name:  Feldman Weinstein

                             33
<PAGE>
                  LLP
                  ABA ROUTING NO: 026007773
                  ACCT NO: 0814180101
                  Remark: croo fee/Ascendiant



                             34
<PAGE>
               SCHEDULE 3.1(A) - SUBSIDIARIES

Cirond Networks Inc. - a Nevada corporation
Cirond Networks (Canada) Inc., a British Columbia corporation


              SCHEDULE 3.1(G) - CAPITALIZATION

At September 30, 2004, the Company had received a subscription in the amount of
$25,000 for 50,000 shares of common stock. These shares were issued in November
2004. As of December 10, 2004, 37,110,000 shares of common stock are issued and
outstanding and no shares of preferred stock are issued or outstanding.

Pursuant to the Company's agreement with Ascendiant Securities, LLC dated August
26, 2004, the Company has agreed to pay a cash fee equal to 8% of the gross
proceeds from the sale of Securities. In addition, upon the sale of Securities,
the Company is to grant Ascendiant warrants for the purchase of an amount equal
to 8% of the Securities to be issued in the transaction. The warrants are to be
exercisable into Securities similar to those issued in the transaction and have
an exercise price and term consistent with the warrants issued to investors. The
warrants are to contain piggyback registration rights and a net exercise
provision.

In connection with the acquisition of the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary,
Cirond Networks, Inc., the Company issued 17,000,000 of its common stock to
Seaside Holdings Inc. (f/k/a Cirond Technologies Inc.), a Colorado corporation
("Seaside"). Effective July 31, 2004, Seaside transferred the 17,000,000 shares
of the Company's common stock to a trust, the Seaside Holdings Trust (the
"Trust"), for the benefit of the shareholders of Seaside as of July 31, 2004.
The Trust will be dissolved on or before December 31, 2004 in accordance with
the terms of the trust agreement and upon dissolution will distribute the shares
of the Company held by the Trust to the beneficiaries of the Trust. Pursuant to
the terms of the trust agreement establishing the Trust, the trustee may vote on
the following matters only as directed by the beneficiaries of the Trust which
are the beneficial owners of two-thirds of the Company's common shares held by
the Trust:

(1)      Proposals to dissolve the Company, or to merge or consolidate it with
         another company or companies;

(2)      Proposals to amend the Articles of Incorporation and/or Bylaws of the
         Company;

(3)      Proposals to sell substantially all the assets of the Company not in
         the ordinary course of business;

(4)      Proposals which will have the effect, directly or indirectly, of
         reducing substantially the voting power, right to dividends, or rights
         to the assets of the Company upon liquidation, of the stock of Company
         subject to the Trust; and

(5)      Proposals to sell all or any portion of the stock of the Company.

<PAGE>

Officers and directors of the Company will be executing a lock-up agreement in
connection with this transaction.


               SCHEDULE 3.1(H) - SEC REPORTS; FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The following reports were not filed on a timely basis:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        DUE DATE
                           REPORT                             (AS EXTENDED, IF APPLICABLE)         DATE FILED
- ------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------ ------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>                            <C>
Form 8-K dated September 8, 2003                              September 15, 2003             October 10, 2003
Amended Form 8-K dated November 25, 2003                      February 10, 2004              April 19, 2004
Form 10-KSB (year ended December 31, 2003)                    April 14, 2004                 May 10, 2004
Form 10-QSB (quarter ended March 31, 2004)                    May 20, 2004                   May 21, 2004
Form 10-QSB (quarter ended June 30, 2004)                     August 19, 2004                August 20, 2004
Form 8-K dated September 20, 2004                             September 24, 2004             October 5, 2004
Form 8-K dated October 1, 2004                                October 7, 2004                December 2, 2004
</TABLE>


                          SCHEDULE 3.1(J) - LITIGATION

Tate Holt, a director of the Company, was an outside director of AremisSoft
Corporation ("AremisSoft"), an enterprise application software company that
encountered accounting issues in its international emerging markets division.
The following derivative state court actions were filed in Delaware in 2001
alleging breaches of fiduciary duties against the directors, but not fraud:

Jeffrey Music, Derivatively on Behalf of AremisSoft Corporation, v. Lycourgos K.
Kyprianou, Roys Poyiadjis, Dann V, Angeloff, H. Tate Holt, George Papadopoulos,
John Malamas, Noel Voice, George H. Ellis, and Theodore S. Fessas, Civil Action
No. 18955-NC, Delaware Chancery Court. Case dismissed with prejudice.

Thomas Malagisi, Derivatively on Behalf of AremisSoft Corporation v. Lycourgos
K. Kyprianou, Roys Poyiadjis, Dann V, Angeloff, H. Tate Holt, George
Papadopolos, John Malamas, Noel Voice, George H. Ellis and Theordore S. Fessas,
Civil Action No. 18954, Delaware Chancery Court. Sister complaint to Music v.
Kyprianou, et al. above. Case dismissed with prejudice.


                           SCHEDULE 3.1(P) - INSURANCE

Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries has any directors and officers
liability insurance.

<PAGE>

                         SCHEDULE 3.1(S) - CERTAIN FEES

Pursuant to the Company's agreement with Ascendiant Securities, LLC dated August
26, 2004, the Company has agreed to pay a cash fee equal to 8% of the gross
proceeds from the sale of Securities. In addition, upon the sale of Securities,
the Company is to grant Ascendiant warrants for the purchase of an amount equal
to 8% of the Securities to be issued in the transaction. The warrants are to be
exercisable into Securities similar to those issued in the transaction and have
an exercise price and term consistent with the warrants issued to investors. The
warrants are to contain piggyback registration rights and a net exercise
provision.


                      SCHEDULE 3.1(V) - REGISTRATION RIGHTS

On August 2, 2004, the Company entered into a Management Services Agreement with
STS. The agreement is effective as of August 2, 2004 and has a term of two
years. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, the Company has issued 1,200,000
shares of its common stock to STS at a deemed price of $1.50 per share. The
shares will be held in escrow by the Company, with the Company releasing 50,000
shares from escrow for every month of services performed. STS was granted
piggy-back registration rights in connection with the agreement and the shares
are subject to anti-dilution provisions in the event of a consolidation of the
Company's share capital.


              SCHEDULE 3.1(X) - APPLICATION OF TAKEOVER PROVISIONS

The Company is currently not subject to the provisions of Nevada Revised
Statutes Sections 78.378 through 78.3793 and 78.411 through 78.444 because it
does not come under the definitions of "Issuing Corporation" and "Resident
Domestic Corporation," respectively. The Articles of Incorporation currently do
not contain any provisions making these sections inapplicable to the Company
generally.

The Company will amend its Articles of Incorporation to render these sections
inapplicable.


                           SCHEDULE 3.1(AA) - SOLVENCY

At September 30, 2004, the Company reported a stockholders' deficiency of
$705,664, current assets of $96,447, total assets of $165,729, and current
liabilities of $871,393.

As is common with many software companies, the Company's asset base is
relatively small since it must expense product development costs and research.

<PAGE>


                          SCHEDULE 3.1(FF) - SENIORITY

The Company notes that indebtedness generally can be said to have priority over
any form of equity, including preferred stock.

At September 30, 2004, total liabilities were $871,393, consisting of the
following:

         Accounts payable and accrued liabilities1..........$     143,428
         Consulting fees payable............................      110,516
         Share subscriptions payable2.......................       25,000
         Deferred revenue3..................................       30,874
         Loan payable4......................................      400,000
         Due to stockholder.................................      161,575
                                                            -------------
         TOTAL..............................................$     871,393
                                                            =============

         1 Included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities at September 30,
         2004 was $50,776 that was being disputed by management with the
         supplier. This amount is no longer included in accounts payable as the
         supplier has agreed that the Company is not liable for this amount.

         2 Share subscriptions outstanding at September 30, 2004, consist of
         subscriptions to acquire 50,000 common shares at a price of $0.50 per
         share. These shares were issued in November, 2004.

         3 Represents support fees received but not deemed to be earned as of
         September 30, 2004.

         4 This amount will be paid from proceeds of this transaction. See
         Schedule 4.9 below.


                         SCHEDULE 4.9 - USE OF PROCEEDS

The Company proposes to use $400,000 of the proceeds to pay an unsecured demand
loan made by an unaffiliated third party.


<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exh10-2_regrights.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXH 10-2 REGISTRATION
<TEXT>












                                  EXHIBIT 10.2

         REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 22, 2004 BETWEEN
              CIROND CORPORATION AND THE PURCHASERS NAMED THEREIN


<PAGE>


                                                                     EXHIBIT B

                          REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

         This  Registration  Rights  Agreement  (this  "AGREEMENT")  is made and
entered  into as of  December  22,  2004,  among  Cirond  Corporation,  a Nevada
corporation  (the  "COMPANY"),  and the purchasers  signatory  hereto (each such
purchaser  is a  "PURCHASER"  and all such  purchasers  are,  collectively,  the
"PURCHASERS").

         This Agreement is made pursuant to the Securities  Purchase  Agreement,
dated as of the date hereof among the Company and the Purchasers  (the "PURCHASE
AGREEMENT").

         The Company and the Purchasers hereby agree as follows:

         1. DEFINITIONS

               CAPITALIZED  TERMS USED AND NOT OTHERWISE DEFINED HEREIN THAT ARE
DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE  AGREEMENT  SHALL HAVE THE MEANINGS  GIVEN SUCH TERMS IN
THE PURCHASE  AGREEMENT.  As used in this  Agreement,  the following terms shall
have the following meanings:

              "ADVICE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d).

              "EFFECTIVENESS   DATE"   means,   with   respect  to  the  initial
         Registration  Statement  required  to  be  filed  hereunder,  the  90th
         calendar  day  (120th  calendar  day in the  event of a  review  of the
         Registration  Statement by the  Commission)  following  the date hereof
         and, with respect to any additional  Registration  Statements which may
         be required  pursuant to Section 3(c),  the 90th calendar day following
         the date on which the Company first knows,  or  reasonably  should have
         known,  that  such  additional   Registration   Statement  is  required
         hereunder;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER, in the event the Company is notified by
         the Commission that one of the above  Registration  Statements will not
         be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments, the
         Effectiveness Date as to such Registration Statement shall be the third
         Trading Day  following  the date on which the Company is so notified if
         such date precedes the dates required above.

              "EFFECTIVENESS PERIOD" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
         2(a).

              "EVENT" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

              "EVENT DATE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

              "FILING  DATE"  means,  with  respect to the initial  Registration
         Statement required hereunder,  the 30th calendar day following the date
         hereof and,  with  respect to any  additional  Registration  Statements
         which may be required  pursuant to Section 3(c), the 15th day following
         the date on which the Company first knows,  or  reasonably  should have
         known  that  such   additional   Registration   Statement  is  required
         hereunder.


                                       1

<PAGE>

              "HOLDER" or "HOLDERS" means the holder or holders, as the case may
         be, from time to time of Registrable Securities.

              "INDEMNIFIED  PARTY"  shall have the  meaning set forth in Section
         5(c).

              "INDEMNIFYING  PARTY"  shall have the meaning set forth in Section
         5(c).

              "LOSSES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

              "PROCEEDING"  means  an  action,  claim,  suit,  investigation  or
         proceeding (including,  without limitation, an investigation or partial
         proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

              "PROSPECTUS"  means  the  prospectus  included  in a  Registration
         Statement  (including,  without limitation,  a prospectus that includes
         any information  previously  omitted from a prospectus filed as part of
         an  effective   registration  statement  in  reliance  upon  Rule  430A
         promulgated  under the Securities  Act), as amended or  supplemented by
         any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of
         any portion of the  Registrable  Securities  covered by a  Registration
         Statement,  and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus,
         including post-effective  amendments,  and all material incorporated by
         reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.

              "REGISTRABLE  SECURITIES"  means  (i) all of the  shares of Common
         Stock issuable upon conversion in full of the Preferred Stock, (ii) all
         Warrant Shares,  (iii) all of the Additional  Investment  Right Shares,
         (iv) all shares of Common Stock  issuable upon exercise of the warrants
         issued to  Ascendiant  Securities,  LLC, (v) any  securities  issued or
         issuable  upon  any  stock  split,   dividend  or  other   distribution
         recapitalization  or similar  event with respect to the  foregoing  and
         (vi)  any   additional   shares   issuable  in   connection   with  any
         anti-dilution  provisions in the Preferred  Stock,  the Warrants or the
         warrants issuable to the Placement Agent.

              "REGISTRATION   STATEMENT"  means  the   registration   statements
         required  to  be  filed  hereunder  and  any  additional   registration
         statements  contemplated by Section 3(c),  including (in each case) the
         Prospectus,  amendments and supplements to such registration  statement
         or  Prospectus,  including  pre-  and  post-effective  amendments,  all
         exhibits thereto, and all material  incorporated by reference or deemed
         to be incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

              "RULE 415" means Rule 415  promulgated by the Commission  pursuant
         to the  Securities  Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time,
         or any similar rule or regulation  hereafter  adopted by the Commission
         having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

              "RULE 424" means Rule 424  promulgated by the Commission  pursuant
         to the  Securities  Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time,
         or any similar rule or


                                       2

<PAGE>

         regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the
         same purpose and effect as such Rule.


        2.   SHELF REGISTRATION

         (a) On or prior to each Filing Date, the Company shall prepare and file
with the Commission a "Shelf" Registration Statement covering the resale of 125%
of the Registrable  Securities on such Filing Date for an offering to be made on
a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415. The Registration  Statement shall be on
Form S-3 (except if the Company is not then  eligible to register for resale the
Registrable  Securities on Form S-3, in which case such registration shall be on
another  appropriate  form in accordance  herewith)  and shall  contain  (unless
otherwise  directed by the  Holders)  substantially  the "Plan of  Distribution"
attached hereto as ANNEX A. Subject to the terms of this Agreement,  the Company
shall use its best  efforts to cause the  Registration  Statement to be declared
effective  under the  Securities  Act as promptly  as possible  after the filing
thereof, but in any event prior to the applicable  Effectiveness Date, and shall
use its best efforts to keep such Registration  Statement continuously effective
under the  Securities  Act  until all  Registrable  Securities  covered  by such
Registration Statement have been sold or may be sold without volume restrictions
pursuant to Rule 144(k) as determined by the counsel to the Company  pursuant to
a written  opinion  letter  to such  effect,  addressed  and  acceptable  to the
Company's transfer agent and the affected Holders (the "EFFECTIVENESS  PERIOD").
The  Company  shall  immediately   notify  the  Holders  via  facsimile  of  the
effectiveness  of the  Registration  Statement  on the same day that the Company
receives  notification of the effectiveness  from the Commission.  Failure to so
notify the Holder within 1 Trading Day of such  notification  shall be deemed an
Event under Section 2(b).

         (b) If: (i) a  Registration  Statement  is not filed on or prior to its
Filing Date (if the Company files a Registration Statement without affording the
Holders the opportunity to review and comment on the same as required by Section
3(a),  the Company  shall not be deemed to have  satisfied  this clause (i)), or
(ii) the Company fails to file with the Commission a request for acceleration in
accordance  with Rule 461  promulgated  under the Securities  Act,  within three
Trading  Days of the date that the  Company is  notified  (orally or in writing,
whichever is earlier) by the Commission  that a Registration  Statement will not
be  "reviewed,"  or not  subject  to  further  review,  or  (iii)  prior  to its
Effectiveness  Date,  the Company  fails to file a  pre-effective  amendment and
otherwise  respond in writing to comments  made by the  Commission in respect of
such Registration Statement within 10 Trading days after the receipt of comments
by or notice from the Commission  that such amendment is required in order for a
Registration  Statement  to  be  declared  effective,  or  (iv)  a  Registration
Statement filed or required to be filed  hereunder is not declared  effective by
the Commission by its Effectiveness Date, or (v) after the Effectiveness Date, a
Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as
to all Registrable  Securities for which it is required to be effective,  or the
Holders  are not  permitted  to utilize  the  Prospectus  therein to resell such
Registrable  Securities  for 10  consecutive  calendar  days but no more than an
aggregate  of 15 calendar  days during any  12-month  period  (which need not be
consecutive  Trading  Days) (any such failure or breach being  referred to as an
"EVENT",  and for  purposes  of clause  (i) or (iv) the date on which such Event
occurs,  or for purposes of clause (ii) the date on which such three Trading Day
period is  exceeded,  or for  purposes  of


                                       3
<PAGE>

clause  (iii) the date  which such 10 Trading  day  period is  exceeded,  or for
purposes  of  clause  (v) the date on which  such 10  calendar  day  period,  as
applicable,  is exceeded being referred to as "EVENT DATE"), then in addition to
any other rights the Holders may have hereunder or under applicable law, on each
such Event Date and on each monthly  anniversary of each such Event Date (if the
applicable  Event shall not have been cured by such date)  until the  applicable
Event is  cured,  the  Company  shall pay to each  Holder an amount in cash,  as
partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty,  equal to 1.5% of the aggregate
purchase  price paid by such Holder  pursuant to the Purchase  Agreement for any
Registrable Securities then held by such Holder. If the Company fails to pay any
partial  liquidated  damages  pursuant to this Section in full within seven days
after the date payable,  the Company will pay interest  thereon at a rate of 18%
per  annum  (or such  lesser  maximum  amount  that is  permitted  to be paid by
applicable  law) to the  Holder,  accruing  daily  from  the date  such  partial
liquidated  damages are due until such amounts,  plus all such interest thereon,
are paid in full. The partial  liquidated  damages  pursuant to the terms hereof
shall  apply on a daily  pro-rata  basis for any portion of a month prior to the
cure of an Event.

        3. REGISTRATION PROCEDURES

         In connection with the Company's  registration  obligations  hereunder,
the Company shall:

         (a)  permit  the  Holder to review  and  comment  upon (i) the  initial
Registration  Statement  at least five (5) Trading Days prior to its filing with
the SEC,  and (ii) all other  registration  statements  and all  amendments  and
supplements to all  registration  statements  (except for Annual Reports on Form
10-K or Form  10-KSB,  Quarterly  Reports  on Form  10-Q or 10-QSB  and  Current
Reports on Form 8-K and any similar or  successor  reports)  within a reasonable
number of days prior to their  filing with the SEC,  and (ii) cause its officers
and directors,  counsel and independent  certified public accountants to respond
to such inquiries as shall be necessary, in the reasonable opinion of respective
counsel  to  conduct  a  reasonable  investigation  within  the  meaning  of the
Securities  Act. The Company  shall not file the  Registration  Statement or any
such Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto to which the Holders of
a majority of the Registrable  Securities shall reasonably object in good faith,
provided  that,  the Company is notified of such  objection  in writing no later
than 3 Trading  Days after the  Holders  have been so  furnished  copies of such
documents.   Each   Holder   agrees  to  furnish  to  the  Company  a  completed
Questionnaire  in the form  attached  to this  Agreement  as Annex B (a "SELLING
HOLDER  QUESTIONNAIRE")  not less than two Trading Days prior to the Filing Date
or by the end of the fourth  Trading Day following the date on which such Holder
receives draft materials in accordance with this Section.

         (b) (i) Prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including
post-effective  amendments,  to a Registration Statement and the Prospectus used
in  connection  therewith as may be necessary to keep a  Registration  Statement
continuously  effective  as to the  applicable  Registrable  Securities  for the
Effectiveness  Period and prepare and file with the Commission  such  additional
Registration Statements in order to register for resale under the Securities Act
all of the  Registrable  Securities;  (ii) cause the  related  Prospectus  to be
amended or supplemented by any required  Prospectus  supplement  (subject to the
terms of this Agreement), and as so supplemented or amended to be filed pursuant
to Rule 424;  (iii) respond as promptly as


                                       4
<PAGE>


reasonably possible to any comments received from the Commission with respect to
a Registration  Statement or any amendment thereto and as promptly as reasonably
possible provide the Holders true and complete copies of all correspondence from
and to the Commission relating to a Registration  Statement;  and (iv) comply in
all material respects with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable  Securities  covered by a
Registration  Statement during the applicable  period in accordance  (subject to
the terms of this  Agreement)  with the intended  methods of  disposition by the
Holders  thereof set forth in such  Registration  Statement  as so amended or in
such Prospectus as so supplemented.

         (c) If during  the  Effectiveness  Period,  the  number of  Registrable
Securities  at any time exceeds 90% of the number of shares of Common Stock then
registered in a Registration  Statement,  then the Company shall file as soon as
reasonably  practicable but in any case prior to the applicable  Filing Date, an
additional Registration Statement covering the resale by the Holders of not less
than 125% of the number of such Registrable Securities.

         (d) Notify the  Holders of  Registrable  Securities  to be sold  (which
notice shall, pursuant to clauses (ii) through (vi) hereof, be accompanied by an
instruction  to suspend the use of the  Prospectus  until the requisite  changes
have been made) as promptly as reasonably  possible  (and, in the case of (i)(A)
below,  not less than five Trading Days prior to such filing) and (if  requested
by any such Person) confirm such notice in writing no later than one Trading Day
following  the day (i)(A) when a  Prospectus  or any  Prospectus  supplement  or
post-effective  amendment to a  Registration  Statement is proposed to be filed;
(B) when the Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a "review" of
such Registration  Statement and whenever the Commission  comments in writing on
such Registration  Statement (the Company shall provide true and complete copies
thereof and all written responses thereto to each of the Holders);  and (C) with
respect to a Registration  Statement or any post-effective  amendment,  when the
same has become  effective;  (ii) of any request by the  Commission or any other
Federal or state  governmental  authority  for  amendments or  supplements  to a
Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information; (iii) of the
issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental  authority
of any stop order  suspending  the  effectiveness  of a  Registration  Statement
covering  any or all of the  Registrable  Securities  or the  initiation  of any
Proceedings  for  that  purpose;  (iv)  of the  receipt  by the  Company  of any
notification  with respect to the suspension of the  qualification  or exemption
from  qualification  of  any of  the  Registrable  Securities  for  sale  in any
jurisdiction,  or the  initiation  or  threatening  of any  Proceeding  for such
purpose;  (v) of the  occurrence  of any event or passage of time that makes the
financial  statements  included  in  a  Registration  Statement  ineligible  for
inclusion  therein  or  any  statement  made  in  a  Registration  Statement  or
Prospectus or any document  incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by
reference  untrue in any material  respect or that  requires any  revisions to a
Registration Statement,  Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case of a
Registration  Statement  or the  Prospectus,  as the  case  may be,  it will not
contain any untrue  statement  of a material  fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements  therein,
in light of the  circumstances  under which they were made, not misleading;  and
(vi) the  occurrence  or existence  of any pending  corporate  development  with
respect to the Company that the Company  believes  may be material and that,  in
the  determination  of the  Company,  makes it not in the best  interest  of the
Company  to  allow


                                       5
<PAGE>


continued  availability of the  Registration  Statement or Prospectus;  provided
that any and all of such  information  shall remain  confidential to each Holder
until such information  otherwise becomes public,  unless disclosure by a Holder
is required by law; PROVIDED,  FURTHER,  notwithstanding each Holder's agreement
to keep such information confidential,  the Holders make no acknowledgement that
any such information is material, non-public information.

         (e) Use its best  efforts  to avoid the  issuance  of,  or, if  issued,
obtain  the  withdrawal  of (i) any  order  suspending  the  effectiveness  of a
Registration  Statement,  or  (ii)  any  suspension  of  the  qualification  (or
exemption from  qualification) of any of the Registrable  Securities for sale in
any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment.

         (f) Furnish to each Holder, without charge, at least one conformed copy
of each  such  Registration  Statement  and each  amendment  thereto,  including
financial statements and schedules,  all documents  incorporated or deemed to be
incorporated  therein by reference to the extent  requested by such Person,  and
all exhibits to the extent requested by such Person  (including those previously
furnished  or  incorporated  by  reference)  promptly  after the  filing of such
documents with the Commission.

         (g) Promptly deliver to each Holder,  without charge, as many copies of
the Prospectus or  Prospectuses  (including  each form of  prospectus)  and each
amendment  or  supplement  thereto as such  Persons  may  reasonably  request in
connection with resales by the Holder of Registrable Securities.  Subject to the
terms  of  this  Agreement,  the  Company  hereby  consents  to the  use of such
Prospectus  and each  amendment  or  supplement  thereto by each of the  selling
Holders in connection with the offering and sale of the  Registrable  Securities
covered by such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, except after
the giving on any notice pursuant to Section 3(d).

         (h) Prior to any resale of Registrable  Securities by a Holder, use its
commercially  reasonable  efforts to register or qualify or  cooperate  with the
selling  Holders  in  connection  with the  registration  or  qualification  (or
exemption from the Registration or qualification) of such Registrable Securities
for the  resale  by the  Holder  under the  securities  or Blue Sky laws of such
jurisdictions  within the United  States as any Holder  reasonably  requests  in
writing,  to keep each  registration or qualification  (or exemption  therefrom)
effective  during the  Effectiveness  Period and to do any and all other acts or
things reasonably  necessary to enable the disposition in such  jurisdictions of
the Registrable  Securities  covered by each Registration  Statement;  provided,
that the Company  shall not be required to qualify  generally  to do business in
any jurisdiction  where it is not then so qualified,  subject the Company to any
material tax in any such jurisdiction  where it is not then so subject or file a
general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction.

         (i)  If  requested  by the  Holders,  cooperate  with  the  Holders  to
facilitate  the timely  preparation  and delivery of  certificates  representing
Registrable   Securities  to  be  delivered  to  a  transferee   pursuant  to  a
Registration  Statement,  which  certificates  shall  be  free,  to  the  extent
permitted by the Purchase Agreement,  of all restrictive  legends, and to enable
such Registrable  Securities to be in such  denominations and registered in such
names as any such Holders may request.


                                       6

<PAGE>


         (j) Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by this Section 3, as
promptly as reasonably possible under the circumstances  taking into account the
Company's good faith  assessment of any adverse  consequences to the Company and
its stockholders of the premature disclosure of such event, prepare a supplement
or amendment,  including a post-effective amendment, to a Registration Statement
or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed
to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document so
that,  as  thereafter  delivered,  neither  a  Registration  Statement  nor such
Prospectus will contain an untrue  statement of a material fact or omit to state
a  material  fact  required  to be  stated  therein  or  necessary  to make  the
statements  therein,  in light of the circumstances  under which they were made,
not misleading.  If the Company  notifies the Holders in accordance with clauses
(ii)  through  (v) of Section  3(d) above to suspend  the use of any  Prospectus
until the requisite  changes to such Prospectus have been made, then the Holders
shall suspend use of such  Prospectus.  The Company will use its best efforts to
ensure  that  the  use of  the  Prospectus  may be  resumed  as  promptly  as is
practicable.  The Company  shall be  entitled  to exercise  its right under this
Section  3(j) to  suspend  the  availability  of a  Registration  Statement  and
Prospectus,  subject to the payment of partial  liquidated  damages  pursuant to
Section 2(b),  for a period not to exceed 60 days (which need not be consecutive
days) in any 12 month period.

         (k) Comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission.

         (l) The  Company  may  require  each  selling  Holder to furnish to the
Company a  certified  statement  as to the  number  of  shares  of Common  Stock
beneficially owned by such Holder and, if required by the Commission, the person
thereof  that has voting and  dispositive  control  over the Shares.  During any
periods  that the  Company  is unable  to meet its  obligations  hereunder  with
respect to the  registration  of the Registrable  Securities  solely because any
Holder  fails to furnish  such  information  within  three  Trading  Days of the
Company's  request,  any liquidated damages that are accruing at such time as to
such Holder only shall be tolled and any Event that may  otherwise  occur solely
because of such delay  shall be  suspended  as to such Holder  only,  until such
information is delivered to the Company.

    4.  REGISTRATION  EXPENSES.   All   fees   and   expenses  incident  to  the
performance  of or compliance  with this Agreement by the Company shall be borne
by the Company  whether or not any  Registrable  Securities are sold pursuant to
the Registration  Statement.  The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing
sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees
(including,  without  limitation,  fees and expenses (A) with respect to filings
required  to be made with the Trading  Market on which the Common  Stock is then
listed for trading,  and (B) in compliance with applicable  state  securities or
Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without
limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with
Blue  Sky  qualifications  or  exemptions  of  the  Registrable  Securities  and
determination  of the eligibility of the  Registrable  Securities for investment
under the laws of such  jurisdictions  as requested by the Holders) and (C) with
respect  to any filing  that may be  required  to be made by any broker  through
which a  Holder  intends  to made  sales of  Registrable  Securities  with  NASD
Regulation,  Inc.  pursuant  to the NASD  Rule  2710,  so long as the  broker is
receiving no more than a customary brokerage  commission in connection with such
sale,  (ii)  printing  expenses  (including,  without  limitation,  expenses  of
printing certificates for Registrable

                                       7
<PAGE>


Securities  and of printing  prospectuses  if the  printing of  prospectuses  is
reasonably requested by the holders of a majority of the Registrable  Securities
included in a Registration Statement),  (iii) messenger,  telephone and delivery
expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) Securities
Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees
and expenses of all other Persons retained by the Company in connection with the
consummation of the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement.  In addition,
the Company shall be responsible  for all of its internal  expenses  incurred in
connection  with  the  consummation  of the  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement  (including,  without  limitation,  all  salaries  and expenses of its
officers and employees  performing legal or accounting  duties),  the expense of
any annual  audit and the fees and  expenses  incurred  in  connection  with the
listing of the  Registrable  Securities on any  securities  exchange as required
hereunder.  In no event  shall the  Company  be  responsible  for any  broker or
similar  commissions  or, except to the extent  provided for in the  Transaction
Documents, any legal fees or other costs of the Holders.

    5.  INDEMNIFICATION

         (a) INDEMNIFICATION BY THE COMPANY. The Company shall,  notwithstanding
any termination of this Agreement,  indemnify and hold harmless each Holder, the
officers,  directors,  agents,  brokers  (including  brokers  who offer and sell
Registrable  Securities  as  principal as a result of a pledge or any failure to
perform under a margin call of Common Stock),  investment advisors and employees
of each of them, each Person who controls any such Holder (within the meaning of
Section 15 of the  Securities  Act or Section  20 of the  Exchange  Act) and the
officers,  directors,  agents and employees of each such controlling  Person, to
the fullest  extent  permitted by  applicable  law, from and against any and all
losses,  claims,  damages,  liabilities,  costs (including,  without limitation,
reasonable attorneys' fees) and expenses (collectively,  "LOSSES"), as incurred,
arising  out of or  relating  to any untrue or  alleged  untrue  statement  of a
material fact contained in a Registration Statement,  any Prospectus or any form
of prospectus or in any  amendment or supplement  thereto or in any  preliminary
prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of
a  material  fact  required  to be  stated  therein  or  necessary  to make  the
statements  therein  (in the case of any  Prospectus  or form of  prospectus  or
supplement  thereto,  in light of the circumstances  under which they were made)
not  misleading,  except to the extent,  but only to the  extent,  that (i) such
untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information  regarding such
Holder  furnished  in writing to the  Company by such Holder  expressly  for use
therein,  or to the extent that such information  relates to such Holder or such
Holder's  proposed  method of  distribution  of  Registrable  Securities and was
reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a
Registration  Statement,  such  Prospectus  or such form of Prospectus or in any
amendment  or  supplement  thereto  (it being  understood  that the  Holder  has
approved  Annex A hereto for this  purpose) or (ii) in the case of an occurrence
of an event of the type  specified  in  Section  3(d)(ii)-(vi),  the use by such
Holder of an outdated or  defective  Prospectus  after the Company has  notified
such Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated or defective and prior to
the  receipt by such  Holder of the Advice  contemplated  in Section  6(d).  The
Company  shall  notify  the  Holders  promptly  of the  institution,  threat  or
assertion of any Proceeding  arising from or in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement of which the Company is aware.

                                       8
<PAGE>


         (b)  INDEMNIFICATION BY HOLDERS.  Each Holder shall,  severally and not
jointly,  indemnify  and hold  harmless the Company,  its  directors,  officers,
agents and employees,  each Person who controls the Company  (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the
directors,  officers,  agents or employees of such controlling  Persons,  to the
fullest  extent  permitted by applicable  law,  from and against all Losses,  as
incurred,  to the extent  arising out of or based solely upon: (x) such Holder's
failure to comply with the prospectus  delivery  requirements  of the Securities
Act or (y) any untrue or alleged  untrue  statement of a material fact contained
in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus,  or any form of prospectus, or in
any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising
out of or  relating  to any  omission  or alleged  omission  of a material  fact
required to be stated  therein or necessary to make the  statements  therein not
misleading (i) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement
or omission is  contained  in any  information  so  furnished in writing by such
Holder to the Company specifically for inclusion in such Registration  Statement
or such  Prospectus  or (ii) to the extent  that (1) such untrue  statements  or
omissions are based solely upon  information  regarding such Holder furnished in
writing to the  Company by such  Holder  expressly  for use  therein,  or to the
extent that such  information  relates to such Holder or such Holder's  proposed
method of distribution of Registrable  Securities and was reviewed and expressly
approved  in  writing  by such  Holder  expressly  for  use in the  Registration
Statement (it being  understood  that the Holder has approved Annex A hereto for
this purpose), such Prospectus or such form of Prospectus or in any amendment or
supplement  thereto or (2) in the case of an  occurrence of an event of the type
specified  in Section  3(d)(ii)-(vi),  the use by such  Holder of an outdated or
defective  Prospectus after the Company has notified such Holder in writing that
the  Prospectus is outdated or defective and prior to the receipt by such Holder
of the Advice  contemplated  in Section 6(d). In no event shall the liability of
any selling Holder  hereunder be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the
net proceeds received by such Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities
giving rise to such indemnification obligation.

         (c) CONDUCT OF INDEMNIFICATION  PROCEEDINGS. If any Proceeding shall be
brought or asserted  against  any Person  entitled to  indemnity  hereunder  (an
"INDEMNIFIED  PArty"),  such Indemnified  Party shall promptly notify the Person
from whom  indemnity is sought (the  "INDEMNIFYING  PARTY") in writing,  and the
Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense thereof, including
the employment of counsel  reasonably  satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and
the  payment  of all fees and  expenses  incurred  in  connection  with  defense
thereof; provided, that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice
shall not relieve  the  Indemnifying  Party of its  obligations  or  liabilities
pursuant  to this  Agreement,  except  (and only) to the extent that it shall be
finally determined by a court of competent  jurisdiction (which determination is
not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure shall have prejudiced
the Indemnifying Party.

         An Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in
any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof,  but the fees and
expenses of such counsel  shall be at the expense of such  Indemnified  Party or
Parties  unless:  (1) the  Indemnifying  Party has agreed in writing to pay such
fees and  expenses;  (2) the  Indemnifying  Party shall have failed  promptly to
assume  the  defense  of  such  Proceeding  and  to  employ  counsel  reasonably
satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding;  or (3) the named
parties to any

                                       9
<PAGE>


such Proceeding  (including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified
Party and the Indemnifying  Party,  and such Indemnified  Party shall reasonably
believe  that a material  conflict  of  interest  is likely to exist if the same
counsel were to represent such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying  Party (in
which case, if such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing
that it elects to employ  separate  counsel at the  expense of the  Indemnifying
Party,  the  Indemnifying  Party  shall not have the right to assume the defense
thereof and the reasonable fees and expenses of one separate counsel shall be at
the expense of the  Indemnifying  Party).  The  Indemnifying  Party shall not be
liable for any settlement of any such  Proceeding  effected  without its written
consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. No Indemnifying Party
shall,  without the prior written consent of the Indemnified  Party,  effect any
settlement of any pending  Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified  Party
is a party,  unless such settlement  includes an  unconditional  release of such
Indemnified  Party from all  liability on claims that are the subject  matter of
such Proceeding.

         Subject  to the  terms  of this  Agreement,  all  reasonable  fees  and
expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses to the
extent  incurred in connection  with  investigating  or preparing to defend such
Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent  with this Section) shall be paid to the
Indemnified  Party,  as  incurred,  within ten  Trading  Days of written  notice
thereof to the Indemnifying  Party;  provided,  that the Indemnified Party shall
promptly  reimburse  the  Indemnifying  Party for that  portion of such fees and
expenses  applicable  to such  actions for which such  Indemnified  Party is not
entitled to indemnification hereunder, determined based upon the relative faults
of the parties.

         (d) CONTRIBUTION.  If a claim for indemnification under Section 5(a) or
5(b) is  unavailable  to an  Indemnified  Party (by  reason of public  policy or
otherwise),   then  each  Indemnifying  Party,  in  lieu  of  indemnifying  such
Indemnified  Party,  shall  contribute  to the  amount  paid or  payable by such
Indemnified  Party  as a  result  of  such  Losses,  in  such  proportion  as is
appropriate  to  reflect  the  relative  fault  of the  Indemnifying  Party  and
Indemnified  Party in connection with the actions,  statements or omissions that
resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable  considerations.
The relative fault of such  Indemnifying  Party and  Indemnified  Party shall be
determined by reference to, among other things,  whether any action in question,
including any untrue or alleged untrue  statement of a material fact or omission
or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to
information  supplied by, such Indemnifying  Party or Indemnified Party, and the
parties'  relative intent,  knowledge,  access to information and opportunity to
correct or prevent  such  action,  statement  or  omission.  The amount  paid or
payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject
to the  limitations set forth in this  Agreement,  any reasonable  attorneys' or
other reasonable fees or expenses  incurred by such party in connection with any
Proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or
expenses if the  indemnification  provided for in this Section was  available to
such party in accordance with its terms.

         The parties  hereto  agree that it would not be just and  equitable  if
contribution  pursuant  to  this  Section  5(d)  were  determined  by  pro  rata
allocation or by any other method of allocation  that does not take into account
the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5(d), no Holder shall be required
to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the

                                       10
<PAGE>

proceeds  actually  received  by such  Holder  from the sale of the  Registrable
Securities subject to the Proceeding exceeds the amount of any damages that such
Holder has  otherwise  been  required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged
untrue statement or omission or alleged omission, except in the case of fraud by
such Holder.

         The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section are
in  addition  to any  liability  that the  Indemnifying  Parties may have to the
Indemnified Parties.

    6. MISCELLANEOUS

         (a)  REMEDIES.  In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder,
of any of their obligations under this Agreement, each Holder or the Company, as
the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by
law and under this Agreement, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to
specific  performance of its rights under this  Agreement.  The Company and each
Holder agree that monetary damages would not provide  adequate  compensation for
any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions of this
Agreement  and  hereby  further  agrees  that,  in the event of any  action  for
specific  performance in respect of such breach, it shall waive the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

         (b) NO PIGGYBACK ON REGISTRATIONS. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 6(B)
attached hereto, neither the Company nor any of its security holders (other than
the Holders in such  capacity  pursuant  hereto) may include  securities  of the
Company in the Registration Statement other than the Registrable Securities. The
Company  shall  not file any other  registration  statements  until the  initial
Registration   Statement   required  hereunder  is  declared  effective  by  the
Commission,  provided that this Section 6(b) shall not prohibit the Company from
filing amendments to registration statements already filed.

         (c)  COMPLIANCE.  Each Holder  covenants and agrees that it will comply
with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act as applicable to
it  in  connection  with  sales  of  Registrable   Securities  pursuant  to  the
Registration Statement.

         (d) DISCONTINUED DISPOSITION.  Each Holder agrees by its acquisition of
such  Registrable  Securities that, upon receipt of a notice from the Company of
the occurrence of any event of the kind  described in Section 3(d),  such Holder
will forthwith  discontinue  disposition of such Registrable  Securities under a
Registration  Statement  until  such  Holder's  receipt  of  the  copies  of the
supplemented  Prospectus and/or amended Registration  Statement,  or until it is
advised in writing (the  "ADVICE") by the Company that the use of the applicable
Prospectus  may be resumed,  and, in either  case,  has  received  copies of any
additional  or  supplemental  filings  that are  incorporated  or  deemed  to be
incorporated  by reference in such  Prospectus or  Registration  Statement.  The
Company will use its best efforts to ensure that the use of the  Prospectus  may
be resumed as promptly as it  practicable.  The Company agrees and  acknowledges
that any  periods  during  which  the  Holder is  required  to  discontinue  the
disposition  of the  Registrable  Securities  hereunder  shall be subject to the
provisions of Section 2(b).

                                       11
<PAGE>

         (e) PIGGY-BACK  REGISTRATIONS.  If at any time during the Effectiveness
Period  there is not an  effective  Registration  Statement  covering all of the
Registrable  Securities and the Company shall determine to prepare and file with
the  Commission  a  registration  statement  relating to an offering for its own
account or the account of others under the  Securities  Act of any of its equity
securities,  other than on Form S-4 or Form S-8 (each as  promulgated  under the
Securities Act) or their then  equivalents  relating to equity  securities to be
issued solely in connection  with any  acquisition  of any entity or business or
equity securities issuable in connection with the stock option or other employee
benefit  plans,  then the Company shall send to each Holder a written  notice of
such  determination  and, if within  fifteen days after the date of such notice,
any such Holder shall so request in writing,  the Company  shall include in such
registration  statement  all or any  part of such  Registrable  Securities  such
holder  requests to be  registered;  provided,  that,  the Company  shall not be
required to register any  Registrable  Securities  pursuant to this Section 6(e)
that are  eligible  for resale  pursuant  to Rule 144(k)  promulgated  under the
Securities  Act  or  that  are  the  subject  of a then  effective  Registration
Statement.

         (f) AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS. The provisions of this Agreement, including
the provisions of this sentence,  may not be amended,  modified or supplemented,
and waivers or  consents to  departures  from the  provisions  hereof may not be
given,  unless the same shall be in writing  and signed by the  Company and each
Holder  of the then  outstanding  Registrable  Securities.  Notwithstanding  the
foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with respect
to a matter that relates  exclusively to the rights of Holders and that does not
directly  or  indirectly  affect  the  rights of other  Holders  may be given by
Holders of all of the  Registrable  Securities  to which such  waiver or consent
relates;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that the  provisions  of this sentence may not be
amended,  modified,  or supplemented except in accordance with the provisions of
the immediately preceding sentence.

         (g) NOTICES.  Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
required or permitted to be provided  hereunder  shall be delivered as set forth
in the Purchase  Agreement.  Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  the Company or its
counsel may transmit  versions of any Registration  Statement (or any amendments
or  supplements  thereto) to Holder in  satisfaction  of its  obligations  under
Section 3(a) to permit the Holder to review such registration statement prior to
filing  (and solely for such  purpose)  by email,  provided  that  delivery  and
receipt of such  transmission  shall be confirmed by  electronic,  telephonic or
other means.

         (h) SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.  This Agreement  shall inure to the benefit
of and be  binding  upon the  successors  and  permitted  assigns of each of the
parties  and shall  inure to the  benefit of each  Holder.  The  Company may not
assign its rights or obligations  hereunder without the prior written consent of
all of the Holders of the then-outstanding  Registrable Securities.  Each Holder
may assign their respective rights hereunder in the manner and to the Persons as
permitted under the Purchase Agreement.

         (i) NO  INCONSISTENT  AGREEMENTS.  Neither  the  Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company or any of
its  subsidiaries,  on or  after  the  date of this  Agreement,  enter  into any
agreement  with  respect  to its  securities,  that  would  have the  effect  of
impairing  the rights  granted to the  Holders in this  Agreement  or  otherwise
conflicts

                                       12
<PAGE>

with the provisions  hereof.  Except as set forth on Schedule 6(b),  neither the
Company nor any of its  subsidiaries  has previously  entered into any agreement
granting any  registration  rights with respect to any of its  securities to any
Person that have not been satisfied in full.

         (j) EXECUTION AND  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts,  each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an
original  and, all of which taken  together  shall  constitute  one and the same
Agreement.   In  the  event  that  any   signature  is  delivered  by  facsimile
transmission,  such  signature  shall create a valid  binding  obligation of the
party  executing  (or on whose behalf such  signature is executed) the same with
the same  force and  effect as if such  facsimile  signature  were the  original
thereof.

         (k) GOVERNING LAW. All questions concerning the construction, validity,
enforcement  and  interpretation  of this Agreement shall be determined with the
provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

         (l) CUMULATIVE  REMEDIES.  The remedies  provided herein are cumulative
and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

         (m) SEVERABILITY.  If any term,  provision,  covenant or restriction of
this  Agreement  is held by a court of  competent  jurisdiction  to be  invalid,
illegal,  void  or  unenforceable,  the  remainder  of  the  terms,  provisions,
covenants  and  restrictions  set forth  herein  shall  remain in full force and
effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties
hereto  shall use their  commercially  reasonable  efforts to find and employ an
alternative  means to achieve the same or substantially  the same result as that
contemplated  by such term,  provision,  covenant or  restriction.  It is hereby
stipulated  and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have
executed the remaining terms,  provisions,  covenants and  restrictions  without
including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid,  illegal,  void or
unenforceable.

         (n) HEADINGS.  The headings in this  Agreement are for  convenience  of
reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

         (o)  INDEPENDENT  NATURE  OF  HOLDERS'   OBLIGATIONS  AND  RIGHTS.  The
obligations  of each  Holder  hereunder  are  several  and not  joint  with  the
obligations of any other Holder hereunder, and no Holder shall be responsible in
any way for the  performance of the  obligations of any other Holder  hereunder.
Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or document  delivered at any
closing, and no action taken by any Holder pursuant hereto or thereto,  shall be
deemed to  constitute  the Holders as a  partnership,  an  association,  a joint
venture or any other kind of entity,  or create a  presumption  that the Holders
are in any way  acting  in  concert  with  respect  to such  obligations  or the
transactions  contemplated by this  Agreement.  Each Holder shall be entitled to
protect and enforce its rights,  including without limitation the rights arising
out of this Agreement,  and it shall not be necessary for any other Holder to be
joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose.

                              ********************

                                       13
<PAGE>



         IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties have executed this Registration Rights
Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                CIROND CORPORATION


                                By:__________________________________
                                Name:
                                Title:




                       [SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]


                                       14
<PAGE>


                     [SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO CROO RRA]

Name of Investing Entity: __________________________
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: _______________________
Name of Authorized Signatory: _________________________
Title of Authorized Signatory: __________________________



                           [SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]


                                       15
<PAGE>


                              PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION

         Each Selling  Stockholder  (the "SELLING  STOCKHOLDERS")  of the common
stock  ("COMMON  STOCK")  of  Cirond  Corporation,  a  Nevada  corporation  (the
"COMPANY") and any of their pledgees,  assignees and successors-in-interest may,
from  time to time,  sell  any or all of their  shares  of  Common  Stock on the
Trading Market or any other stock exchange,  market or trading facility on which
the shares are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or
negotiated  prices.  A  Selling  Stockholder  may  use  any  one or  more of the
following methods when selling shares:

            o     ordinary brokerage  transactions and transactions in which the
                  broker-dealer solicits purchasers;

            o     block trades in which the  broker-dealer  will attempt to sell
                  the shares as agent but may  position  and resell a portion of
                  the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;

            o     purchases by a  broker-dealer  as principal  and resale by the
                  broker-dealer for its account;

            o     an exchange  distribution  in accordance with the rules of the
                  applicable exchange;

            o     privately negotiated transactions;

            o     settlement  of short sales entered into after the date of this
                  prospectus;

            o     broker-dealers may agree with the Selling Stockholders to sell
                  a specified  number of such shares at a  stipulated  price per
                  share;

            o     a combination of any such methods of sale;

            o     through the writing or  settlement of options or other hedging
                  transactions,   whether   through  an  options   exchange   or
                  otherwise; or

            o     any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law.

         The Selling  Stockholders may also sell shares under Rule 144 under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "SECURITIES ACT"), if available,  rather
than under this prospectus.

         Broker-dealers  engaged by the  Selling  Stockholders  may  arrange for
other  brokers-dealers  to  participate  in sales.  Broker-dealers  may  receive
commissions or discounts from the Selling Stockholders (or, if any broker-dealer
acts as agent for the purchaser of shares,  from the purchaser) in amounts to be
negotiated.  Each  Selling  Stockholder  does not expect these  commissions  and
discounts  relating  to its sales of shares to exceed what is  customary  in the
types of transactions involved.

         In connection  with the sale of our common stock or interests  therein,
the Selling Stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers
or other financial

                                       16
<PAGE>

institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the common stock in the
course of hedging the positions they assume.  The Selling  Stockholders may also
sell shares of our common stock short and deliver these  securities to close out
their short positions, or loan or pledge the common stock to broker-dealers that
in turn may sell these securities.  The Selling Stockholders may also enter into
option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions
or the creation of one or more derivative  securities which require the delivery
to such  broker-dealer or other financial  institution of shares offered by this
prospectus,  which shares such broker-dealer or other financial  institution may
resell pursuant to this  prospectus (as  supplemented or amended to reflect such
transaction).

         The  Selling  Stockholders  and any  broker-dealers  or agents that are
involved  in selling  the shares may be deemed to be  "underwriters"  within the
meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event,  any
commissions  received  by such  broker-dealers  or agents  and any profit on the
resale  of the  shares  purchased  by  them  may be  deemed  to be  underwriting
commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. Each Selling  Stockholder has
informed  the  Company  that it does not have any  agreement  or  understanding,
directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Common Stock.

         The Company is required to pay certain  fees and  expenses  incurred by
the Company incident to the  registration of the shares.  The Company has agreed
to indemnify the Selling  Stockholders against certain losses,  claims,  damages
and liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.

         Because Selling Stockholders may be deemed to be "underwriters"  within
the  meaning of the  Securities  Act,  they will be  subject  to the  prospectus
delivery requirements of the Securities Act. In addition, any securities covered
by this  prospectus  which  qualify  for sale  pursuant  to Rule 144  under  the
Securities  Act may be sold under Rule 144  rather  than under this  prospectus.
Each  Selling  Stockholder  has advised us that they have not  entered  into any
agreements, understandings or arrangements with any underwriter or broker-dealer
regarding the sale of the resale shares. There is no underwriter or coordinating
broker acting in  connection  with the proposed sale of the resale shares by the
Selling Stockholders.

         We agreed to keep this  prospectus  effective  until the earlier of (i)
the date on which the shares may be resold by the Selling  Stockholders  without
registration  and  without  regard to any volume  limitations  by reason of Rule
144(e) under the  Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect or (ii) all
of the shares have been sold  pursuant to the  prospectus  or Rule 144 under the
Securities  Act or any other rule of similar  effect.  The resale shares will be
sold only through  registered or licensed  brokers or dealers if required  under
applicable  state securities  laws. In addition,  in certain states,  the resale
shares may not be sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale in
the applicable  state or an exemption  from the  registration  or  qualification
requirement is available and is complied with.

         Under  applicable  rules and  regulations  under the Exchange  Act, any
person engaged in the  distribution of the resale shares may not  simultaneously
engage in market making activities with respect to our common stock for a period
of two business days prior to the commencement of the distribution. In addition,
the  Selling  Stockholders  will be  subject  to  applicable  provisions  of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations  thereunder,  including Regulation M,
which

                                       17

<PAGE>

may limit the timing of purchases and sales of shares of our common stock by the
Selling Stockholders or any other person. We will make copies of this prospectus
available  to the Selling  Stockholders  and have  informed  them of the need to
deliver a copy of this  prospectus to each  purchaser at or prior to the time of
the sale.


                                       18
<PAGE>


                                                                         ANNEX B

                               CIROND CORPORATION

                 SELLING SECURITYHOLDER NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE

         The undersigned  beneficial owner of common stock, par value $0.001 per
share (the "COMMON STOCK"),  of Cirond  Corporation,  a Nevada  corporation (the
"COMPANY"),  (the  "REGISTRABLE  SECURITIES")  understands  that the Company has
filed or  intends  to file with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  (the
"COMMISSION")   a  registration   statement  on  Form  S-3  (the   "REGISTRATION
STATEMENT") for the registration and resale under Rule 415 of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the "SECURITIES  ACT"), of the Registrable  Securities,  in
accordance  with the terms of the  Registration  Rights  Agreement,  dated as of
December 22, 2004 (the "REGISTRATION  RIGHTS AGREEMENT"),  among the Company and
the Purchasers  named therein.  A copy of the  Registration  Rights Agreement is
available  from the Company  upon  request at the address set forth  below.  All
capitalized  terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed
thereto in the Registration Rights Agreement.

         Certain  legal  consequences  arise  from  being  named  as  a  selling
securityholder  in  the  Registration  Statement  and  the  related  prospectus.
Accordingly, holders and beneficial owners of Registrable Securities are advised
to consult their own securities law counsel  regarding the consequences of being
named  or not  being  named  as a  selling  securityholder  in the  Registration
Statement and the related prospectus.

                                     NOTICE

         The  undersigned  beneficial  owner (the "SELLING  SECURITYHOLDER")  of
Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the Registrable Securities owned
by it and listed below in Item 3 (unless otherwise  specified under such Item 3)
in the Registration Statement.


                                       19
<PAGE>


The  undersigned  hereby  provides the following  information to the Company and
represents and warrants that such information is accurate:

                                  QUESTIONNAIRE

1.       NAME.

         (a)      Full Legal Name of Selling Securityholder


                  --------------------------------------------------------------


         (b)      Full Legal Name of  Registered  Holder (if not the same as (a)
                  above) through which  Registrable  Securities Listed in Item 3
                  below are held:


                  --------------------------------------------------------------


         (c)      Full Legal  Name of  Natural  Control  Person  (which  means a
                  natural  person  who  directly  you  indirectly  alone or with
                  others has power to vote or dispose of the securities  covered
                  by the questionnaire):


                  --------------------------------------------------------------


2.  ADDRESS FOR NOTICES TO SELLING SECURITYHOLDER:


________________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________
Telephone:______________________________________________________________________
Fax:____________________________________________________________________________
Contact Person:_________________________________________________________________

3.  BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF REGISTRABLE SECURITIES:

         (a)      Type and Amount of Registrable Securities beneficially owned:

                  --------------------------------------------------------------
                  --------------------------------------------------------------
                  --------------------------------------------------------------



                                       20
<PAGE>


4.  BROKER-DEALER STATUS:

         (a)      Are you a broker-dealer?

                                Yes __   No __

         Note:    If yes, the  Commission's  staff has indicated that you should
                  be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

         (b)      Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?

                                Yes __   No __

         (c)      If you are an  affiliate  of a  broker-dealer,  do you certify
                  that you bought the  Registrable  Securities  in the  ordinary
                  course of  business,  and at the time of the  purchase  of the
                  Registrable  Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or
                  understandings,  directly  or  indirectly,  with any person to
                  distribute the Registrable Securities?

                                Yes __   No __

         Note:    If no, the Commission's staff has indicated that you should be
                  identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

5.  BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF OTHER SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY OWNED BY THE SELLING
                  SECURITYHOLDER.

         EXCEPT AS SET FORTH  BELOW IN THIS ITEM 5, THE  UNDERSIGNED  IS NOT THE
         BENEFICIAL OR REGISTERED  OWNER OF ANY  SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY OTHER
         THAN THE REGISTRABLE SECURITIES LISTED ABOVE IN ITEM 3.

         (a)      Type and Amount of Other Securities  beneficially owned by the
                  Selling Securityholder:


                  --------------------------------------------------------------
                  --------------------------------------------------------------





                                       21
<PAGE>


6.  RELATIONSHIPS WITH THE COMPANY:

         EXCEPT AS SET  FORTH  BELOW,  NEITHER  THE  UNDERSIGNED  NOR ANY OF ITS
         AFFILIATES,  OFFICERS, DIRECTORS OR PRINCIPAL EQUITY HOLDERS (OWNERS OF
         5% OF MORE OF THE EQUITY  SECURITIES OF THE  UNDERSIGNED)  HAS HELD ANY
         POSITION OR OFFICE OR HAS HAD ANY OTHER MATERIAL  RELATIONSHIP WITH THE
         COMPANY  (OR ITS  PREDECESSORS  OR  AFFILIATES)  DURING  THE PAST THREE
         YEARS.

         State any exceptions here:


         -----------------------------------------------------------------------
         -----------------------------------------------------------------------


         The   undersigned   agrees  to  promptly  notify  the  Company  of  any
inaccuracies  or  changes  in the  information  provided  herein  that may occur
subsequent  to the date  hereof  at any time  while the  Registration  Statement
remains effective.

         By signing  below,  the  undersigned  consents to the disclosure of the
information  contained  herein  in its  answers  to  Items 1  through  6 and the
inclusion of such  information  in the  Registration  Statement  and the related
prospectus.  The undersigned  understands  that such  information will be relied
upon by the Company in  connection  with the  preparation  or  amendment  of the
Registration Statement and the related prospectus.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused
this Notice and  Questionnaire  to be executed and delivered either in person or
by its duly authorized agent.

Dated: _______________________          Beneficial Owner:____________________
                                        By:__________________________________
                                           Name:
                                           Title:

PLEASE FAX A COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED  NOTICE AND  QUESTIONNAIRE,  AND
RETURN THE ORIGINAL BY OVERNIGHT MAIL, TO:






                                       22
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exh10-3_warrant.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXH 10-3 WARRANT
<TEXT>











                                  EXHIBIT 10.3

                     FORM OF COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT




<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT C

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE
HAVE  BEEN  REGISTERED  WITH  THE  SECURITIES  AND  EXCHANGE  COMMISSION  OR THE
SECURITIES   COMMISSION  OF  ANY  STATE  IN  RELIANCE  UPON  AN  EXEMPTION  FROM
REGISTRATION  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OF 1933,  AS AMENDED  (THE  "SECURITIES
ACT"),  AND,  ACCORDINGLY,  MAY NOT BE OFFERED  OR SOLD  EXCEPT  PURSUANT  TO AN
EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
AVAILABLE  EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE  REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS  OF THE  SECURITIES  ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE  WITH  APPLICABLE  STATE
SECURITIES  LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO
SUCH  EFFECT,  THE  SUBSTANCE  OF WHICH SHALL BE  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE  TO THE
COMPANY.  THIS  SECURITY  AND THE  SECURITIES  ISSUABLE  UPON  EXERCISE  OF THIS
SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION  WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN  ACCOUNT OR OTHER
LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

                          COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

                To Purchase __________ Shares of Common Stock of

                               CIROND CORPORATION

         THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the "WARRANT")  certifies that, for
value received,  _____________ (the "HOLDER"),  is entitled,  upon the terms and
subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth,
at any time on or after the date hereof (the "INITIAL  EXERCISE DATE") and on or
prior to the close of business on the fifth  anniversary of the Initial Exercise
Date (the "TERMINATION DATE") but not thereafter,  to subscribe for and purchase
from Cirond  Corporation,  a Nevada  corporation (the  "COMPANY"),  up to ______
shares (the "WARRANT  SHARES") of Common Stock,  par value $0.001 per share,  of
the Company (the  "COMMON  STOCK").  The  purchase  price of one share of Common
Stock under this  Warrant  shall be equal to the Exercise  Price,  as defined in
Section 2(b).

         SECTION  1.  DEFINITIONS.  Capitalized  terms  used  and not  otherwise
defined  herein shall have the  meanings  set forth in that  certain  Securities
Purchase  Agreement (the "PURCHASE  AGREEMENT"),  dated December 22, 2004, among
the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

         SECTION 2.   EXERCISE.

                 a)  EXERCISE  OF  WARRANT.  Exercise  of  the  purchase  rights
         represented  by this  Warrant  may be made at any  time or  times on or
         after the Initial  Exercise Date and on or before the Termination  Date
         by  delivery to the Company of a duly  executed  facsimile  copy of the
         Notice of Exercise Form annexed  hereto (or such other office or agency
         of  the  Company  as it may  designate  by  notice  in  writing  to the
         registered  Holder at the address of such Holder appearing on the books
         of the Company);  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,



                                       1
<PAGE>


         within 5 Trading Days of the date  said Notice of Exercise is delivered
         to the Company,  the Holder shall have surrendered  this Warrant to the
         Company and the Company shall have  received  payment of  the aggregate
         Exercise Price  of  the  shares  thereby purchased  by wire transfer or
         cashier's  check drawn on a United States bank.

                 b) EXERCISE  PRICE.  The exercise price of each share of Common
         Stock  under  this  Warrant  shall  be  $0.55,  subject  to  adjustment
         hereunder (the "EXERCISE PRICE").

                 c)  CASHLESS  EXERCISE.  If at any time after one year from the
         date of issuance of this  Warrant  there is no  effective  Registration
         Statement  registering  the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder,
         then  this  Warrant  may also be  exercised  at such time by means of a
         "cashless  exercise" in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a
         certificate  for the number of  Warrant  Shares  equal to the  quotient
         obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

                   (A) = the  Closing  Price  on  the  Trading  Day  immediately
                         preceding the date of such election;

                   (B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted; and

                   (X) = the  number  of  Warrant Shares  issuable upon exercise
                         of this Warrant  in  accordance  with the terms of this
                         Warrant  by means  of a  cash  exercise  rather  than a
                         cashless exercise.

         Notwithstanding  anything  herein to the contrary,  on the  Termination
Date,  this Warrant  shall be  automatically  exercised  via  cashless  exercise
pursuant to this Section 2(c).


                 d)  EXERCISE  LIMITATIONS;  HOLDER'S  RESTRICTIONS.  The Holder
         shall not have the  right to  exercise  any  portion  of this  Warrant,
         pursuant to Section 2(c) or otherwise,  to the extent that after giving
         effect to such issuance after exercise,  the Holder  (together with the
         Holder's  affiliates),  as  set  forth  on  the  applicable  Notice  of
         Exercise,  would  beneficially  own in excess of 4.99% of the number of
         shares of the Common Stock outstanding  immediately after giving effect
         to such issuance. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of
         shares  of  Common  Stock  beneficially  owned  by the  Holder  and its
         affiliates  shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
         upon  exercise of this Warrant with respect to which the  determination
         of such sentence is being made,  but shall exclude the number of shares
         of Common  Stock  which  would be  issuable  upon (A)  exercise  of the
         remaining,  nonexercised  portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by
         the Holder or any of its  affiliates  and (B) exercise or conversion of
         the unexercised or nonconverted  portion of any other securities of the
         Company (including,  without  limitation,  any other Preferred Stock or
         Warrants)  subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise  analogous
         to the limitation  contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or
         any of its affiliates.  Except as set forth in the preceding  sentence,
         for  purposes  of this  Section  2(d),  beneficial  ownership  shall be
         calculated  in  accordance  with Section  13(d) of the Exchange Act, it
         being  acknowledged  by Holder that the Company is not  representing to
         Holder that such calculation is in


                                       2
<PAGE>


         compliance  with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Holder is solely
         responsible  for any  schedules  required  to be  filed  in  accordance
         therewith.  To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section
         2(d) applies,  the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable
         (in  relation to other  securities  owned by the Holder) and of which a
         portion of this Warrant is exercisable  shall be in the sole discretion
         of such Holder,  and the  submission  of a Notice of Exercise  shall be
         deemed to be such  Holder's  determination  of whether  this Warrant is
         exercisable (in relation to other  securities owned by such Holder) and
         of which portion of this Warrant is  exercisable,  in each case subject
         to such aggregate percentage limitation,  and the Company shall have no
         obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. For
         purposes of this Section 2(d), in determining the number of outstanding
         shares  of  Common  Stock,  the  Holder  may  rely  on  the  number  of
         outstanding  shares of Common Stock as  reflected in (x) the  Company's
         most recent Form 10-QSB or Form 10-KSB,  as the case may be, (y) a more
         recent  public  announcement  by the Company or (z) any other notice by
         the Company or the Company's Transfer Agent setting forth the number of
         shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of
         the Holder,  the Company  shall within two Trading Days confirm  orally
         and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common  Stock then
         outstanding.  In any case, the number of  outstanding  shares of Common
         Stock shall be  determined  after giving  effect to the  conversion  or
         exercise of securities of the Company,  including this Warrant,  by the
         Holder  or its  affiliates  since the date as of which  such  number of
         outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported.

                 e)    MECHANICS OF EXERCISE.

                           i.  AUTHORIZATION  OF  WARRANT  SHARES.  The  Company
                       covenants  that all  Warrant  Shares  which may be issued
                       upon the exercise of the purchase  rights  represented by
                       this Warrant will,  upon exercise of the purchase  rights
                       represented by this Warrant, be duly authorized,  validly
                       issued,  fully paid and  nonassessable  and free from all
                       taxes,  liens and charges in respect of the issue thereof
                       (other  than taxes in respect of any  transfer  occurring
                       contemporaneously with such issue). The Company covenants
                       that  during the period the  Warrant is  outstanding,  it
                       will reserve  from its  authorized  and  unissued  Common
                       Stock a  sufficient  number of shares to provide  for the
                       issuance of the Warrant  Shares upon the  exercise of any
                       purchase  rights under this Warrant.  The Company further
                       covenants   that  its  issuance  of  this  Warrant  shall
                       constitute full authority to its officers who are charged
                       with the duty of executing stock  certificates to execute
                       and  issue the  necessary  certificates  for the  Warrant
                       Shares upon the  exercise of the  purchase  rights  under
                       this Warrant.  The Company will take all such  reasonable
                       action as may be  necessary  to assure that such  Warrant
                       Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation
                       of  any  applicable   law  or   regulation,   or  of  any
                       requirements  of the Trading Market upon which the Common
                       Stock may be listed.

                           ii.   DELIVERY   OF   CERTIFICATES   UPON   EXERCISE.
                       Certificates  for  shares  purchased  hereunder  shall be
                       transmitted  by the transfer  agent of the Company to the
                       Holder by  crediting  the account of the  Holder's  prime



                                       3
<PAGE>


                       broker  with the  Depository  Trust  Company  through its
                       Deposit  Withdrawal Agent  Commission  ("DWAC") system if
                       the  Company  is  a  participant  in  such  system,   and
                       otherwise by physical  delivery to the address  specified
                       by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise  within 3 Trading
                       Days from the  delivery  to the  Company of the Notice of
                       Exercise  Form,  surrender of this Warrant and payment of
                       the aggregate Exercise Price as set forth above ("WARRANT
                       SHARE  DELIVERY  DATE").  This Warrant shall be deemed to
                       have been  exercised  on the date the  Exercise  Price is
                       received  by the  Company.  The Warrant  Shares  shall be
                       deemed  to have  been  issued,  and  Holder  or any other
                       person so  designated to be named therein shall be deemed
                       to have  become a holder of record of such shares for all
                       purposes,  as of the date the Warrant has been  exercised
                       by payment to the Company of the  Exercise  Price and all
                       taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant
                       to  Section  2(e)(vii)  prior  to the  issuance  of  such
                       shares, have been paid.

                           iii. DELIVERY OF NEW WARRANTS UPON EXERCISE.  If this
                       Warrant  shall have been  exercised in part,  the Company
                       shall,  at the time of  delivery  of the  certificate  or
                       certificates  representing  Warrant  Shares,  deliver  to
                       Holder a new Warrant  evidencing  the rights of Holder to
                       purchase the  unpurchased  Warrant  Shares  called for by
                       this  Warrant,  which  new  Warrant  shall  in all  other
                       respects be identical with this Warrant.

                           iv. RESCISSION  RIGHTS. If the Company fails to cause
                       its   transfer   agent  to   transmit  to  the  Holder  a
                       certificate  or  certificates  representing  the  Warrant
                       Shares  pursuant to this Section  2(e)(iv) by the Warrant
                       Share Delivery Date,  then the Holder will have the right
                       to rescind such exercise.

                           v.  BUY-IN  COMPENSATION.  In  addition  to any other
                       rights  available to the Holder,  if the Company fails to
                       cause its  transfer  agent to  transmit  to the  Holder a
                       certificate  or  certificates  representing  the  Warrant
                       Shares  pursuant  to an exercise on or before the Warrant
                       Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is
                       required  by its broker to  purchase  (in an open  market
                       transaction  or  otherwise)  shares  of  Common  Stock to
                       deliver  in  satisfaction  of a sale by the Holder of the
                       Warrant  Shares  which the Holder  anticipated  receiving
                       upon such exercise (a  "BUY-IN"),  then the Company shall
                       (1) pay in cash to the Holder the amount by which (x) the
                       Holder's  total  purchase  price   (including   brokerage
                       commissions,  if any) for the  shares of Common  Stock so
                       purchased  exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying
                       (A) the number of Warrant  Shares  that the  Company  was
                       required to deliver to the Holder in connection  with the
                       exercise  at issue  times (B) the price at which the sell
                       order  giving  rise  to  such  purchase   obligation  was
                       executed,  and (2) at the  option of the  Holder,  either
                       reinstate  the  portion  of the  Warrant  and  equivalent
                       number of Warrant  Shares for which such exercise was not
                       honored  or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of
                       Common  Stock that would have been


                                       4
<PAGE>


                       issued had the Company timely complied with its  exercise
                       and   delivery obligations  hereunder.  For  example,  if
                       the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase
                       price of  $11,000 to  cover a Buy-In  with  respect to an
                       attempted  exercise  of  shares  of  Common Stock with an
                       aggregate   sale  price   giving  rise to  such  purchase
                       obligation   of   $10,000,  under   clause  (1)  of   the
                       immediately  preceding  sentence  the  Company  shall  be
                       required  to  pay  the  Holder  $1,000. The Holder  shall
                       provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts
                       payable to the Holder in respect  of the Buy-In, together
                       with   applicable   confirmations  and   other   evidence
                       reasonably  requested  by  the  Company.  Nothing  herein
                       shall limit a Holder's right to pursue any other remedies
                       available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including,
                       without  limitation,  a  decree  of specific  performance
                       and/or injunctive relief with respect  to  the  Company's
                       failure  to  timely   deliver  certificates  representing
                       shares of Common  Stock  upon  exercise of the Warrant as
                       required pursuant to the terms hereof.

                           vi. NO  FRACTIONAL  SHARES OR  SCRIP.  No  fractional
                       shares or scrip  representing  fractional shares shall be
                       issued  upon  the  exercise  of this  Warrant.  As to any
                       fraction  of a share  which  Holder  would  otherwise  be
                       entitled  to  purchase  upon such  exercise,  the Company
                       shall pay a cash  adjustment  in  respect  of such  final
                       fraction in an amount equal to such  fraction  multiplied
                       by the Exercise Price.

                           vii.  CHARGES,   TAXES  AND  EXPENSES.   Issuance  of
                       certificates  for Warrant  Shares  shall be made  without
                       charge to the  Holder  for any issue or  transfer  tax or
                       other  incidental  expense in respect of the  issuance of
                       such  certificate,  all of which taxes and expenses shall
                       be paid by the Company,  and such  certificates  shall be
                       issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names
                       as may be directed by the Holder; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that
                       in the event  certificates  for Warrant  Shares are to be
                       issued in a name other than the name of the Holder,  this
                       Warrant   when   surrendered   for   exercise   shall  be
                       accompanied by the Assignment  Form attached  hereto duly
                       executed by the Holder; and the Company may require, as a
                       condition  thereto,  the payment of a sum  sufficient  to
                       reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto.

                           viii.  CLOSING OF BOOKS.  The Company  will not close
                       its  stockholder  books or records  in any  manner  which
                       prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to
                       the terms hereof.

         SECTION 3.   CERTAIN ADJUSTMENTS.

                 a) STOCK  DIVIDENDS  AND SPLITS.  If the  Company,  at any time
         while  this  Warrant  is  outstanding:  (A)  pays a stock  dividend  or
         otherwise make a distribution or  distributions on shares of its Common
         Stock or any other equity or equity  equivalent  securities  payable in
         shares  of Common  Stock  (which,  for  avoidance  of doubt,  shall not

                                       5
<PAGE>

         include any shares of Common  Stock  issued by the Company  pursuant to
         this Warrant), (B) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
         larger  number of shares,  (C)  combines  (including  by way of reverse
         stock split)  outstanding  shares of Common Stock into a smaller number
         of shares,  or (D) issues by  reclassification  of shares of the Common
         Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the
         Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator
         shall be the  number  of shares of  Common  Stock  (excluding  treasury
         shares,  if  any)  outstanding  before  such  event  and of  which  the
         denominator  shall be the number of shares of Common Stock  outstanding
         after such event and the number of shares  issuable  upon  exercise  of
         this Warrant shall be  proportionately  adjusted.  Any adjustment  made
         pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective  immediately after
         the record  date for the  determination  of  stockholders  entitled  to
         receive  such  dividend  or  distribution  and shall  become  effective
         immediately  after  the  effective  date in the case of a  subdivision,
         combination or re-classification.

                 b) SUBSEQUENT  EQUITY SALES.  If the Company or any  Subsidiary
         thereof, as applicable,  at any time while this Warrant is outstanding,
         shall offer, sell, grant any option to purchase or offer, sell or grant
         any right to reprice its securities,  or otherwise  dispose of or issue
         (or announce any offer,  sale, grant or any option to purchase or other
         disposition) any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents entitling any
         Person to acquire  shares of Common  Stock,  at an effective  price per
         share less than the then  Exercise  Price (such lower price,  the "BASE
         SHARE PRICE" and such issuances  collectively,  a "DILUTIVE ISSUANCE"),
         as  adjusted  hereunder  (if the holder of the  Common  Stock or Common
         Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time,  whether by operation of
         purchase price  adjustments,  reset  provisions,  floating  conversion,
         exercise or exchange prices or otherwise,  or due to warrants,  options
         or rights per share which is issued in connection  with such  issuance,
         be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per
         share which is less than the Exercise  Price,  such  issuance  shall be
         deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise  Price),  then,  the
         Exercise  Price  shall be  reduced  to a price  equal to the Base Share
         Price and the  number of Warrant  Shares  issuable  hereunder  shall be
         increased  such that the aggregate  Exercise  Price payable  hereunder,
         after taking into account the decrease in the Exercise Price,  shall be
         equal to the aggregate  Exercise Price prior to such  adjustment.  Such
         adjustment  shall be made  whenever  such Common  Stock or Common Stock
         Equivalents are issued. The Company shall notify the Holder in writing,
         no later than the  Trading  Day  following  the  issuance of any Common
         Stock or Common Stock Equivalents  subject to this section,  indicating
         therein the applicable  issuance price,  or of applicable  reset price,
         exchange price,  conversion  price and other pricing terms (such notice
         the "DILUTIVE ISSUANCE NOTICE"). For purposes of clarification, whether
         or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this
         Section 3(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive  Issuance,  after the
         date of such  Dilutive  Issuance  the Holder is  entitled  to receive a
         number of Warrant Shares based upon the Base Share Price  regardless of
         whether  the Holder  accurately  refers to the Base Share  Price in the
         Notice of Exercise.

                 c) PRO RATA DISTRIBUTIONS. If the Company, at any time prior to
         the Termination  Date,  shall distribute to all holders of Common Stock
         (and not to Holders of the Warrants)  evidences of its  indebtedness or
         assets or rights or warrants to subscribe  for


                                       6
<PAGE>

         or purchase  any  security  other than the Common Stock (which shall be
         subject to Section  3(b)),  then in each such case the  Exercise  Price
         shall  be  adjusted  by  multiplying   the  Exercise  Price  in  effect
         immediately  prior  to the  record  date  fixed  for  determination  of
         stockholders  entitled to receive  such  distribution  by a fraction of
         which the denominator  shall be the Closing Price  determined as of the
         record date mentioned  above,  and of which the numerator shall be such
         Closing  Price on such  record date less the then per share fair market
         value at such  record date of the portion of such assets or evidence of
         indebtedness so distributed  applicable to one outstanding share of the
         Common Stock as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith.  In
         either case the adjustments shall be described in a statement  provided
         to the Holders of the portion of assets or evidences of indebtedness so
         distributed  or such  subscription  rights  applicable  to one share of
         Common  Stock.   Such  adjustment  shall  be  made  whenever  any  such
         distribution is made and shall become effective  immediately  after the
         record date mentioned above.

                 d) CALCULATIONS. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be
         made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case
         may be. For  purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common
         Stock  outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of
         shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding.

                 e)    NOTICE TO HOLDERS.

                           i.  ADJUSTMENT  TO  EXERCISE   PRICE.   Whenever  the
                       Exercise  Price is adjusted  pursuant to this  Section 3,
                       the Company  shall  promptly mail to each Holder a notice
                       setting  forth the Exercise  Price after such  adjustment
                       and  setting  forth  a  brief   statement  of  the  facts
                       requiring  such  adjustment.  If  the  Company  issues  a
                       variable rate security,  despite the prohibition  thereon
                       in the Purchase Agreement, the Company shall be deemed to
                       have issued Common Stock or Common Stock  Equivalents  at
                       the lowest possible conversion or exercise price at which
                       such securities may be converted or exercised in the case
                       of  a  Variable  Rate  Transaction  (as  defined  in  the
                       Purchase Agreement).

                           ii.  NOTICE TO ALLOW  EXERCISE BY HOLDER.  If (A) the
                       Company   shall   declare  a   dividend   (or  any  other
                       distribution)  on the Common Stock; (B) the Company shall
                       declare  a special  nonrecurring  cash  dividend  on or a
                       redemption  of the Common  Stock;  (C) the Company  shall
                       authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock
                       rights or  warrants  to  subscribe  for or  purchase  any
                       shares of  capital  stock of any class or of any  rights;
                       (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall
                       be required in connection  with any  reclassification  of
                       the Common Stock,  any  consolidation  or merger to which
                       the  Company is a party,  any sale or  transfer of all or
                       substantially  all of the assets of the  Company,  of any
                       compulsory  share  exchange  whereby the Common  Stock is
                       converted into other  securities,  cash or property;  (E)
                       the Company shall  authorize the voluntary or involuntary
                       dissolution,  liquidation or winding up of the affairs of
                       the Company;  then, in each case, the Company shall cause
                       to be

                                       7
<PAGE>

                       mailed to the  Holder at its last  addresses  as it shall
                       appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least
                       20  calendar  days  prior  to the  applicable  record  or
                       effective date  hereinafter  specified,  a notice stating
                       (x) the  date on which a  record  is to be taken  for the
                       purpose  of  such  dividend,  distribution,   redemption,
                       rights  or  warrants,  or if a record is not to be taken,
                       the date as of which the  holders of the Common  Stock of
                       record to be  entitled to such  dividend,  distributions,
                       redemption,  rights or warrants are to be  determined  or
                       (y)   the   date   on   which   such    reclassification,
                       consolidation,  merger,  sale, transfer or share exchange
                       is expected to become effective or close, and the date as
                       of which it is expected  that holders of the Common Stock
                       of record  shall be entitled to exchange  their shares of
                       the Common Stock for  securities,  cash or other property
                       deliverable  upon such  reclassification,  consolidation,
                       merger, sale, transfer or share exchange;  PROVIDED, that
                       the failure to mail such notice or any defect  therein or
                       in the mailing  thereof  shall not affect the validity of
                       the  corporate  action  required to be  specified in such
                       notice.  The Holder is entitled to exercise  this Warrant
                       during  the  20-day  period  commencing  the date of such
                       notice to the effective date of the event triggering such
                       notice.

                 f) FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION.  If, at any time while this Warrant
         is outstanding,  (A) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of
         the Company with or into another  Person,  (B) the Company  effects any
         sale of all or  substantially  all of its  assets in one or a series of
         related  transactions,  (C) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether
         by the  Company  or  another  Person) is  completed  pursuant  to which
         holders  of Common  Stock are  permitted  to tender or  exchange  their
         shares  for other  securities,  cash or  property,  or (D) the  Company
         effects  any  reclassification  of the Common  Stock or any  compulsory
         share  exchange  pursuant  to which  the  Common  Stock is  effectively
         converted into or exchanged for other securities,  cash or property (in
         any such case, a "FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION"),  then, upon any subsequent
         conversion of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive,
         for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise
         absent such Fundamental  Transaction,  at the option of the Holder, (a)
         upon exercise of this Warrant,  the number of shares of Common Stock of
         the successor or acquiring  corporation or of the Company, if it is the
         surviving corporation,  and Alternate Consideration  receivable upon or
         as  a  result  of  such   reorganization,   reclassification,   merger,
         consolidation  or  disposition  of assets by a Holder of the  number of
         shares  of  Common  Stock  for  which  this   Warrant  is   exercisable
         immediately  prior to such event or (b) cash equal to the value of this
         Warrant as  determined  in  accordance  with the  Black-Scholes  option
         pricing  formula (the "ALTERNATE  CONSIDERATION").  For purposes of any
         such  exercise,  the  determination  of the  Exercise  Price  shall  be
         appropriately  adjusted to apply to such Alternate  Consideration based
         on the amount of  Alternate  Consideration  issuable  in respect of one
         share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,  and the Company
         shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in
         a reasonable  manner  reflecting  the relative  value of any  different
         components of the Alternate  Consideration.  If holders of Common Stock
         are  given any  choice as to the  securities,  cash or  property  to be
         received in a Fundamental  Transaction,  then the Holder shall be given
         the same choice as to the Alternate


                                       8
<PAGE>

         Consideration  it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant  following
         such Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the
         foregoing provisions,  any successor to the Company or surviving entity
         in such Fundamental Transaction shall issue to the Holder a new warrant
         consistent  with the foregoing  provisions  and evidencing the Holder's
         right to exercise such warrant into Alternate Consideration.  The terms
         of any  agreement  pursuant  to  which  a  Fundamental  Transaction  is
         effected shall include terms  requiring any such successor or surviving
         entity to comply with the provisions of this paragraph (f) and insuring
         that this Warrant (or any such replacement  security) will be similarly
         adjusted  upon any  subsequent  transaction  analogous to a Fundamental
         Transaction.

                 g)  EXEMPT   ISSUANCE.   Notwithstanding   the  foregoing,   no
         adjustments, Alternate Consideration nor notices shall be made, paid or
         issued under this Section 3 in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

                 h) VOLUNTARY ADJUSTMENT BY COMPANY. The Company may at any time
         during the term of this Warrant reduce the then current  Exercise Price
         to any  amount  and for any period of time  deemed  appropriate  by the
         Board of Directors of the Company.

         SECTION 4.  TRANSFER OF WARRANT.

                 a)  TRANSFERABILITY.  Subject to compliance with any applicable
         securities  laws and the conditions set forth in Sections 5(a) and 4(d)
         hereof and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase  Agreement,
         this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable,  in whole or in
         part,  upon  surrender of this Warrant at the  principal  office of the
         Company,   together   with  a  written   assignment   of  this  Warrant
         substantially  in the form attached  hereto duly executed by the Holder
         or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes
         payable upon the making of such  transfer.  Upon such surrender and, if
         required,  such  payment,  the Company  shall execute and deliver a new
         Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees and in the
         denomination   or   denominations   specified  in  such  instrument  of
         assignment,  and shall issue to the  assignor a new Warrant  evidencing
         the portion of this  Warrant not so assigned,  and this  Warrant  shall
         promptly  be  cancelled.  A  Warrant,  if  properly  assigned,  may  be
         exercised  by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant  Shares  without
         having a new Warrant issued.

                 b) NEW  WARRANTS.  This Warrant may be divided or combined with
         other Warrants upon presentation  hereof at the aforesaid office of the
         Company,  together  with a  written  notice  specifying  the  names and
         denominations  in which new  Warrants  are to be issued,  signed by the
         Holder or its agent or  attorney.  Subject to  compliance  with Section
         4(a),  as to any  transfer  which may be involved  in such  division or
         combination,  the  Company  shall  execute and deliver a new Warrant or
         Warrants  in  exchange  for the  Warrant or  Warrants  to be divided or
         combined in accordance with such notice.

                 c) WARRANT  REGISTER.  The Company shall register this Warrant,
         upon  records to be  maintained  by the Company for that  purpose  (the
         "WARRANT REGISTER"),  in the name of the record Holder hereof from time
         to time. The Company may deem and treat the  registered  Holder of this
         Warrant as the  absolute  owner  hereof for the purpose of any


                                       9
<PAGE>

         exercise hereof or any  distribution  to the Holder,  and for all other
         purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

                 d) TRANSFER  RESTRICTIONS.  If, at the time of the surrender of
         this  Warrant in  connection  with any  transfer of this  Warrant,  the
         transfer  of  this  Warrant  shall  not be  registered  pursuant  to an
         effective  registration  statement  under the  Securities Act and under
         applicable  state securities or blue sky laws, the Company may require,
         as a  condition  of  allowing  such  transfer  (i) that the  Holder  or
         transferee of this Warrant,  as the case may be, furnish to the Company
         a written opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance
         and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions)
         to the effect that such transfer may be made without registration under
         the Securities Act and under  applicable  state  securities or blue sky
         laws,  (ii) that the holder or  transferee  execute  and deliver to the
         Company an investment  letter in form and  substance  acceptable to the
         Company and (iii) that the  transferee be an  "accredited  investor" as
         defined  in  Rule  501(a)(1),   (a)(2),   (a)(3),   (a)(7),  or  (a)(8)
         promulgated under the Securities Act or a qualified institutional buyer
         as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

         SECTION 5.  MISCELLANEOUS.

                 a) TITLE TO WARRANT.  Prior to the Termination Date and subject
         to compliance with applicable laws and Section 4 of this Warrant,  this
         Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part,
         at the  office or agency of the  Company  by the Holder in person or by
         duly authorized attorney,  upon surrender of this Warrant together with
         the Assignment  Form annexed hereto properly  endorsed.  The transferee
         shall  sign an  investment  letter  in form  and  substance  reasonably
         satisfactory to the Company.

                 b) NO RIGHTS AS SHAREHOLDER  UNTIL EXERCISE.  This Warrant does
         not  entitle  the  Holder to any  voting  rights  or other  rights as a
         shareholder  of the  Company  prior to the  exercise  hereof.  Upon the
         surrender  of this  Warrant and the payment of the  aggregate  Exercise
         Price  (or by means of a  cashless  exercise),  the  Warrant  Shares so
         purchased  shall be and be deemed  to be  issued to such  Holder as the
         record owner of such shares as of the close of business on the later of
         the date of such surrender or payment.

                 c) LOSS,  THEFT,  DESTRUCTION  OR  MUTILATION  OF WARRANT.  The
         Company  covenants  that  upon  receipt  by  the  Company  of  evidence
         reasonably  satisfactory  to it of  the  loss,  theft,  destruction  or
         mutilation  of this  Warrant or any stock  certificate  relating to the
         Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity
         or security  reasonably  satisfactory to it (which,  in the case of the
         Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender
         and  cancellation of such Warrant or stock  certificate,  if mutilated,
         the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of
         like tenor and dated as of such  cancellation,  in lieu of such Warrant
         or stock certificate.

                 d) SATURDAYS,  SUNDAYS, HOLIDAYS, ETC. If the last or appointed
         day for  the  taking  of any  action  or the  expiration  of any  right
         required  or  granted  herein  shall be a  Saturday,  Sunday or a legal
         holiday,  then such action may be taken or such right may be  exercised
         on the next succeeding day not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday.


                                       10
<PAGE>

                 e) AUTHORIZED SHARES.

                           The  Company  covenants  that  during  the period the
                  Warrant is  outstanding,  it will reserve from its  authorized
                  and unissued  Common  Stock a  sufficient  number of shares to
                  provide  for the  issuance  of the  Warrant  Shares  upon  the
                  exercise  of any  purchase  rights  under  this  Warrant.  The
                  Company  further  covenants  that its issuance of this Warrant
                  shall  constitute  full  authority  to its  officers  who  are
                  charged  with  the duty of  executing  stock  certificates  to
                  execute and issue the necessary  certificates  for the Warrant
                  Shares upon the  exercise of the  purchase  rights  under this
                  Warrant.  The Company will take all such reasonable  action as
                  may be  necessary  to assure that such  Warrant  Shares may be
                  issued as provided herein without  violation of any applicable
                  law or  regulation,  or of  any  requirements  of the  Trading
                  Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed.

                           Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by
                  the Holder,  the Company  shall not by any action,  including,
                  without limitation,  amending its certificate of incorporation
                  or   through   any   reorganization,   transfer   of   assets,
                  consolidation,   merger,   dissolution,   issue   or  sale  of
                  securities  or any other  voluntary  action,  avoid or seek to
                  avoid the  observance  or  performance  of any of the terms of
                  this  Warrant,  but will at all times in good faith  assist in
                  the  carrying  out of all such  terms and in the taking of all
                  such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the
                  rights  of  Holder  as  set  forth  in  this  Warrant  against
                  impairment.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
                  the Company will (a) not increase the par value of any Warrant
                  Shares above the amount  payable  therefor  upon such exercise
                  immediately  prior to such increase in par value, (b) take all
                  such action as may be necessary or  appropriate  in order that
                  the  Company  may  validly  and  legally  issue fully paid and
                  nonassessable   Warrant  Shares  upon  the  exercise  of  this
                  Warrant, and (c) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
                  all  such  authorizations,  exemptions  or  consents  from any
                  public regulatory body having  jurisdiction  thereof as may be
                  necessary  to enable the  Company to perform  its  obligations
                  under this Warrant.

                           Before  taking any action  which  would  result in an
                  adjustment  in the  number of  Warrant  Shares  for which this
                  Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise  Price,  the Company
                  shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or
                  consents  thereto,   as  may  be  necessary  from  any  public
                  regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

                 f)  JURISDICTION.  All questions  concerning the  construction,
         validity,  enforcement  and  interpretation  of this  Warrant  shall be
         determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

                 g)  RESTRICTIONS.  The  Holder  acknowledges  that the  Warrant
         Shares  acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant,  if not registered,
         will  have  restrictions  upon  resale  imposed  by state  and  federal
         securities laws.

                                       11
<PAGE>

                 h) NONWAIVER AND EXPENSES. No course of dealing or any delay or
         failure to exercise  any right  hereunder  on the part of Holder  shall
         operate  as a waiver  of such  right or  otherwise  prejudice  Holder's
         rights,  powers or remedies,  notwithstanding  the fact that all rights
         hereunder  terminate on the Termination  Date. If the Company willfully
         and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which
         results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to
         Holder  such  amounts  as shall be  sufficient  to cover  any costs and
         expenses  including,  but not limited to,  reasonable  attorneys' fees,
         including  those  of  appellate  proceedings,  incurred  by  Holder  in
         collecting  any amounts due pursuant  hereto or in otherwise  enforcing
         any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

                 i) NOTICES.  Any notice,  request or other document required or
         permitted to be given or  delivered to the Holder by the Company  shall
         be delivered in accordance  with the notice  provisions of the Purchase
         Agreement.

                 j) LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. No provision hereof, in the absence
         of any  affirmative  action by  Holder  to  exercise  this  Warrant  or
         purchase  Warrant  Shares,  and no enumeration  herein of the rights or
         privileges  of Holder,  shall give rise to any  liability of Holder for
         the  purchase  price of any  Common  Stock or as a  stockholder  of the
         Company,  whether  such  liability  is  asserted  by the  Company or by
         creditors of the Company.

                 k) REMEDIES.  Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise
         all rights  granted by law,  including  recovery  of  damages,  will be
         entitled to specific  performance of its rights under this Warrant. The
         Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation
         for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the  provisions of
         this  Warrant and hereby  agrees to waive the defense in any action for
         specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

                 l) SUCCESSORS  AND ASSIGNS.  Subject to  applicable  securities
         laws,  this  Warrant and the rights and  obligations  evidenced  hereby
         shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors of the
         Company  and the  successors  and  permitted  assigns  of  Holder.  The
         provisions  of this  Warrant are  intended to be for the benefit of all
         Holders from time to time of this Warrant and shall be  enforceable  by
         any such Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

                 m)  AMENDMENT.  This  Warrant may be modified or amended or the
         provisions  hereof  waived with the written  consent of the Company and
         the Holder.

                 n)  SEVERABILITY.  Wherever  possible,  each  provision of this
         Warrant  shall be  interpreted  in such manner as to be  effective  and
         valid under  applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall
         be prohibited by or invalid under  applicable law, such provision shall
         be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without
         invalidating   the  remainder  of  such  provisions  or  the  remaining
         provisions of this Warrant.

                 o)  HEADINGS.  The  headings  used in this  Warrant are for the
         convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
         a part of this Warrant.

                              ********************


                                       12
<PAGE>




         IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  Company  has  caused  this  Warrant  to  be
executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized.


Dated:  December 22, 2004

                                            CIROND CORPORATION


                                            By:
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:
                                               Title:















                                       13


<PAGE>

                               NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: CIROND CORPORATION

         (1) The undersigned  hereby elects to purchase  ________ Warrant Shares
of the Company  pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders  herewith payment of the exercise price in full,  together
with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

         (2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

             [ ] in lawful money of the United States; or

             [ ] the  cancellation  of  such  number  of  Warrant  Shares  as is
                 necessary,  in  accordance  with   the  formula  set  forth  in
                 subsection  2(c),  to exercise this Warrant with respect to the
                 maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable  pursuant  to  the
                 cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

         (3)  Please  issue a  certificate  or  certificates  representing  said
Warrant  Shares  in the  name of the  undersigned  or in such  other  name as is
specified below:

             -------------------------------------

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following:

             -------------------------------------

             -------------------------------------

             -------------------------------------


         (4) ACCREDITED INVESTOR. The undersigned is an "accredited investor" as
defined  in  Regulation  D  promulgated  under the  Securities  Act of 1933,  as
amended.

                                  [PURCHASER]


                                  By:
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                     Name:
                                     Title:

                                  Dated:
                                        ----------------------------------------




<PAGE>




                                 ASSIGNMENT FORM

                    (To assign the foregoing warrant, execute
                   this form and supply required information.
                 Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)



         FOR VALUE  RECEIVED,  the  foregoing  Warrant and all rights  evidenced
thereby are hereby assigned to


                                                whose address is
- -----------------------------------------------

- ---------------------------------------------------------------.


- ---------------------------------------------------------------


                                         Dated:
                                               ------------------, ------

                Holder's Signature:
                                   ----------------------------------------

                Holder's Address:
                                   ----------------------------------------

                                   ----------------------------------------

                                   ----------------------------------------



Signature Guaranteed:
                     --------------------------------------------

NOTE: The signature to this  Assignment Form must correspond with the name as it
appears on the face of the Warrant,  without  alteration or  enlargement  or any
change whatsoever,  and must be guaranteed by a bank or trust company.  Officers
of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity
should file proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>exh10-4_investment.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXH 10-4 INVESTMENT
<TEXT>











                                  EXHIBIT 10.4

                      FORM OF ADDITIONAL INVESTMENT RIGHT


<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT E

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE
HAVE  BEEN  REGISTERED  WITH  THE  SECURITIES  AND  EXCHANGE  COMMISSION  OR THE
SECURITIES   COMMISSION  OF  ANY  STATE  IN  RELIANCE  UPON  AN  EXEMPTION  FROM
REGISTRATION  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OF 1933,  AS AMENDED  (THE  "SECURITIES
ACT"),  AND,  ACCORDINGLY,  MAY NOT BE OFFERED  OR SOLD  EXCEPT  PURSUANT  TO AN
EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
AVAILABLE  EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE  REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS  OF THE  SECURITIES  ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE  WITH  APPLICABLE  STATE
SECURITIES  LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO
SUCH  EFFECT,  THE  SUBSTANCE  OF WHICH SHALL BE  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE  TO THE
COMPANY.  THIS  SECURITY  AND THE  SECURITIES  ISSUABLE  UPON  EXERCISE  OF THIS
SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION  WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN  ACCOUNT OR OTHER
LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES

                           ADDITIONAL INVESTMENT RIGHT

       To Purchase $________ Stated Value of Preferred Stock and Warrants

                               CIROND CORPORATION

         THIS ADDITIONAL  INVESTMENT RIGHT (the "AIR") certifies that, for value
received,  _____________ (the "HOLDER"), is entitled, upon the terms and subject
to the limitations on exercise and the conditions  hereinafter set forth, at any
time on or after the date hereof (the "INITIAL  EXERCISE  DATE") and on or prior
to the  earlier of the close of  business  on the six month  anniversary  of the
Effective Date and the two year and one day  anniversary of the date hereof (the
"TERMINATION  DATE") but not  thereafter,  to subscribe  for and  purchase  from
Cirond Corporation,  a Nevada corporation (the "COMPANY"),  up to $_____________
Stated  Value of Series B 5%  Convertible  Preferred  Stock (the "AIR  PREFERRED
STOCK")  and  warrants  to  purchase  shares of Common  Stock of the  Company as
described  herein at an  exercise  price of $0.55 per  share  (the "AIR  WARRANT
EXERCISE  PRICE")  (subject to adjustment  hereunder and  thereunder)  (the "AIR
WARRANT").  Upon the purchase hereunder of AIR Preferred Stock, the Holder shall
receive a warrant to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 50% of
the shares of Common Stock  underlying  such AIR  Preferred  Stock.  The initial
conversion  price of the Preferred Stock shall be equal to $0.43 as described in
the Certificate of Designations,  subject to adjustment thereunder and hereunder
("AIR  PREFERRED  STOCK  CONVERSION  PRICE").  The AIR  Preferred  Stock and AIR
Warrant shall be in the form of the Preferred  Stock and Warrants (with the same
rights,  privileges  and  preferences  set forth in the  Transaction  Documents,
including without limitation, the Certificate of Designation) issued pursuant to
the Purchase  Agreement,  MUTATIS MUTANDIS.  The AIR Preferred Stock and the AIR
Warrant  shall be  collectively  referred  to as the "AIR  SECURITIES."  The AIR
Warrant  Exercise Price and the AIR Preferred  Stock  Conversion  Price shall be
collectively  referred to herein as the "AIR CONVERSION PRICE."  Notwithstanding
anything  herein  to the  contrary,  in the event of any  adjustment  to the AIR


                                       1
<PAGE>

Conversion  Price under the Certificate of Designation that would also otherwise
result in an adjustment  hereunder,  the  adjustment  under the  Certificate  of
Designation shall control and no adjustment hereunder shall occur.

         SECTION  1.  DEFINITIONS.  Capitalized  terms  used  and not  otherwise
defined  herein shall have the  meanings  set forth in that  certain  Securities
Purchase  Agreement (the "PURCHASE  AGREEMENT"),  dated December 22, 2004, among
the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

         SECTION 2.   EXERCISE.

                 a) EXERCISE OF AIR. Exercise of the purchase rights represented
         by this AIR may be made at any time or  times on or after  the  Initial
         Exercise Date and on or before the Termination  Date by delivery to the
         Company of a duly  executed  facsimile  copy of the Notice of  Exercise
         Form  annexed  hereto (or such other office or agency of the Company as
         it may designate by notice in writing to the  registered  Holder at the
         address of such Holder  appearing  on the books of the Company) and the
         payment of the Stated  Value  thereby  purchased  by wire  transfer  or
         cashier's  check drawn on a United  States bank.  Upon  exercise of the
         AIR,  the Company  shall  issue  shares of AIR  Preferred  Stock with a
         Stated Value equal to the amount paid by the Holder and the AIR Warrant
         to  purchase  a number of shares  of Common  Stock  equal to 50% of the
         shares of Common Stock  issuable upon  conversion of such AIR Preferred
         Stock.

                 b)    MECHANICS OF EXERCISE.

                           i.  AUTHORIZATION  OF AIR PREFERRED STOCK AND THE AIR
                       WARRANT. The Company covenants that during the period the
                       AIR is  outstanding,  it will reserve from its authorized
                       and unissued  Common Stock a sufficient  number of shares
                       to  provide  for the  issuance  of all of the  shares  of
                       Common Stock  underlying the AIR Preferred  Stock and AIR
                       Warrant (the collectively,  "AIR CONVERSION SHARES"). The
                       Company  further  covenants that its issuance of this AIR
                       shall  constitute  full authority to its officers who are
                       charged  with  the  duty  of  executing  certificates  to
                       execute and issue the necessary  certificates for the AIR
                       Securities upon the exercise of the purchase rights under
                       this AIR and certificates upon conversion and exercise of
                       the AIR  Securities.  The Company  covenants that the AIR
                       Securities  which may be issued upon the  exercise of the
                       purchase  rights  represented  by  this  AIR  and the AIR
                       Conversion Shares issuable thereunder will, upon exercise
                       of the purchase  rights  represented by this AIR, be duly
                       authorized,  validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
                       and free from all taxes,  liens and charges in respect of
                       the issue  thereof  (other  than  taxes in respect of any
                       transfer  occurring  contemporaneously  with such issue).
                       The Company will take all such  reasonable  action as may
                       be  necessary to assure that the AIR  Securities  and AIR
                       Conversion  Shares  may  be  issued  as  provided  herein
                       without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or
                       of any  requirements of the Trading Market upon which the
                       Common Stock may be listed.

                                       2
<PAGE>



                           ii.   DELIVERY   OF   CERTIFICATES   UPON   EXERCISE.
                       Certificates for the AIR Securities  purchased  hereunder
                       shall be  delivered  to the Holder  within 3 Trading Days
                       from  the  delivery  to  the  Company  of the  Notice  of
                       Exercise  Form,  surrender of this AIR and payment of the
                       Stated Value as set forth above ("AIR  SECURITY  DELIVERY
                       DATE").  This AIR shall be deemed to have been  exercised
                       on the  date  the  payment  of the  principal  amount  is
                       received  by the  Company.  The AIR  Securities  shall be
                       deemed  to have  been  issued,  and  Holder  or any other
                       person so  designated to be named therein shall be deemed
                       to have  become a holder of record of such  security  for
                       all purposes,  as of the date the AIR has been  exercised
                       by payment to the Company of the principal amount and all
                       taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant
                       to  Section   2(b)(v)  prior  to  the  issuance  of  such
                       security, have been paid.

                           iii. DELIVERY OF NEW AIRS UPON EXERCISE.  If this AIR
                       shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall,  at
                       the time of delivery of the  certificate or  certificates
                       representing the AIR Securities,  deliver to Holder a new
                       AIR  evidencing  the  rights of Holder  to  purchase  the
                       unpurchased AIR Securities  called for by this AIR, which
                       new AIR shall in all other  respects  be  identical  with
                       this AIR.

                           iv.  RESCISSION  RIGHTS.  If  the  Company  fails  to
                       deliver  to the  Holder  a  certificate  or  certificates
                       representing the AIR Securities  pursuant to this Section
                       2(b)(iv)  by the AIR  Security  Delivery  Date,  then the
                       Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

                           v.   CHARGES,   TAXES  AND   EXPENSES.   Issuance  of
                       certificates  for AIR  Securities  shall be made  without
                       charge to the  Holder  for any issue or  transfer  tax or
                       other  incidental  expense in respect of the  issuance of
                       such  certificate,  all of which taxes and expenses shall
                       be paid by the Company,  and such  certificates  shall be
                       issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names
                       as may be directed by the Holder; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that
                       in the event  certificates  for AIR  Securities are to be
                       issued in a name other than the name of the Holder,  this
                       AIR when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by
                       the Assignment  Form attached hereto duly executed by the
                       Holder;  and the  Company  may  require,  as a  condition
                       thereto,  the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it
                       for any transfer tax incidental thereto.

                           vi. CLOSING OF BOOKS.  The Company will not close its
                       records in any manner which prevents the timely  exercise
                       of  this  AIR,  pursuant  to  the  terms  hereof  or  the
                       conversion or exercise of the AIR Securities  pursuant to
                       the terms hereof.

                 c) CALL  PROVISION.  Subject to the  provisions of this Section
         2(c), (i) if after the Effective Date (x) the Closing Price for each of
         20 consecutive  Trading Days (the  "MEASUREMENT  PERIOD",  which period
         shall not have  commenced  until after the Effective


                                       3
<PAGE>


         Date)  exceeds  the  initial  Conversion  Price  by  150%  (subject  to
         adjustment  as set forth herein) (the "150%  THRESHOLD  PRICE") and (y)
         the daily trading  volume for each Trading Day during such  Measurement
         Period  is  at  least  100,000  shares  of  Common  Stock  (subject  to
         adjustment  for reverse and forward  stock splits and the like) or (ii)
         if after the Effective  Date (x) the Closing Price for the  Measurement
         Period  exceeds  the  initial  Conversion  Price  by 200%  (subject  to
         adjustment   as  set  forth  herein)  (the  "200%   THRESHOLD   PRICE",
         collectively  the 150%  Threshold  Price and the 200%  Threshold  Price
         shall be the  "THRESHOLD  PRICE") and (y) the daily trading  volume for
         each  Trading Day during such  Measurement  Period is at least  100,000
         shares of Common Stock  (subject to adjustment  for reverse and forward
         stock splits and the like) or (iii) if after the  Effective  Date,  the
         Company   closes,   consummates   and   completes  a  firm   commitment
         underwritten public offering of its Common Stock with gross proceeds to
         the Company of at least $10 million (a "QPO") for a per share  purchase
         price of at least $2.00  (subject to adjustment for reverse and forward
         stock splits and the like),  then, (A) with respect to Section  2(c)(i)
         and the 150% Threshold  Price,  the Company may, within one Trading Day
         of the end of such Measurement  Period, call for cancellation of up to,
         in the  aggregate,  among all Holders of the AIR,  for all Call Notices
         (as defined below) relating to the 150% Threshold Price,  $2,000,000 of
         this AIR for which a Notice of Exercise has not yet been delivered, (B)
         with respect to Section  2(c)(ii)  and the 200%  Threshold  Price,  the
         Company  may,  within one  Trading  Day of the end of such  Measurement
         Period call for the cancellation of up to, in the aggregate,  among all
         Holders of the AIR, for all Call Notices (as defined below) relating to
         the 200% Threshold Price,  $2,000,000 of this AIR for which a Notice of
         Exercise  has not yet been  delivered  and (C) with  respect to Section
         2(c)(iii),  the Company may, within one Trading Day of the closing date
         of such  QPO  public  offering,  call  for  cancellation  of all or any
         portion  of this AIR for  which a Notice of  Exercise  has not yet been
         delivered (such right, a "CALL"). For purposes of clarification, if the
         150%  Threshold  Price shall only apply,  in the  aggregate,  among all
         Holders of AIRs, up to $2,000,000.  To exercise this right, the Company
         must  deliver  to the  Holder an  irrevocable  written  notice (a "CALL
         NOTICE"), indicating therein the portion of unexercised portion of this
         AIR to which such notice applies. If the conditions set forth below for
         such  Call  are  satisfied  from the  period  from the date of the Call
         Notice through and including the Call Date (as defined below), then any
         portion of this AIR, as limited by Sections 2(c)(i) and (c)(ii) herein,
         subject to such Call  Notice for which a Notice of  Exercise  shall not
         have been received by the Call Date will be cancelled at 6:30 p.m. (New
         York City time) on the tenth Trading Day after the date the Call Notice
         is received by the Holder (such date, the "CALL DATE"). Any unexercised
         portion of this AIR to which the Call Notice  does not pertain  will be
         unaffected by such Call Notice.  In  furtherance  thereof,  the Company
         covenants  and agrees that it will honor all  Notices of Exercise  with
         respect  to the  AIR  Securities  subject  to a Call  Notice  that  are
         tendered  through 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the Call Date.  The
         parties  agree that any Notice of Exercise  delivered  following a Call
         Notice shall first reduce to zero the number of AIR Securities  subject
         to such Call Notice  prior to reducing  the  remaining  AIR  Securities
         available  for purchase  under this AIR.  For example,  if (x) this AIR
         then permits the Holder to acquire  $100 Stated Value of AIR  Preferred
         Stock,  (y) a Call Notice pertains to $75 Stated Value of AIR Preferred
         Stock, and (z) prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the Call Date
         the Holder  tenders a Notice of Exercise in respect


                                       4
<PAGE>


         of $50 Stated Value of AIR Preferred  Stock,  then (1) on the Call Date
         the right under this AIR to acquire $25 Stated  Value of AIR  Preferred
         Stock will be automatically cancelled, (2) the Company, in the time and
         manner  required  under this AIR, will have issued and delivered to the
         Holder  $50  Stated  Value of AIR  Preferred  Stock in  respect  of the
         exercises following receipt of the Call Notice, and (3) the Holder may,
         until the Termination  Date,  exercise this AIR for $25 Stated Value of
         AIR  Preferred  Stock  (subject to  adjustment  as herein  provided and
         subject to subsequent Call Notices). Subject again to the provisions of
         this Section 2(c), the Company may deliver  subsequent Call Notices for
         any portion of this AIR, as limited by  Sections  2(c)(i) and  (c)(ii),
         for which the Holder  shall not have  delivered  a Notice of  Exercise.
         Notwithstanding  anything to the  contrary  set forth in this AIR,  the
         Company may not deliver a Call  Notice or require the  cancellation  of
         this AIR (and any Call Notice will be void), unless, from the beginning
         of the Measurement  Period through the Call Date (or, with respect to a
         Call triggered by a QPO,  during the 30 consecutive  Trading Days prior
         to such Call Date),  (i) the Company  shall have honored in  accordance
         with the terms of this AIR all  Notices of Exercise  delivered  by 6:30
         p.m.  (New  York City  time) on the Call  Date,  (ii) the  Registration
         Statement  shall  be  effective  as  to  all  shares  of  Common  Stock
         underlying the AIR Securities and the prospectus  thereunder  available
         for use by the  Holder  for the  resale of all such  shares,  (iii) the
         Common  Stock  shall be listed or quoted  for  trading  on the  Trading
         Market and (iv) with respect to a Call  triggered by a QPO, the Company
         shall  have  consummated  such QPO  within 90 days of  giving  the Call
         Notice.  The Company's right to Call the AIR shall be exercised ratably
         among the Holders based on each Holder's  initial purchase of Preferred
         Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

         SECTION 3.  CERTAIN ADJUSTMENTS.

                 a) STOCK  DIVIDENDS  AND SPLITS.  If the  Company,  at any time
         while this AIR is  outstanding:  (A) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
         make a distribution or  distributions  on shares of its Common Stock or
         any other equity or equity equivalent  securities  payable in shares of
         Common Stock  (which,  for  avoidance  of doubt,  shall not include any
         shares  of  Common  Stock  issued by the  Company  pursuant  to the AIR
         Securities),  (B) subdivides  outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
         larger  number of shares,  (C)  combines  (including  by way of reverse
         stock split)  outstanding  shares of Common Stock into a smaller number
         of shares,  or (D) issues by  reclassification  of shares of the Common
         Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the
         AIR  Conversion  Price shall be  multiplied  by a fraction of which the
         numerator  shall be the  number of shares  of Common  Stock  (excluding
         treasury shares, if any) outstanding before such event and of which the
         denominator  shall be the number of shares of Common Stock  outstanding
         after such event.  Any  adjustment  made  pursuant to this Section 3(a)
         shall  become  effective  immediately  after  the  record  date for the
         determination  of  stockholders  entitled to receive  such  dividend or
         distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective
         date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

                 b) SUBSEQUENT  EQUITY SALES.  If the Company or any  Subsidiary
         thereof,  as  applicable,  at any time while  this AIR is  outstanding,
         shall offer, sell, grant any option to purchase or offer, sell or grant
         any right to reprice its securities,  or otherwise  dispose of or issue
         (or announce any offer,  sale, grant or any option to purchase or other
         disposition)

                                       5
<PAGE>


         any Common Stock or Common Stock  Equivalents  entitling  any Person to
         acquire  shares of Common Stock,  at an effective  price per share less
         than the then AIR Conversion  Price (such lower price,  the "BASE SHARE
         PRICE" and such  issuances  collectively,  a "DILUTIVE  ISSUANCE"),  as
         adjusted  hereunder  (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock
         Equivalents  so  issued  shall at any time,  whether  by  operation  of
         purchase price  adjustments,  reset  provisions,  floating  conversion,
         exercise or exchange prices or otherwise,  or due to warrants,  options
         or rights per share which is issued in connection  with such  issuance,
         be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per
         share which is less than the AIR Conversion  Price, such issuance shall
         be deemed to have  occurred  for less than the AIR  Conversion  Price),
         then, the AIR Conversion Price shall be reduced to a price equal to the
         Base  Share  Price.  Additionally,  the  number of AIR  Warrant  Shares
         issuable  hereunder  shall be  increased  such that the  aggregate  AIR
         Warrant Exercise Price payable hereunder, after taking into account the
         decrease in the AIR Conversion  Price,  shall be equal to the aggregate
         AIR Warrant  Exercise Price prior to such  adjustment.  Such adjustment
         shall be made  whenever  such Common Stock or Common Stock  Equivalents
         are issued.  The Company  shall notify the Holder in writing,  no later
         than the  Trading Day  following  the  issuance of any Common  Stock or
         Common Stock Equivalents  subject to this section,  indicating  therein
         the applicable  issuance price, or of applicable reset price,  exchange
         price,  conversion  price and other  pricing  terms  (such  notice  the
         "DILUTIVE ISSUANCE NOTICE"). For purposes of clarification,  whether or
         not the Company  provides a Dilutive  Issuance  Notice pursuant to this
         Section 3(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive  Issuance,  after the
         date of such  Dilutive  Issuance  the Holder is  entitled  to receive a
         number of  securities  based upon the Base Share  Price  regardless  of
         whether  the Holder  accurately  refers to the Base Share  Price in the
         Notice of Exercise.

                 c) PRO RATA  DISTRIBUTIONS.  If the Company,  at any time while
         this AIR is  outstanding,  distributes  to all holders of Common  Stock
         (and not to Holders)  evidences of its indebtedness or assets or rights
         or warrants to subscribe  for or purchase  any security  other than the
         Common Stock (which shall be subject to Section 3(b), then in each such
         case the AIR Conversion  Price shall be determined by multiplying  such
         AIR  Conversion  Price in effect  immediately  prior to the record date
         fixed for  determination  of  stockholders  entitled  to  receive  such
         distribution  by a  fraction  of  which  the  denominator  shall be the
         Closing Price  determined as of the record date mentioned above, and of
         which the  numerator  shall be such  Closing  Price on such record date
         less the then fair  market  value at such record date of the portion of
         such assets or evidence of  indebtedness  so distributed  applicable to
         one outstanding share of the Common Stock as determined by the Board of
         Directors  in good  faith.  In  either  case the  adjustments  shall be
         described  in a  statement  provided  to the  Holder of the  portion of
         assets or evidences of indebtedness so distributed or such subscription
         rights  applicable to one share of Common Stock.  Such adjustment shall
         be made  whenever  any  such  distribution  is made  and  shall  become
         effective immediately after the record date mentioned above.

                 d)  CALCULATIONS.  All  calculations and adjustments to the AIR
         Conversion Price under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent
         or the nearest  1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of
         this Section 3, the number of shares of

                                       6
<PAGE>


         Common Stock  outstanding as of a  given date  shall be  the sum of the
         number of shares of Common  Stock  (excluding  treasury shares, if any)
         outstanding.

                 e)    NOTICE TO HOLDERS.

                       i. ADJUSTMENT TO AIR CONVERSION  PRICE.  Whenever the AIR
                 Conversion  Price is adjusted  pursuant to this  Section 3, the
                 Company  shall  promptly  mail to each Holder a notice  setting
                 forth  the AIR  Conversion  Price  after  such  adjustment  and
                 setting  forth a brief  statement of the facts  requiring  such
                 adjustment.

                       ii.  NOTICE  TO  ALLOW  EXERCISE  BY  HOLDER.  If (A) the
                 Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution) on
                 the  Common  Stock;  (B) the  Company  shall  declare a special
                 nonrecurring  cash  dividend on or a  redemption  of the Common
                 Stock;  (C) the Company  shall  authorize  the  granting to all
                 holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for
                 or purchase any shares of capital  stock of any class or of any
                 rights;  (D) the  approval of any  stockholders  of the Company
                 shall be required in connection  with any  reclassification  of
                 the  Common  Stock,  any  consolidation  or merger to which the
                 Company  is  a  party,   any  sale  or   transfer   of  all  or
                 substantially  all  of  the  assets  of  the  Company,  of  any
                 compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted
                 into other securities,  cash or property; (E) the Company shall
                 authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation
                 or winding  up of the  affairs of the  Company;  then,  in each
                 case, the Company shall cause to be mailed to the Holder at its
                 last  addresses as it shall appear upon the AIR Register of the
                 Company,  at least 20  calendar  days  prior to the  applicable
                 record  or  effective  date  hereinafter  specified,  a  notice
                 stating  (x) the date on which a record  is to be taken for the
                 purpose of such dividend,  distribution,  redemption, rights or
                 warrants,  or if a record  is not to be  taken,  the date as of
                 which the holders of the Common  Stock of record to be entitled
                 to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants
                 are  to  be   determined   or  (y)  the  date  on  which   such
                 reclassification,  consolidation,  merger,  sale,  transfer  or
                 share  exchange is expected to become  effective or close,  and
                 the date as of which it is expected  that holders of the Common
                 Stock of record  shall be entitled to exchange  their shares of
                 the  Common  Stock  for  securities,  cash  or  other  property
                 deliverable upon such reclassification,  consolidation, merger,
                 sale, transfer or share exchange; PROVIDED, that the failure to
                 mail  such  notice  or any  defect  therein  or in the  mailing
                 thereof shall not affect the validity of the  corporate  action
                 required to be specified in such notice. The Holder is entitled
                 to exercise  this AIR during the 20-day period  commencing  the
                 date  of  such  notice  to the  effective  date  of  the  event
                 triggering such notice.

                 f) FUNDAMENTAL  TRANSACTION.  If, at any time while this AIR is
         outstanding, (A) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the
         Company with or into another  Person,  (B) the Company effects any sale
         of all or substantially all of its assets in



                                       7
<PAGE>

         one or a  series  of  related  transactions,  (C) any  tender  offer or
         exchange offer (whether by the Company or another  Person) is completed
         pursuant to which  holders of Common  Stock are  permitted to tender or
         exchange their shares for other  securities,  cash or property,  or (D)
         the Company  effects any  reclassification  of the Common  Stock or any
         compulsory  share  exchange  pursuant  to  which  the  Common  Stock is
         effectively  converted into or exchanged for other securities,  cash or
         property (in any such case, a "FUNDAMENTAL  TRANSACTION"),  then,  upon
         any subsequent  exercise of this AIR the Holder shall have the right to
         receive  upon  conversion  or  exercise  of  the  AIR  Securities,   as
         applicable, for each AIR Conversion Share that would have been issuable
         upon  such  exercise  and  then  subsequent   conversion   absent  such
         Fundamental  Transaction,  at  the  option  of  the  Holder,  (a)  upon
         conversion or exercise of the AIR Securities, shares of Common Stock of
         the successor or acquiring  corporation or of the Company, if it is the
         surviving corporation,  and Alternate Consideration  receivable upon or
         as  a  result  of  such   reorganization,   reclassification,   merger,
         consolidation  or  disposition  of assets by a Holder of the  number of
         shares of Common  Stock for which the  underlying  AIR  Securities  are
         convertible  immediately  prior to such  event or (b) cash equal to the
         value of this AIR as determined in  accordance  with the  Black-Scholes
         option pricing formula (the "ALTERNATE CONSIDERATION"). For purposes of
         any such deemed  conversion,  the  determination  of the AIR Conversion
         Price  shall be  appropriately  adjusted  to  apply  to such  Alternate
         Consideration based on the amount of Alternate  Consideration  issuable
         in  respect  of  one  share  of  Common   Stock  in  such   Fundamental
         Transaction,  and the Company shall apportion the AIR Conversion  Price
         among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
         relative   value  of  any   different   components   of  the  Alternate
         Consideration.  If holders  of Common  Stock are given any choice as to
         the  securities,  cash or  property  to be  received  in a  Fundamental
         Transaction,  then the Holder  shall be given the same choice as to the
         Alternate  Consideration it receives upon any conversion or exercise of
         the AIR  Securities  underlying  this AIR  following  such  Fundamental
         Transaction.  To the  extent  necessary  to  effectuate  the  foregoing
         provisions,  any  successor to the Company or surviving  entity in such
         Fundamental  Transaction  shall  issue to the  Holder a new  additional
         investment   right   consistent  with  the  foregoing   provisions  and
         evidencing  the Holder's right to exercise such  additional  investment
         right  ultimately  into  Alternate  Consideration.  The  terms  of  any
         agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental Transaction is effected shall
         include  terms  requiring  any such  successor or  surviving  entity to
         comply with the provisions of this paragraph (f) and insuring that this
         AIR (or any such replacement  security) will be similarly adjusted upon
         any subsequent transaction analogous to a Fundamental Transaction.

                 g)  EXEMPT   ISSUANCE.   Notwithstanding   the  foregoing,   no
         adjustments, Alternate Consideration nor notices shall be made, paid or
         issued under this Section 3 in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

                 h) VOLUNTARY ADJUSTMENT BY COMPANY. The Company may at any time
         during  the term of this AIR  reduce the then  current  AIR  Conversion
         Price to any amount and for any period of time  deemed  appropriate  by
         the Board of Directors of the Company.

         SECTION 4.    TRANSFER OF AIR.

                                       8
<PAGE>


                 a)  TRANSFERABILITY.  Subject to compliance with any applicable
         securities  laws and the conditions set forth in Sections 5(a) and 4(e)
         hereof and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase  Agreement,
         this AIR and all  rights  hereunder  are  transferable,  in whole or in
         part,  upon  surrender  of  this  AIR at the  principal  office  of the
         Company,  together with a written  assignment of this AIR substantially
         in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or
         attorney and funds  sufficient  to pay any transfer  taxes payable upon
         the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such
         payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new AIR or AIRs in the
         name  of  the  assignee  or  assignees  and  in  the   denomination  or
         denominations  specified in such  instrument of  assignment,  and shall
         issue to the assignor a new AIR  evidencing the portion of this AIR not
         so  assigned,  and this AIR shall  promptly  be  cancelled.  An AIR, if
         properly assigned, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of
         AIR Securities without having a new AIR issued.

                 b) NEW AIRS.  This AIR may be  divided or  combined  with other
         AIRs upon  presentation  hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
         together with a written notice  specifying the names and  denominations
         in which new AIRs are to be  issued,  signed by the Holder or its agent
         or  attorney.  Subject  to  compliance  with  Section  4(a),  as to any
         transfer  which may be involved in such  division or  combination,  the
         Company shall execute and deliver a new AIR or AIRs in exchange for the
         AIR or AIRs to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice.

                 c) AIR  REGISTER.  The Company  shall  register  this AIR, upon
         records to be  maintained  by the  Company for that  purpose  (the "AIR
         REGISTER"),  in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time.
         The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this AIR as the
         absolute  owner  hereof for the purpose of any  exercise  hereof or any
         distribution to the Holder,  and for all other purposes,  absent actual
         notice to the contrary

                 d) TRANSFER  RESTRICTIONS.  If, at the time of the surrender of
         this AIR in  connection  with any transfer of this AIR, the transfer of
         this AIR shall not be registered pursuant to an effective  registration
         statement  under  the  Securities  Act  and  under   applicable   state
         securities or blue sky laws, the Company may require, as a condition of
         allowing  such  transfer (i) that the Holder or transferee of this AIR,
         as the case may be, furnish to the Company a written opinion of counsel
         (which  opinion  shall be in form,  substance  and scope  customary for
         opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that such
         transfer may be made without  registration under the Securities Act and
         under  applicable  state  securities  or blue sky  laws,  (ii) that the
         holder or  transferee  execute and deliver to the Company an investment
         letter in form and  substance  acceptable to the Company and (iii) that
         the  transferee  be  an  "accredited   investor"  as  defined  in  Rule
         501(a)(1),  (a)(2),  (a)(3),  (a)(7),  or (a)(8)  promulgated under the
         Securities  Act or a qualified  institutional  buyer as defined in Rule
         144A(a) under the Securities Act.

         SECTION 5.    MISCELLANEOUS.

                 a)  TITLE  TO THE  ADDITIONAL  INVESTMENT  RIGHT.  Prior to the
         Termination  Date and subject to compliance  with  applicable  laws and
         Section  4  of  this  AIR,  this  AIR  and

                                       9
<PAGE>

         all  rights  hereunder  are transferable,  in whole or in part,  at the
         office  or  agency  of the  Company  by the Holder in person or by duly
         authorized  attorney,  upon  surrender  of this  AIR  together with the
         Assignment  Form annexed hereto properly endorsed. The transferee shall
         sign an investment letter in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
         to the Company.

                 b) NO RIGHTS AS SHAREHOLDER  UNTIL EXERCISE.  This AIR does not
         entitle  the  Holder  to  any  voting  rights  or  other  rights  as  a
         shareholder  of the  Company  prior to the  exercise  hereof.  Upon the
         surrender of this AIR and the payment of the aggregate  principal,  the
         AIR Securities so purchased shall be and be deemed to be issued to such
         Holder as the record  owner of such  shares as of the close of business
         on the later of the date of such surrender or payment.

                 c) LOSS,  THEFT,  DESTRUCTION OR MUTILATION OF AIR. The Company
         covenants  that upon  receipt  by the  Company of  evidence  reasonably
         satisfactory  to it of the loss,  theft,  destruction  or mutilation of
         this AIR or any certificate relating to the AIR Securities, and in case
         of loss,  theft or  destruction,  of indemnity  or security  reasonably
         satisfactory  to it (which,  in the case of the AIR,  shall not include
         the posting of any bond),  and upon surrender and  cancellation of such
         AIR or certificate,  if mutilated,  the Company will make and deliver a
         new AIR or certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation,
         in lieu of such AIR or certificate.

                 d) SATURDAYS,  SUNDAYS, HOLIDAYS, ETC. If the last or appointed
         day for  the  taking  of any  action  or the  expiration  of any  right
         required  or  granted  herein  shall be a  Saturday,  Sunday or a legal
         holiday,  then such action may be taken or such right may be  exercised
         on the next succeeding day not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday.

                 e)    AUTHORIZED SHARES.

                       Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the
                 Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without
                 limitation,   amending  its  certificate  of  incorporation  or
                 through any reorganization,  transfer of assets, consolidation,
                 merger,  dissolution,  issue or sale of securities or any other
                 voluntary  action,  avoid or seek to avoid  the  observance  or
                 performance  of  any of  the  terms  of  this  AIR  or the  AIR
                 Securities,  but will at all times in good faith  assist in the
                 carrying  out of all such  terms and in the  taking of all such
                 actions as may be  necessary  or  appropriate  to  protect  the
                 rights  of  Holder  as set  forth  in  this  AIR  and  the  AIR
                 Securities against impairment.  Without limiting the generality
                 of the foregoing,  the Company will (a) take all such action as
                 may be necessary or  appropriate  in order that the Company may
                 validly and  legally  issue  fully paid and  nonassessable  AIR
                 Securities  upon the  exercise  of this AIR and AIR  Conversion
                 Shares upon conversion and exercise of the AIR Securities,  and
                 (b) use  commercially  reasonable  efforts  to obtain  all such
                 authorizations,   exemptions   or  consents   from  any  public
                 regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof as may be necessary
                 to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this AIR
                 and the AIR Securities.


                                       10
<PAGE>

                       Before  taking  any  action  which  would  result  in  an
                 adjustment  in  the  AIR  Securities  for  which  this  AIR  is
                 exercisable or in the AIR Conversion  Price,  the Company shall
                 obtain  all  such  authorizations  or  exemptions  thereof,  or
                 consents   thereto,   as  may  be  necessary  from  any  public
                 regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

                 f)  JURISDICTION.  All questions  concerning the  construction,
         validity,   enforcement  and   interpretation  of  this  AIR  shall  be
         determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

                 g)  RESTRICTIONS.   The  Holder   acknowledges   that  the  AIR
         Securities  acquired upon the exercise of this AIR, if not  registered,
         will  have  restrictions  upon  resale  imposed  by state  and  federal
         securities laws.

                 h) NONWAIVER AND EXPENSES. No course of dealing or any delay or
         failure to exercise  any right  hereunder  on the part of Holder  shall
         operate  as a waiver  of such  right or  otherwise  prejudice  Holder's
         rights,  powers or remedies,  notwithstanding  the fact that all rights
         hereunder  terminate on the Termination  Date. If the Company willfully
         and  knowingly  fails to comply with any  provision of this AIR,  which
         results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to
         Holder  such  amounts  as shall be  sufficient  to cover  any costs and
         expenses  including,  but not limited to,  reasonable  attorneys' fees,
         including  those  of  appellate  proceedings,  incurred  by  Holder  in
         collecting  any amounts due pursuant  hereto or in otherwise  enforcing
         any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

                 i) NOTICES.  Any notice,  request or other document required or
         permitted to be given or  delivered to the Holder by the Company  shall
         be delivered in accordance  with the notice  provisions of the Purchase
         Agreement.

                 j) LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. No provision hereof, in the absence
         of any  affirmative  action by Holder to exercise  this AIR or purchase
         AIR Securities,  and no enumeration  herein of the rights or privileges
         of Holder,  shall give rise to any liability of Holder for the purchase
         price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder  of the Company,  whether
         such  liability  is  asserted  by the  Company or by  creditors  of the
         Company.

                 k) REMEDIES.  Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise
         all rights  granted by law,  including  recovery  of  damages,  will be
         entitled  to specific  performance  of its rights  under this AIR.  The
         Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation
         for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the  provisions of
         this AIR and  hereby  agrees to waive the  defense  in any  action  for
         specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

                 l) SUCCESSORS  AND ASSIGNS.  Subject to  applicable  securities
         laws,  this AIR and the rights and obligations  evidenced  hereby shall
         inure to the  benefit  of and be  binding  upon the  successors  of the
         Company  and the  successors  and  permitted  assigns  of  Holder.  The
         provisions  of this  AIR are  intended  to be for  the  benefit  of all
         Holders from

                                       11
<PAGE>

         time to time of this AIR and shall be enforceable by any such Holder or
         holder of AIR Securities.

                 m)  AMENDMENT.  This  AIR may be  modified  or  amended  or the
         provisions  hereof  waived with the written  consent of the Company and
         the Holder.

                 n) SEVERABILITY.  Wherever possible, each provision of this AIR
         shall be  interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under
         applicable law, but if any provision of this AIR shall be prohibited by
         or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to
         the extent of such prohibition or invalidity,  without invalidating the
         remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this AIR.

                 o)  HEADINGS.  The  headings  used  in  this  AIR  are  for the
         convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
         a part of this AIR.


                              ********************

















                                       12
<PAGE>




         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the Company has caused this AIR to be executed by
its officer thereunto duly authorized.


Dated:  December 22, 2004

                                         CIROND CORPORATION


                                         By:
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Name:
                                            Title:






















                                       13

<PAGE>


                               NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO:    CIROND CORPORATION

         (1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase $________ Stated Value of
AIR  Preferred  Stock and  Warrants to purchase  _____ shares of Common Stock of
Cirond  Corporation  pursuant  to the  terms  of the  attached  AIR and  tenders
herewith payment of the principal in full, together with all applicable transfer
taxes, if any.

         (2)  Payment  shall take the form of (check  applicable  box) in lawful
money of the United States; or

         (3) Please issue a certificate or  certificates  representing  said AIR
Securities in the name of the  undersigned or in such other name as is specified
below:

                  -----------------------------------

The AIR Securities shall be delivered to the following:

                  -----------------------------------

                  -----------------------------------

                  -----------------------------------

         (4) ACCREDITED INVESTOR. The undersigned is an "accredited investor" as
defined  in  Regulation  D  promulgated  under the  Securities  Act of 1933,  as
amended.

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity:
                         -------------------------------------------------------
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY:
                                                      --------------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory:
                             ---------------------------------------------------
Title of Authorized Signatory:
                              --------------------------------------------------
Date:
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------




<PAGE>




                                 ASSIGNMENT FORM

                    (To assign the foregoing warrant, execute
                   this form and supply required information.
                 Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)



         FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  the foregoing AIR and all rights evidenced thereby
are hereby assigned to


                                                whose address is
- ------------------------------------------------

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------.



- -------------------------------------------------------------------

                                     Dated:
                                           -------------------,----------


                  Holder's Signature:
                                     ----------------------------------

                  Holder's Address:
                                   ------------------------------------

                                   ------------------------------------



Signature Guaranteed:
                      -----------------------------------------------


NOTE: The signature to this  Assignment Form must correspond with the name as it
appears on the face of the AIR, without  alteration or enlargement or any change
whatsoever,  and must be  guaranteed  by a bank or trust  company.  Officers  of
corporations  and those acting in a fiduciary or other  representative  capacity
should file proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing AIR.




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
