
                                                                    Exhibit 99.1

             Storage Computer Announces Change in Listing from AMEX

     NASHUA, N.H.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 28, 2004--Storage Computer Corporation
(AMEX:SOS), (www.storage.com), a provider of high-performance storage and data
delivery software systems, today announced that its Common Stock will be
delisted from the American Stock Exchange (AMEX), effective with the open of
business on Monday January 3, 2005. The Company's Common Stock is eligible for
quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board (OTCBB) with the open of business on January
3, 2005. AMEX advised the Company that since it had sustained losses in its five
most recent fiscal years and has not maintained shareholder equity of at least
$6 million it no longer satisfies the requirement for continuing listing.
     "Historically about 40% of the trading volume in Storage Computer Common
Stock has been on the AMEX," noted Michael O'Donnell, Chief Financial Officer.
"Investors and others have indicated to us that the Stock should continue to
experience adequate liquidity."

     About Storage Computer Corporation

     Storage Computer Corporation (AMEX:SOS): Pioneers in RAID technology,
Storage Computer Corporation is a provider of high performance storage software
solutions focused on developing advanced storage architectures to address the
emerging needs of high-bandwidth and other "performance-impaired" applications.
Storage Computer's technology supports a variety of applications including
advanced database activities, wide area networked storage and sophisticated
business continuity topologies. http://www.storage.com.

     Forward-Looking Statements. This press release contains forward-looking
statements to future events that involve risks and uncertainties. The
forward-looking statements in this press release addresses, without limitation,
the listing and liquidity of the Company's Common Stock. Only Market Makers in
the Company's Common Stock, and not the Company, may apply for quotation of the
Company's Common Stock on the OTC Bulletin Board. These statements are made
pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. These statements are only predictions and actual results could
differ materially from those anticipated in these statements based upon a number
of factors including those uncertainties and risk factors detailed from time to
time in reports filed by Storage Computer Corporation with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q.

     CONTACT: Storage Computer Corporation
              Michael J. O'Donnell, 603-880-3005
              CFO
              ir@storage.com

