-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 K/c/DxqxUOdMOGZvpsAkeYO6aWxTA1QDvvzg1ow8rgRuEKtquVzI7OFvEapxRQeB
 nSJLnQHdW+9dVE72LLPGQQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950127-04-001147.txt : 20041222
<SEC-HEADER>0000950127-04-001147.hdr.sgml : 20041222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041222171653
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950127-04-001147
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041222
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ASSOCIATED MATERIALS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000802967
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PLASTICS PRODUCTS, NEC [3089]
		IRS NUMBER:				751872487
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24956
		FILM NUMBER:		041221628

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3773 STATE ROAD
		STREET 2:		#
		CITY:			CUYAHOGA FALLS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44223
		BUSINESS PHONE:		330 929 1811

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3773 STATE ROAD
		STREET 2:		#
		CITY:			CUYAHOGA FALLS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44223
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a8k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT
                       PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                       THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 22, 2004

                        ASSOCIATED MATERIALS INCORPORATED
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                                    Delaware
                 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

                                    000-24956
                            (Commission File Number)

                                   75-1872487
                     (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

                                 3773 State Road
                           Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio 44223
              (Address and zip code of principal executive offices)

                                 (330) 929-1811
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

                                       N/A
          (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)


Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR
230.425)

[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12)

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

<PAGE>
Item 1.01--Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Stock Purchase Agreement

As previously reported, on December 5, 2004, AMH Holdings, Inc. ("AMH"), Harvest
Partners, Inc. ("Harvest Partners") and certain other stockholders of AMH
entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the "Stock Purchase Agreement"), with
certain affiliates of Investcorp S.A. ("Investcorp"), namely AM Holding Limited,
AM Equity Limited, AM Investments Limited, Associated Equity Limited and
Associated Investments Limited (such Investcorp affiliates, the "New
Investors"), pursuant to which the New Investors paid $150.0 million in cash to
acquire a total of 500,000 shares of voting convertible preferred stock of AMH
(the "Voting Preferred Stock") and 1,614,019 shares of non-voting convertible
preferred stock of AMH (the "Non-Voting Preferred Stock" and collectively with
the Voting Preferred Stock, the "Convertible Preferred Stock"). The Voting
Preferred Stock represents 50% of the outstanding shares of all voting stock of
AMH and the Convertible Preferred Stock represents 50% of the outstanding shares
of all stock of AMH, in each case on a fully diluted basis. Each share of Voting
Preferred Stock is convertible at any time into fully-paid and non-assessable
shares of the Class A Voting Common Stock (as defined below), and each share of
Non-Voting Preferred Stock is convertible at any time into fully paid and
non-assessable shares of the Class A Non-Voting Common Stock (as defined below),
in each case at a specified conversion rate, which shall initially be 1:1. The
Convertible Preferred Stock will be automatically converted into Class A Common
Stock (as defined below) upon the occurrence of a qualified initial public
offering.

The sale of the Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to the Stock Purchase
Agreement, together with certain other transactions contemplated by the Stock
Purchase Agreement (the "Transactions"), were consummated on December 22, 2004.

The total amount of consideration necessary to consummate the Transactions was
approximately $305.0 million, consisting of (i) $150.0 million from the New
Investors to acquire shares of Convertible Preferred Stock from the existing AMH
stockholders; and (ii)(a) approximately $38.0 million of available cash from
AMI; (b) $75.0 million in senior notes issued by Holdings II, AMH's newly-formed
parent company; and (c) approximately $42.0 million in additional term loan
borrowings under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as defined below),
which amounts will be used to pay (x) a dividend of $96,406,123 (less option
exercise proceeds paid as consideration for the sale of the Convertible
Preferred Stock pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement) (the "Transaction
Dividend") on shares of the Class B Common Stock (as defined below) of AMH
Holdings II, Inc. ("Holdings II"), a Delaware corporation and, pursuant to the
Restructuring Agreement described below, the newly formed parent company of AMH;
(y) a management bonus of $21,825,000 to certain employees and a director bonus
of $175,000 to a director of the Company; and (z) $40.0 million in fees and
expenses, including among other items, $4.875 million in fees to Harvest
Partners (the "Harvest Fee") and $15.0 million in fees to Investcorp
International Inc., an affiliate of the New Investors ("III"), (the "Investcorp
Fee"). Certain of these payments will be made at a future date as more fully
described below.

Investcorp is a global investment group with offices in New York, London and
Bahrain. The firm has four lines of business: corporate investment, real estate
investment, asset management and technology investment. It was established in
1982 and has since completed transactions with

                                       2
<PAGE>
a total acquisition value of more than $25.0 billion. The firm now manages total
investments in alternative assets of approximately $8.6 billion.

Founded in 1981, Harvest Partners is a leading New York-based private equity
investment firm, pursuing management buyouts and growth financings of
profitable, medium-sized businesses. Focused on specialty services, consumer,
manufacturing and value-added distribution businesses, Harvest has over 20 years
of experience investing in domestic as well as multinational companies.
Currently, Harvest Partners has over $1.0 billion of invested and committed
capital under management from its limited partners, which include numerous
pension funds, domestic and international industrial corporations, and various
financial institutions.

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Holdings II

Holdings II was incorporated in the State of Delaware on December 2, 2004. Since
its incorporation, Holdings II has not conducted any operations and, following
the closing of the Transactions (including the transactions contemplated by the
Restructuring Agreement described below), Holdings II did not have any material
assets or operations other than its ownership of 100% of the capital stock of
AMH.

In connection with the Transactions, on December 22, 2004 the Certificate of
Incorporation of Holdings II was amended and restated in its entirety (the
"Amended and Restated Holdings II Certificate of Incorporation") and a
certificate of designations of Holdings II preferred stock (as described below)
was filed in order to provide for the following classes and series of capital
stock: (a) Class B, Series I (Voting) Common Stock (the "Holdings II Class B
Voting Common Stock") , (b) Class B, Series II (Non-Voting) Common Stock (the
"Holdings II Class B Non-Voting Common Stock" and, collectively with the
Holdings II Class B Voting Common Stock, the "Holdings II Class B Common
Stock"), (c) Class A, Series I (Voting) Preferred Stock (the "Holdings II Voting
Preferred Stock") and (d) Class A, Series II (Non-Voting) Preferred Stock (the
"Holdings II Non-Voting Preferred Stock" and, collectively with the Holdings II
Voting Preferred Stock, the "Holdings II Preferred Stock"), in each case in the
respective amounts, as among the existing stockholders of Holdings II, as more
fully described in the Amended and Restated Holdings II Certificate of
Incorporation. The Amended and Restated Holdings II Certificate of Incorporation
also authorized the issuance of shares of (i) Class A, Series I (Voting) Common
Stock (the "Holdings II Class A Voting Common Stock"), which are reserved for
issuance upon conversion of the Holdings II Voting Preferred Stock and (ii)
Class A, Series II (Non-Voting) Common Stock (the "Holdings II Class A
Non-Voting Common Stock" and, collectively with the Holdings II Class A Voting
Common Stock, the "Holdings II Class A Common Stock"; the Holdings II Class A
Common Stock, collectively with the Holdings II Class B Common Stock, the
"Holdings II Common Stock"), which are reserved for issuance upon conversion of
the Holdings II Non-Voting Preferred Stock. The Amended and Restated Holdings II
Certificate of Incorporation was approved by the Holdings II Board of Directors
on December 20, 2004.

                                       3
<PAGE>
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AMH

In connection with the Transactions, on December 22, 2004, AMH filed an amended
and restated certificate of incorporation (the "Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation") with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware,
resulting in the reclassification of the outstanding shares of AMH Common Stock
as shares of (a) Class B, Series I (Voting) Common Stock (the "Class B Voting
Common Stock") , (b) Class B, Series II (Non-Voting) Common Stock (the "Class B
Non-Voting Common Stock" and, collectively with the Class B Voting Common Stock,
the "Class B Common Stock"), (c) the Voting Preferred Stock and (d) the
Non-Voting Preferred Stock, in each case in the respective amounts, as among the
existing stockholders of AMH, as more fully described in the Stock Purchase
Agreement and in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. The
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation also authorized the issuance
of shares of (i) Class A, Series I (Voting) Common Stock (the "Class A Voting
Common Stock"), which are reserved for issuance upon conversion of the Voting
Preferred Stock and (ii) Class A, Series II (Non-Voting) Common Stock (the
"Class A Non-Voting Common Stock" and, collectively with the Class A Voting
Common Stock, the "Class A Common Stock"; the Class A Common Stock, collectively
with the Class B Common Stock, the "Common Stock"), which are reserved for
issuance upon conversion of the Non-Voting Preferred Stock. The Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation was approved by the AMH Board of Directors
on December 20, 2004.

Certificate of Designations of Holdings II

On December 22, 2004, Holdings II filed with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware a Certificate of Designations to establish the rights, preferences
and privileges pertaining to the with respect to the Holdings II Preferred Stock
(the "Certificate of Designations"). The authorization and terms of the
Certificate of Designations were approved by the Board of Directors on December
20, 2004.

Pursuant to the Certificate of Designations (i) the Holdings II Preferred Stock
ranks senior to and has priority over all classes of common stock with respect
to dividends and distributions or upon liquidation, winding-up or dissolution;
(ii) except with respect to the Transaction Dividend, the Holdings II Preferred
Stock has a right to a priority dividend before any dividend is paid on the
common stock; (iii) the Holdings II Preferred Stock is entitled to a liquidation
preference upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
winding-up of Holdings II equal to at least the amount of the Minimum
Liquidation Preference (as defined in the Certificate of Designations); (iv)
holders of the Holdings II Voting Preferred Stock have the right to vote
together with holders of the Holdings II Voting Common Stock, not as separate
classes, except as otherwise specified by the Certificate of Designations or
required under Delaware law; (v) the Holdings II Voting Preferred Stock may be
converted into Holdings II Class A Voting Common Stock and the Holdings II
Non-Voting Preferred Stock may be converted into Holdings II Class A Non-Voting
Common Stock, in whole or in part from time to time, in each case at a specified
conversion rate, which conversion shall become automatic upon the occurrence of
a qualified initial public offering. Holdings II reserves and keeps available,
solely for the purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Holdings II Preferred
Stock, such number of Holdings II Class A Common Stock as shall be issuable upon
the conversion of all shares of Holdings II Preferred Stock; and (vi) upon the
occurrence of a change of control of Holdings II, subject to certain

                                       4
<PAGE>
conditions, each holder of Holdings II Preferred Stock shall have the right to
require Holdings II to repurchase any or all of such holder's Holdings II
Preferred Stock at a specified offer price in cash.

Certificate of Designations of AMH

On December 22, 2004, AMH filed with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware a Certificate of Designations to establish the rights, preferences and
privileges pertaining to the Preferred Stock of AMH that was contributed to
Holdings II pursuant to the Restructuring Agreement in exchange for shares of
Holdings II Preferred Stock. The terms of AMH Preferred Stock are identical to
the terms of the Holdings II Preferred Stock, except that the change of control
put right described in clause (vi) above does not apply to AMH Preferred Stock.

Restructuring Agreement

On December 22, 2004, the stockholders of AMH (including the New Investors)
entered into a Restructuring Agreement, pursuant to which such stockholders
contributed all of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock of
AMH to Holdings II, in exchange for common stock and convertible preferred stock
of Holdings II having equivalent rights, preferences and privileges. As a result
of this exchange, all of the former stockholders of AMH became stockholders of
Holdings II, and Holdings II became the sole stockholder of AMH. AMH will
continue to be the sole stockholder of Associated Materials Holdings Inc.
("AMHI" or "Holdings") and AMHI will continue to be the sole stockholder of AMI.

Shares of Holdings II Class B Non-Voting Common Stock in an aggregate amount
equal to 10% of the fully diluted shares of capital stock of Holdings II remain
unissued and are reserved for issuance upon the exercise of options granted
pursuant to the AMH Holdings II, Inc. 2004 Stock Option Plan (as described
below). In addition, certain options to purchase shares of AMH common stock
granted pursuant to the AMH 2002 Stock Option Plan remain unexercised. The
holders of all of such stock options have entered into an agreement with
Holdings II that, upon the exercise of any such stock options, in the future,
such holders will automatically receive shares of Holdings II Class B Non-Voting
Common Stock.

Stockholders Agreement

In connection with the Transactions, on December 22, 2004, the stockholders of
Holdings II entered into a stockholders agreement which will govern certain
relationships among, and contains certain rights and obligations of, such
stockholders (the "Stockholders Agreement"). The Stockholders Agreement (1)
limits the ability of the stockholders to transfer their shares in Holdings II
except in certain permitted transfers as defined therein; (2) provides for
certain tag-along obligations and certain drag-along rights; (3) provides for
certain registration rights; and (4) provides for certain preemptive rights.

Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, Harvest Partners has the right to
designate three members of a seven member Board of Directors of Holdings II and
Investcorp has the right to designate three of the seven members of the Board of
Directors of Holdings II. An additional

                                       5
<PAGE>
board seat will be occupied by the chief executive officer of AMI, who is
currently Michael Caporale, Jr. The boards of directors of AMH, AMHI and AMI
will have the same composition and are subject to the same rules and operating
procedures as set forth in the Stockholders Agreement. The number of directors
that each of Harvest and Investcorp can designate to the Board of Directors is
reduced as their equity ownership in Holdings II is reduced below specified
percentages. Funds managed by Harvest Partners on the one hand, and, the New
Investors, collectively on the other, each hold 50% of the voting capital stock
of Holdings II. All decision making by the Board of Directors will generally
require the affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the entire Board of
Directors. In addition, certain matters, such as issuing additional equity
securities, new debt financings, acquisitions and related transactions, and
other significant transactions, require the affirmative vote of at least one
director nominated by Harvest and one director nominated by Investcorp (a
"Special Board Approval"). The number of matters that require a Special Board
Approval is reduced as the equity ownership of each of Harvest and Investcorp
falls below certain stated thresholds.

The Stockholders Agreement prohibits transfers of securities of Holdings II
except: (i) to certain "Permitted Transferees" (as defined in the Stockholders
Agreement), (ii) in a registered public offering, (iii) pursuant to certain
drag-along rights that would require stockholders to sell all or part of their
equity interest in Holdings II to third parties along with certain sales by
stockholders holding a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or a
majority of the outstanding shares of Convertible Preferred Stock and on the
same terms, and subject to the same conditions, as such sales, and (iv) pursuant
to certain preemptive and tag-along rights that would require a stockholder
wishing to sell all or part of its equity interest in Holdings II to first offer
its shares on the same terms to Holdings II and the other stockholders of
Holdings II party to the stockholders agreement, and if not purchased by
Holdings II or such stockholders, to include shares of such stockholders, at
their option, in the event of a sale to a third party.

The Stockholders Agreement provides stockholders certain rights with respect to
registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities
Act"), either upon the occurrence of the initial public offering or registration
of Holdings II of its securities under the Securities Act for its own account or
account of another person. The Stockholders Agreement also provides stockholders
with certain preemptive rights to purchase Holdings II securities upon the
issuance of new Holdings II securities, and subject to certain other conditions.

The Stockholders Agreement provides the New Investors (together with their
Permitted Transferees, the "Investcorp Investors") with the following additional
rights: (i) at any time after December 22, 2006, the Investcorp Investors may
demand that an independent valuation of Holdings II be performed by an
independent investment banking or valuation firm and, in the event that the
valuation is less than the "Threshold Amount" (as defined in the Stockholders
Agreement), and subject to certain other conditions, the Investcorp Investors
may make changes to the executive officers of Holdings II and its subsidiaries,
including the Chief Executive Officer (who shall be reasonably acceptable to the
stockholders party thereto affiliated with Harvest Partners (together with their
Permitted Transferees, the "Harvest Funds")); (ii) if for the period from
January 1, 2005 through December 31, 2008, the Adjusted Cash Flow (as defined in
the Stockholders Agreement) of Holdings II and its subsidiaries is less than 70%
of the Projected Adjusted Cash Flow (as defined in the Stockholders Agreement)
of Holdings II and its

                                       6
<PAGE>
subsidiaries, the Investcorp Investors may notify Holdings II that they intend
to initiate a process that could result in the exercise by the Investcorp
Investors of their drag-along rights and, if the Investcorp Investors opt to
pursue the exercise of their drag-along rights, for a period of 60 days after
notice thereof is given to Holdings II, the Harvest Funds and Holdings II shall
have the right, but not the obligation, to purchase all, but not less than all,
of the outstanding preferred stock and common stock held by the Investcorp
Investors; and (iii) at any time after July 15, 2007, the Investcorp Investors
may notify Holdings II that they intend to cause Holdings II to initiate a
process that could result in a recapitalization of Holdings II, in accordance
with certain conditions (as further described in the Stockholders Agreement, an
"Approved Recapitalization"). In each of (i) and (ii), at the earlier of such
time as (a) 75% or more of the preferred stock of Holdings II acquired by the
Investcorp Investors pursuant to the Restructuring Agreement has been
repurchased by Holdings II or converted into common stock of Holdings II and (b)
the Investcorp Investors hold less than 20% of Holdings II's outstanding capital
stock, then the rights under (i) and (ii) described herein will terminate. In
addition, each of the rights granted under (i), (ii) and (iii) are exercisable
only once during the term of the Stockholders Agreement. Subject to certain
conditions, the other stockholders (other than the Investcorp Investors) party
to the Stockholders Agreement shall also have the right to initiate an Approved
Recapitalization at any time after July 15, 2007, if the Equity Value (as
defined in the Stockholders Agreement) of Holdings II exceeds $815.0 million.
Also, at any time after December 22, 2009, each of Investcorp and Harvest Funds
may notify the Company and the other stockholders that they intend to initiate a
process that could result in the exercise of their respective drag-along rights.

The Stockholders Agreement terminated and superseded the existing Amended and
Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated March 4, 2004, by and among AMH and the
existing stockholders of AMH.

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

In connection with the Transactions, on December 22, 2004, AMI amended and
restated the existing Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August
29, 2003 (as further amended by the First Amendment thereto, dated as of March
18, 2004) (the "Existing Credit Agreement"), in the form of the Second Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement among AMI and Gentek Building Products Limited, as
borrowers, AMH and AMHI, as guarantors, the lenders party thereto, UBS AG,
Stamford Branch, as the U.S. Administrative Agent, Canadian Imperial Bank of
Commerce, as the Canadian Administrative Agent, Citigroup Global Markets Inc.,
as syndication agent, General Electric Capital Corporation and National City
Bank, as Co-Documentation Agents, and UBS Securities, LLC and Citigroup Global
Markets Inc., as joint lead arrangers (the "Second Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement").

The Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement is substantially similar to and
in the same form as the Existing Credit Agreement, except that (among other
changes) the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (i) allows the
purchase of 50% of the equity interests of AMH by Investcorp, (ii) reduces the
interest margins on the term loan facility by 50 basis points, (iii) permits a
restricted payment to pay dividends of approximately $97.0 million to the equity
holders of AMH (determined before giving effect to the Transactions) and a
special bonus payment of $22.0 million to AMI's management, (iv) extends the
maturity date of the revolving

                                       7
<PAGE>
credit facility by two years and (v) increases the U.S. revolving credit
facility by U.S.$5.0 million and the Canadian revolving credit facility by
U.S.$5.0 million.

The amended and restated senior credit facility provides for the following:

     (1)  a senior secured term loan facility of up to $175.0 million (of which
          $42.0 million will be in addition to the amount of term loans
          currently outstanding thereunder); and

     (2)  a senior secured revolving facility of up to $80.0 million.

The term loans amortize in equal quarterly installments commencing on September
30, 2005 through and including September 30, 2009 in an aggregate amount equal
to 1% annually with the balance to be paid in four equal quarterly installments
thereafter. We refer to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement as the
AMI senior credit facility.

Subject to certain exceptions, the AMI senior credit facility requires mandatory
repayments and thereafter, mandatory commitment reductions thereunder with (x)
50% of the net proceeds from the issuance of equity securities by AMHI, AMH or
Holdings II in a registered public offering, (y) 100% of the net proceeds from
(1) asset sales; (2) the issuance of debt; (4) insurance and condemnation awards
and (z) a percentage of annual excess cash flow based on certain levels of
financial performance. Voluntary prepayments of the senior credit facility will
be permitted at any time, subject to certain notice requirements and to the
payment of certain losses and expenses suffered by the lenders as a result of
the prepayment of "Eurodollar Loans" (as defined in the AMI senior credit
facility) prior to the end of the applicable interest period.

The AMI senior credit facility bears interest (A) in the case of U.S. dollar
denominated loans, at the sum of the (1) applicable margin and (2) at our
option, either the "Alternate Base Rate" (as defined in the senior credit
facility) or the "Eurodollar Rate" (as defined in the AMI senior credit
facility); (B) in the case of Canadian dollar denominated revolving loans, the
sum of (1) the applicable margin and (2) the "Canadian Prime Rate" (as defined
in the AMI senior credit facility); and (C) in the case of Canadian bankers
acceptances, the sum of (1) the applicable margin and (2) the "Canadian BA Rate"
(as defined in the AMI senior credit facility). The applicable interest margin
will initially be a percentage per annum equal to (1) in the case of the term
loans maintained as (a) Alternate Base Rate Loans (as defined in the AMI senior
credit facility), 1.25%, and (b) Eurodollar Loans (as defined in the AMI senior
credit facility), 2.25%, (2) in the case of revolving loans maintained as (a)
Base Rate Loans, 1.50%, and (b) Eurodollar Loans, 2.50% and (3) Canadian BAs (as
defined in the AMI senior credit facility), 2.50%, subject in the case of
revolving loans and Canadian BAs to adjustments to be determined based on
certain levels of financial performance.

With respect to Eurodollar Loans, (1) we may elect interest periods of 1, 2, 3,
6 or, if available, 9 or 12 months and (2) interest will be payable in arrears
at the earlier of (a) the end of an applicable interest period and (b)
quarterly. With respect to Base Rate Loans, interest will be payable quarterly
on the last business day of each fiscal quarter. Additionally, we will pay a
commitment fee in an initial amount equal to 0.375% per annum on the daily
average unused

                                       8
<PAGE>
commitment under the revolving portion of the AMI senior credit facility,
subject to adjustments to be determined based on certain levels of financial
performance.

The AMI senior credit facility contains certain covenants, including, without
limitation, restrictions on our business (and the business of our subsidiaries),
including restrictions on:

     o    debt and liens;
     o    the sale of assets;
     o    mergers, acquisitions and other business combinations;
     o    voluntary prepayment of certain debt;
     o    transactions with affiliates;
     o    capital expenditures;
     o    leases;
     o    loans and investments as well as prohibitions on the making of
          dividends to, or the repurchase or redemption of stock from,
          stockholders; and
     o    various financial covenants.

The AMI senior credit facility contains customary events of default, including
payment defaults, material inaccuracy of representations and warranties,
covenant defaults, cross-default and cross-acceleration to certain other debt,
certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency, certain events under the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, material judgments, actual
or asserted failure of any guaranty or security document supporting the AMI
senior credit facility to be in full force and effect and change of control. If
such a default occurs, the lenders under the AMI senior credit facility would be
entitled to take various actions, including all actions permitted to be taken by
a secured creditor and the acceleration of amounts due under the AMI senior
credit facility.

All obligations of AMI and Gentek under the AMI senior credit facility (the
"Obligations") are jointly and severally guaranteed by AMH, AMHI and all of our
direct and indirect wholly owned domestic subsidiaries (the "Domestic
Guaranties"). In addition, all obligations of Gentek under the AMI senior credit
facility (the "Canadian Obligations") also are jointly and severally guaranteed
by Gentek's wholly owned Canadian subsidiaries (the "Canadian Guaranties"). The
Obligations and the Domestic Guaranties are secured by a pledge of our capital
stock, the capital stock of AMHI and the capital stock of AMI's domestic
subsidiaries (and up to 66-2/3% of the voting stock of "first tier" foreign
subsidiaries), and a security interest in substantially all of AMI's owned real
and personal assets (tangible and intangible) and the owned real and personal
assets (tangible and intangible) of AMI and the domestic guarantors under the
AMI senior credit facility. In addition, the Canadian Obligations are secured by
the capital stock and owned real and personal assets (tangible and intangible)
owned by Gentek and its Canadian Subsidiaries. Our future wholly owned domestic
subsidiaries will be required to guarantee Obligations under the AMI senior
credit facility and to secure such guarantee with substantially all of their
owned real and personal assets (tangible and intangible). Our future
wholly-owned Canadian subsidiaries also will be required to guarantee
Obligations and to secure such guarantee with substantially all of their owned
real and personal assets (tangible and intangible).

                                       9
<PAGE>
The AMI senior credit facility, including the terms and conditions described
above, will be subject to modification, amendment and waiver by the parties
thereto.

Amended Harvest Management Agreement

In connection with the Transactions, on December 22, 2004, AMI entered into an
Amended and Restated Management Agreement with Harvest Partners (the "Amended
Harvest Management Agreement"), which amended and superseded the Harvest
Management Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2002, as amended and restated in its
entirety by the Amended and Restated Management Agreement, dated as of March 4,
2004 (as so amended and restated, the "Original Harvest Management Agreement").

The Amended Harvest Management Agreement is substantially identical, in all
material respects, to the Original Harvest Management Agreement. Pursuant to the
Amended Harvest Management Agreement, AMI paid a fee of $4.875 million to
Harvest Partners in connection with the Transactions. In addition, Harvest
Partners continues to provide financial advisory and strategic planning services
pursuant to the Amended Harvest Management Agreement and, will receive an annual
fee for such services of approximately $0.8 million, payable on a quarterly
basis in advance. The fee will be adjusted on a yearly basis in accordance with
the U.S. Consumer Price Index. The agreement also provides that Harvest Partners
will receive transaction fees in connection with future financings, acquisitions
and divestitures of AMI. Such fees will be a percentage of the value of the
applicable transaction. Pursuant to a separate agreement with III, Harvest
Partners has agreed to pay 50% of any such transaction fees to III. The Amended
Harvest Management Agreement has a term of five years from the date of execution
of the Original Harvest Management Agreement and will automatically be renewed
on a yearly basis, beginning in 2004, unless otherwise specified by Harvest
Partners.

Investcorp Advisory Agreements

In connection with the Transactions, on December 22, 2004, AMI entered into an
Agreement for Management Advisory, Strategic Planning and Consulting Services
with III (the "Investcorp Management Advisory Agreement"). Under the Investcorp
Management Advisory Agreement, III will provide AMI with management advisory,
strategic planning, consulting and such other services as requested by the Board
of Directors of AMI (other than in connection with an acquisition, restructuring
or initial public offering by AMI, or a private sale of the stock or assets of
AMI). For these services, III will receive an annual fee of U.S.$4.0 million for
the first year and U.S.$0.5 million per year for the remaining duration of the
term. In connection with the Transactions, AMI paid the full amount of the fee
for the entire term of the agreement on December 22, 2004. The Investcorp
Management Advisory Agreement has a term of five years from its date of
execution.

In connection with the Transactions, on December 5, 2004, AMI entered into an
Agreement for Financing Advisory Services with III (the "Investcorp Financing
Advisory Agreement"). Under the Investcorp Financing Advisory Agreement, III
will provide AMI with financial advisory services relating to the arrangement of
borrowing facilities in connection with the Transactions. For these services,
AMI paid a one-time fee of $7.5 million to III on December 22, 2004. The term of
the Investcorp Financing Advisory Agreement extends from the date of execution

                                       10
<PAGE>
through the earlier of December 23, 2004 and June 23, 2005, unless extended by
the parties' mutual consent.

On December 5, 2004, AMI entered into an M&A Advisory Services Agreement with
III (the "Investcorp M&A Advisory Agreement"). Under the Investcorp M&A Advisory
Agreement, III will provide AMI with advisory and strategic planning services.
For these services, AMI paid a one-time fee of $1.5 million to III on December
22, 2004. The Investcorp M&A Advisory Agreement extends from the date of
execution through the earlier of June 23, 2005 and the closing of the
Transactions.

AMH Holdings II, Inc. 2004 Stock Option Plan

On December 21, 2004, Holdings II adopted the AMH Holdings II, Inc. 2004 Stock
Option Plan (the "2004 Plan"). The Compensation Committee (the "Committee") of
the Board of Directors of Holdings II administers the 2004 Plan and selects
eligible executives, directors, employees and consultants of Holdings II and its
affiliates, including AMI, to receive options to purchase Holdings II Class B
Non-Voting Common Stock. The Committee also will determine the number of shares
of stock covered by options granted under the 2004 Plan, the terms under which
options may be exercised, the exercise price of the options and other terms and
conditions of the options in accordance with the provisions of the 2004 Plan. An
option holder may pay the exercise price of an option by any legal manner that
the Committee permits. Option holders generally may not transfer their options
except in the event of death. If Holdings II undergoes a change of control, as
defined in the 2004 Plan, the Committee may accelerate the exercisability of all
or a portion of the outstanding options, adjust outstanding options by
substituting stock, or cash out such outstanding options, in any such case,
generally based on the consideration received by its stockholders in the
transaction. Subject to particular limitations specified in the 2004 Plan, the
Board of Directors may amend or terminate the 2004 Plan. The 2004 Plan will
terminate no later than 10 years following its effective date; however, any
options outstanding under the 2004 Plan will remain outstanding in accordance
with their terms.

In connection with the Transactions, the Board of Directors of AMH has adopted
resolutions to provide that all of the holders of performance based options to
purchase AMH common stock under the AMH Holdings, Inc 2002 Stock Option Plan
will become immediately exercisable prior to consummation of the Transactions.

Pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, certain employees of AMI who held
options immediately prior to the consummation of the Transactions to purchase
shares of AMH's Common Stock will be required by Holdings II to exchange AMH
Common Stock received by such option holder for exercise of any of their options
for Holdings II Class B Non-Voting Common Stock.

Stock Option Award Agreements

In connection with the Transactions, certain members of senior management of AMI
received stock options to purchase shares of Holdings II Class B Non-Voting
Common Stock under the 2004 Plan pursuant to various Stock Option Award
Agreements (collectively, the "Stock Option Award Agreements") entered into on
December 22, 2004.

                                       11
<PAGE>
                                    *   *   *

A copy of the (i) Stock Purchase Agreement; (ii) Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation of AMH (iii) Certificate of Designations of AMH;
(iv) Restructuring Agreement; (v) Stockholders Agreement; (vi) Amended and
Restated Credit Agreement; (vii) Amendment Agreement, (viii) AMH Pledge and
Security Agreement, (ix) Form of AMH Guaranty, (x) Amended Harvest Management
Agreement; (xi) Investcorp Management Advisory Agreements, (xii) Investcorp
Financing Advisory Agreement, (xiii) Investcorp M&A Advisory Agreement and (xiv)
AMH Holdings II, Inc. 2004 Stock Option Plan are attached to this Current Report
on Form 8-K as Exhibits 2.1, 3.1, 3.2, 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4, 10.5, 10.6, 10.7,
10.8, 10.9, 10.10 and 10.11, respectively, and are incorporated herein by
reference. The foregoing descriptions of the Stock Purchase Agreement, Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AMH, Certificate of Designations of
AMH, Restructuring Agreement, Stockholders Agreement, Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement, Amendment Agreement, AMH Pledge and Security Agreement, AMH
Guaranty, Amended Harvest Management Agreement and Investcorp Advisory
Agreements, and AMH Holdings II, Inc. 2004 Stock Option Plan are qualified in
their entirety by reference to the full text of such agreements.

Item 1.02 --Termination of Material Definitive Agreement.

As of December 22, 2004, the Stockholders Agreement, dated as of March 4, 2004,
among AMH and the stockholders named therein shall be deemed amended and
superseded by the Stockholders Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2004 among
Holdings II and the stockholders named therein.

The information under the caption "Stockholders Agreement" under Item 1.01 of
this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03--Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

The information under the caption "Amended and Restated Credit Agreement" under
Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 3.02--Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities.

The Convertible Preferred Stock was sold pursuant to an exemption from
registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. The sale of the
Convertible Preferred Stock will be made without the use of an underwriter or
selling agent, and no commissions or underwriting discounts will be paid in
connection with such sale. The information under the caption "Stock Purchase
Agreement" under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated
herein by reference.

                                       12
<PAGE>
Item 5.02--Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors;
Appointment of Principal Officers

Pursuant to terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement and the Stockholders
Agreement, two of the directors of each of Holdings II, AMH, AMHI and AMI in
office immediately prior to the closing of the Transactions have been replaced.
At a joint meeting of the Boards of Directors of Holdings II, AMH, AMHI and AMI,
Thomas Arenz and Jeffrey Moy tendered their resignations effective immediately
upon the closing of the Transactions. Upon the closing of the Transactions, the
New Investors have the right to designate the three new directors. An additional
Board seat will be occupied by the chief executive officer of AMI from time to
time. As of the current date, the New Investors have designated Christopher J.
Stadler, Simon C. Moore and Dana R. Snyder to serve as directors and Michael
Caporale, Jr., the Chief Executive Officer of AMI, has been designated and
elected to serve as the seventh director.

Christopher J. Stadler has been an executive of Investcorp or one or more of its
wholly-owned subsidiaries since April 1996. Mr. Stadler is head of Investcorp
North American corporate investment and is a member of Investcorp's steering
committee. Prior to joining Investcorp, Mr. Stadler was a director with CS First
Boston Corporation. Mr. Stadler is a director of Werner Holding, US Unwired,
Inc. and Saks Incorporated. Christopher J. Stadler has had no transactions
required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Simon C. Moore has been an executive of Investcorp or one or more of its
wholly-owned subsidiaries since 2001. Prior to joining Investcorp, Mr. Moore
held positions at JP Morgan Capital in New York and Hong Kong and at JP Morgan
M&A in Melbourne, New York and London over a period of nine years. Simon C.
Moore has had no transactions required to be disclosed pursuant Item 404(a) of
Regulation S-K.

Dana R. Snyder is currently serving as Interim President and Chief Executive
Officer of Werner Holding and is on its Board of Directors. Previously, Mr.
Snyder was an executive with Ply Gem Industries, Inc. for two years and retired
as President, Chief Operating Officer and director in 1997. Prior to that, Mr.
Snyder was employed for six years by The Stolle Corporation, a subsidiary of
Alcoa Inc., and held various positions including President of Alcoa Construction
Products Group. From 1986 to 1989 Mr. Snyder served as President of the wood
products group of Kusan, Inc. Dana R. Snyder has had no transactions required to
be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

At this time, these new directors have not been appointed to any committees of
the Board of Directors.

Item 8.01--Other Events.

Mezzanine Notes

On December 22, 2004, Holdings II completed the private sale of $75.0 million
aggregate principal amount of 13.625% Senior Notes due December 1, 2014 (the
"Mezzanine Notes"). Interest accrued on the Mezzanine Notes will be payable in
cash semi annually in arrears at a rate of 10% per annum, and the remainder at
3.625% per annum will either be paid in cash or be

                                       13
<PAGE>
added to the then outstanding principal amount of the Mezzanine Notes on a semi
annual basis. The Mezzanine Notes are not guaranteed by any subsidiaries of
Holdings II.

The Mezzanine Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or any
state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent
registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of
the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. This Current Report on
Form 8-K does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to
purchase the Mezzanine Notes.

Stock Option Award Agreements

The information under the caption "Stock Option Award Agreement" under Item 1.01
of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Dividend Promissory Notes

In partial payment of the Transaction Dividend, on December 22, 2004, Holdings
II issued a promissory note (each, a "Dividend Promissory Note") to each holder
of Holdings II Class B Common Stock in an aggregate principal amount of
$33,712,500 (the "Dividend Note Amount"). Each Dividend Promissory Notes is
issued in a principal amount equal to the payee's respective pro rata portion of
the Dividend Note Amount, and the principal amount of each Dividend Promissory
Note bears interest at a rate per annum equal to 3.6%. Payment of the principal
amount shall be immediately due and payable upon the earlier of (i) (a) the date
on which the AMH and AMI shall have prepared internal financial statements for
the fiscal year ending January 1, 2005 which indicate that AMH and AMI are
permitted to make a Restricted Payment under the Indentures, in accordance with
the terms of the Dividend Promissory Notes or (b) if such internal financial
statements do not indicate that AMH and AMI are permitted to make a Restricted
Payment on such date, on any later date on which AMH and AMI shall have prepared
internal financial statements for any subsequent fiscal period which indicate
that AMH and AMI are permitted to make such a Restricted Payment and (ii)
December 31, 2010 (such earlier date, the "Final Maturity Date"). Under the
Dividend Promissory Notes, an event of default shall occur if Holdings II fails
to make any payment under the Dividend Promissory Notes within 5 days after the
Final Maturity Date of the Dividend Promissory Notes. The Dividend Promissory
Notes were issued in partial payment of the Dividend, the balance of which was
paid to the stockholders of Holdings II in cash on December 22, 2004.

Promissory Notes

In connection with the Transactions and pursuant to the Stock Purchase
Agreement, on December 22, 2004, AMI issued in favor of III, a non-interest
bearing promissory note in the principal amount of $2,741,077 (the "Investcorp
Promissory Note") and AMI issued in favor of Harvest Partners a non-interest
bearing promissory note in the principal amount of $890,850 (the "Harvest
Promissory Note"). Payment of the principal amount of each of the Investcorp
Promissory Note and Harvest Promissory Note shall be immediately due and payable
on a date to be determined by the Chief Executive Officer of AMI, which date
shall be (i) no later than December 31, 2010 (the "Final Maturity Date") and
(ii) no earlier than (A) five days after the date on which the audited financial
statements of AMI for the fiscal year ending January 1, 2005

                                       14
<PAGE>
have been delivered to the New Investors, unless such audited financial
statements indicate that the amount available to make Restricted Payments (as
defined in the Indenture, dated as of April 23, 2002, governing the 9 3/4%
Senior Subordinated Notes due 2012 issued by AMI (the "AMI Indenture") and the
Indenture, dated as of March 4, 2004, governing the 11 1/4 % Senior Discount
Notes due 2014 issued by AMH (the "AMH Indenture, and together with the AMI
Indenture, the "Indentures"), is permissible in accordance with the terms of the
Investcorp Promissory Note and Harvest Promissory Note, respectively. Under both
the Investcorp Promissory Note and Harvest Promissory Note, an event of default
shall occur if AMI fails to make any payment under the Investcorp Promissory
Note or Harvest Promissory Note, as the case may be, within 5 days after the
Final Maturity Date. The Investcorp Promissory Note was issued in partial
payment of the Investcorp Fee, and the Harvest Promissory Note was issued in
partial payment of the Harvest Fee, the balance of which was paid to each of
Investcorp and Harvest Partners in cash on December 22, 2004.

Management Bonus Promissory Notes

In connection with the Transactions and pursuant to the Stock Purchase
Agreement, on December 22, 2004, AMI issued in favor of certain employees and
directors of the Company 18 interest-free promissory notes in the aggregate
principal amount of $3,954,753 (collectively, the " Management Bonus Promissory
Notes"). Payment of the principal amount shall be immediately due and payable
upon the earlier of (i) the date on which the AMH and AMI shall have prepared
internal financial statements for the fiscal year ending January 1, 2005 which
indicate that AMH and AMI are permitted to make a Restricted Payment under the
Indentures, in accordance with the terms of the Management Bonus Promissory
Notes and (ii) December 31, 2010 (such earlier date, the "Final Maturity Date").
Under the Management Bonus Promissory Note, an event of default shall occur if
Holdings II fails to make any payment under the Management Bonus Promissory
Notes within 5 days after the Final Maturity Date of the Management Bonus
Promissory Notes.

In connection with the Transactions and pursuant to the Stock Purchase
Agreement, on December 22, 2004, AMI issued in favor of certain members of the
Company's senior management 18 promissory notes in the aggregate principal
amount of $4,020,247 (collectively, the "Management Bonus Holdback Promissory
Notes" and, together with the Management Bonus Promissory Notes, the "Management
Notes"). The principal amount of each Management Bonus Holdback Promissory Note
bears interest at a rate per annum of 3.6%. Payment of the principal amount
shall be immediately due and payable on a date to be determined by the Chief
Executive Officer of AMI, which date shall be (i) no later than December 31,
2010 (the "Final Maturity Date") and (ii) no earlier than (A) five days after
the date on which the audited financial statements of AMI for the fiscal year
ending January 1, 2005 have been delivered to the New Investors, unless such
audited financial statements indicate that that the amount available to make
Restricted Payments is permissible in accordance with the terms of the
Management Bonus Holdback Promissory Notes and (B) within five days after any
later determination date on which AMI determines that there are amounts
sufficient to make a Restricted Payment in accordance with the terms of the
Management Bonus Holdback Promissory Notes, until the principal amount shall
have been paid in full. Under Management Bonus Holdback Promissory Notes, an
event of default shall occur if AMI fails to make any

                                       15
<PAGE>
payment under the Management Bonus Holdback Promissory Note, within five days
after the Final Maturity Date of the Management Bonus Holdback Promissory Notes.

Item 9.01--Financial Statements and Exhibits.

     (c)  Exhibits

          Exhibit 2.1    Stock Purchase Agreement, dated December 5, 2004, by
                         and between AMH Holdings, Inc. and the other parties
                         signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                         2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the
                         Securities and Exchange Commission on December 7,
                         2004).

          Exhibit 3.1    Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation AMH
                         Holdings, Inc.

          Exhibit 3.2    Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights
                         pertaining to the Preferred Stock of AMH Holdings,
                         Inc., as filed with the Secretary of State of the State
                         of Delaware on December 22, 2004.

          Exhibit 10.1   Restructuring Agreement, dated December 22, 2004, by
                         and between AMH Holdings, Inc and the other parties
                         signatory thereto.

          Exhibit 10.2   Stockholders Agreement, dated December 22, 2004, by and
                         between the stockholders of AMH Holdings II, Inc.

          Exhibit 10.3   Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated
                         December 22, 2004, among Associated Materials
                         Incorporated and Gentek Building Products Limited, as
                         borrowers, AMH Holdings, Inc. and Associated Materials
                         Holdings, Inc., as guarantors, the lenders party
                         thereto, UBS AG, Stamford Branch, as the U.S.
                         Administrative Agent, Canadian Imperial Bank of
                         Commerce, as the Canadian Administrative Agent,
                         Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as syndication agent,
                         General Electric Capital Corporation and National City
                         Bank, as Co-Documentation Agents, and UBS Securities,
                         LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as joint lead
                         arrangers.

          Exhibit 10.4   Amendment Agreement, dated December 22, 2004, by and
                         between Associated Materials Incorporated, Gentek
                         Building Products Limited, as borrowers, AMH Holdings,
                         Inc. and Associated Materials Holdings, Inc., the
                         lenders party thereto, UBS AG, Stamford Branch, as the
                         U.S. Administrative Agent, Canadian Imperial Bank of
                         Commerce, as the Canadian Administrative Agent,
                         Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as syndication agent,
                         and

                                       16
<PAGE>
                         UBS Securities, LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc.,
                         as joint lead arrangers.

          Exhibit 10.5   Superholdco Pledge and Security Agreement, dated
                         December 22, 2004, by and between AMH Holdings, Inc.,
                         as the Pledgor, in favor of UBS AG, Stamford Branch, as
                         the Administrative Agent.

          Exhibit 10.6   Form of Superholdco Guaranty, dated December 22, 2004,
                         by and between AMH Holdings, Inc., as the Guarantor, in
                         favor of UBS AG, Stamford Branch, as the Administrative
                         Agent.

          Exhibit 10.7   Amended and Restated Management Agreement, dated
                         December 22, 2004, by and between Harvest Partners,
                         Inc. and Associated Materials Incorporated.

          Exhibit 10.8   Management Advisory Agreement, dated December 22, 2004,
                         by and between Investcorp International, Inc. and
                         Associated Materials Incorporated.

          Exhibit 10.9   Financing Advisory Agreement, dated December 5, 2004,
                         by and between Investcorp International, Inc. and
                         Associated Materials Incorporated.

          Exhibit 10.10  M&A Advisory Services Agreement, dated December 5,
                         2004, by and between Investcorp International, Inc. and
                         Associated Materials Incorporated.

          Exhibit 10.11  AMH Holdings II, Inc. 2004 Stock Option Plan.

                                       17
<PAGE>
                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


                                        ASSOCIATED MATERIALS INCORPORATED

                                        By: /s/ D. Keith LaVanway
                                           -------------------------------
                                        Name:  D. Keith LaVanway
                                        Title: Vice President, Chief Financial
                                               Officer, Treasurer and Secretary


Dated: December 22, 2004

                                       18

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exh3-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
<TEXT>
                                                                     EXHIBIT 3.1

                              AMENDED AND RESTATED
                          CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                                       OF
                               AMH HOLDINGS, INC.


          AMH HOLDINGS, INC., a corporation organized and existing under the
laws of the State of Delaware (the "Corporation"), hereby certifies as follows:

          1. The original Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation was
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 19, 2004.

          2. Pursuant to Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware (the "DGCL"), this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of the Corporation (this "Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation") has been duly adopted in accordance therewith, and amends,
restates and integrates the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation of
the Corporation.

          3. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly
adopted by written consent of the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance
with the applicable provisions of Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the DGCL and
written notice of the adoption of this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation has been given as provided by Section 228 of the DGCL to every
stockholder entitled to such notice.

          4. The text of the Certificate of Incorporation is amended and
restated by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to read as
herein set forth in full.

          FIRST: The name of the corporation is AMH Holdings, Inc.

          SECOND: The registered office and registered agent of the Corporation
in the State of Delaware is The Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street,
Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19801.

          THIRD: The purpose of the Corporation is to engage, directly or
indirectly, in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may now or
hereafter be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL")
as from time to time in effect and to possess and exercise all of the powers and
privileges granted by the DGCL.

          FOURTH:

          A. Authorized Capital Stock.

          1. The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the
Corporation shall have authority to issue is 12,123,678 consisting of (i)
3,728,038 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Preferred
Stock") and (ii) 8,395,640 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share
(the "Common Stock"). The Common Stock shall consist of (i) 2,114,019 shares of
Class A, Series I (Voting) Common Stock (the "Class A Voting Common Stock"),
(ii) 1,614,019 shares of Class A, Series II (Non-Voting) Common Stock (the
"Class A

<PAGE>

Non-Voting Common Stock"), (iii) 2,583,801 shares of Class B, Series I (Voting)
Common Stock (the "Class B Voting Common Stock" and, collectively with the Class
A Voting Common Stock, the "Voting Common Stock"), and (iv) 2,803,801 shares of
Class B, Series II (Non-Voting) Common Stock (the "Class B Non-Voting Common
Stock" and, collectively with the Class B Voting Common Stock, the "Class B
Common Stock"; the Class B Non-Voting Common Stock, collectively with the Class
A Non-Voting Common Stock, the "Non-Voting Common Stock"). The number of
authorized shares of any class or series of Common Stock or Preferred Stock may
be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares of such class or
series then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in
voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon,
irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL (or any
successor provision thereto) and no vote of the holders of any class or series
of Common Stock or Preferred Stock voting separately as a class shall be
required therefor.

          2. The Board of Directors of the Corporation is hereby expressly
authorized, by resolution or resolutions, to provide, out of the unissued shares
of Preferred Stock and/or the unissued shares of Common Stock, for one or more
classes or series of Preferred Stock and/or one or more classes or series of
Common Stock and, with respect to each such class or series, to fix the number
of shares constituting such class or series and the designation of such class or
series, the voting powers (if any) of the shares of such class or series, and
the preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights,
if any, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the
shares of such class or series. The powers, preferences and relative,
participating, optional and other special rights of each class or series of
Preferred Stock or Common Stock, and the qualifications, limitations or
restrictions thereof, if any, may differ from those of any and all other class
or series of Common Stock or Preferred Stock at any time outstanding.

          3. Except as otherwise required by law, the holders of shares of
Preferred Stock or Common Stock of any class or series, as applicable, shall be
entitled only to such voting rights, if any, as shall be expressly granted
thereto by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any
certificate of designations, pursuant to Section 151(g) of the DGCL, relating to
such class or series).

          B. Common Stock. The voting powers, rights and qualifications,
limitations or restrictions of each class of the Common Stock shall be identical
in all respects except as otherwise set forth below. There follows certain
specific rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions pertaining to the
various classes and series of Common Stock:

          1. Dividends. Subject to the provisions of law and the rights, if any
of the holders of any outstanding class or series of Preferred Stock, no
dividends or other distributions, whether payable in securities, in cash, in
property or in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be declared or
paid on the shares of any class or series of Common Stock unless an Equivalent
Dividend (as hereinafter defined) per share is declared and paid on outstanding
shares of all other classes or series of Common Stock and Preferred Stock. An
"Equivalent Dividend," when used with reference to a dividend or distribution
declared or paid on any class or series of Common Stock, shall mean a dividend
in the same form and per share amount that is paid on another class or series of
Common Stock, except that each class or series of Common Stock shall

<PAGE>

be considered to be identical to each other class or series in the case of
dividends or distributions payable in capital stock or in debt or securities
exchangeable or exercisable for, or convertible into, capital stock.

          2. Liquidation. Subject to the provisions of law and the rights, if
any, of the holders of any outstanding class or series of Preferred Stock or any
class or series of stock having a preference over or right to participate with
the Common Stock, in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets available for
distribution to the holders of Common Stock shall be distributed to each of the
holders of shares of all classes and series of Common Stock ratably on the basis
of the number of shares held by such holder, without any preference or priority
of any class or series over any other class or series.

          3. Voting. (a) Except as otherwise required by law, the holders of
shares of Class A Voting Common Stock and the holders of shares of Class B
Voting Common Stock shall have one vote per share on all matters on which
holders of Common Stock shall have the right or otherwise be entitled to vote
upon. Except as otherwise provided by law, the holders of shares of Class A
Non-Voting Common Stock and the holders of shares of Class B Non-Voting Common
Stock shall have no right to vote on any matter presented to the stockholders of
the Corporation, and the Class A Non-Voting Common Stock and Class B Non-Voting
Common Stock shall not be included in determining the number of shares voting or
entitled to vote on such matters.

          (b) If the holders of any shares of Class A Non-Voting Common Stock or
Class B Non-Voting Common Stock are entitled, by reason of applicable law, to
vote on any matter, either as a separate class or together with the holders of
shares of Class A Voting Common Stock or Class B Voting Common Stock, as
applicable, then, unless prohibited by applicable law, the holders of the shares
of Class A Voting Common Stock and the holders of shares of Class B Voting
Common Stock shall also have the right to vote, separately as a single class,
thereon.

          4. Reclassification. Effective immediately and automatically upon the
filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware of (i) this Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and (ii) a Certificate of Designations
with respect to the Class A, Series I (Voting) Convertible Preferred Stock of
the Company, par value $0.01 per share (the "Voting Preferred Stock") and the
Class A, Series II (Non-Voting) Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company, par
value $0.01 per share (the "Non-Voting Preferred Stock"), each outstanding share
of the capital stock of the Corporation shall be reclassified, pursuant to
Section 242 of the DGCL, as follows:

          (a) each outstanding share of Class A Common Stock of the Corporation
held by Harvest Partners III, L.P., Harvest Partners III
Beteilingungsgesellschaft Burgerlichen Rechts (Mit Haftungsbeschrankung),
Harvest Partners IV, L.P. or Harvest Partners IV, GmbH & Co. KG (collectively,
the "Harvest Shareholders") shall be and become (i) one share of Voting
Preferred Stock and (ii) one share of Class B Voting Common Stock;

          (b) each share of Class A Common Stock of the Corporation issued upon
the exercise after December 20, 2004 of options granted pursuant to pursuant to
the the AMH Holdings, Inc. 2002 stock Option Plan (the "Option Exercise Shares")
as two shares of Non-Voting Preferred Stock;

<PAGE>

          (c) three hundred forty and one-half (340.5) shares of Class A Common
Stock of the Corporation (other than Option Exercise Shares) held by 3755428
Canada Inc. (the "Existing Vollmershausen Shares") as six hundred eighty one
(681) shares of Non-Voting Preferred Stock;

          (d) each share of Class A Common Stock of the Corporation (other than
the Existing Vollmershausen Shares and any Option Exercise Shares) held by
Michael Caporale, Jr., Kenneth L. Bloom, D. Keith LaVanway or Dennis W.
Vollmershausen (the "Management Shares") as two shares of Class B Non-Voting
Common Stock; and

          (e) each outstanding share of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common
Stock of the Company, as applicable, held by shareholders of the Corporation
that are not Harvest Related Shareholders (other than the Existing
Vollmershausen Shares and any Option Exercise Shares and any Management Shares)
as (i) one share of Class A Non-Voting Preferred Stock and (ii) one share of
Class B Non-Voting Common Stock.

          FIFTH:

          1. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or
under the direction of a Board of Directors, except as otherwise provided by
law. The number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall be fixed
from time to time by, or in the manner provided in, the By-laws of the
Corporation. Election of Directors need not be by written ballot unless the
By-laws of the Corporation shall so provide. A director shall hold office until
the annual meeting for the year in which his term expires and until his
successor shall be elected and shall qualify, subject, however, to prior death,
resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office. Any newly
created directorship on the Board of Directors that results from an increase in
the number of directors and any vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors
shall be filled only by a majority of the directors then in office, although
less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Any director elected to
fill a vacancy not resulting from an increase in the number of directors shall
have the same remaining term as that of his predecessor.

          2. The Board of Directors of the Corporation shall be authorized to
make, amend, alter, change, add to or repeal the By-Laws of the Corporation in
any manner not inconsistent with the laws of the State of Delaware, subject to
the power of the stockholders of the Corporation to amend, alter, change, add to
or repeal the By-Laws made by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

          SIXTH:

          1. To the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of
Delaware:

          (a) the Corporation shall indemnify any person (and such person's
heirs, executors or administrators) who was or is a party or is threatened to be
made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding
(brought in the right of the Corporation or otherwise), whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, and whether formal or informal, including
appeals, by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer
of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was
serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, partner,
trustee, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust, limited liability company or other enterprise, for and against all
expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines, penalties and amounts
paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person or such
heirs, executors or administrators in connection with such action, suit or
proceeding, including appeals.

<PAGE>

Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Corporation shall be required to
indemnify a person described in such sentence in connection with any action,
suit or proceeding (or part thereof) commenced by such person only if the
commencement of such action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) by such person
was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. The Corporation may
indemnify any person (and such person's heirs, executors or administrators) who
was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending
or completed action, suit or proceeding (brought in the right of the Corporation
or otherwise), whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, and
whether formal or informal, including appeals, by reason of the fact that such
person is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at
the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, partner, trustee,
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust,
limited liability company or other enterprise, for and against all expenses
(including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person or such heirs,
executors or administrators in connection with such action, suit or proceeding,
including appeals.

          (b) the Corporation (i) shall promptly pay expenses incurred by any
person described in the first sentence of subsection (a) of this Article Sixth,
Section 1 and (ii) may pay expenses incurred by any person whom the Corporation
has determined to indemnify pursuant to the third sentence of subsection (a) of
this Article Sixth, Section 1, in each case in defending any action, suit or
proceeding in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or
proceeding, including appeals, upon presentation of appropriate documentation.

          (c) The Corporation may purchase and obtain insurance on behalf of any
person described in subsection (a) of this Article Sixth, Section 1 against any
liability asserted against such person, whether or not the Corporation would
have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under the
provisions of this Article Sixth, Section 1 or otherwise.

          (d) The provisions of this Article Sixth, Section 1 shall be
applicable to all actions, claims, suits or proceedings made or commenced after
the adoption hereof, whether or not arising from acts or omissions to act
occurring before or after the adoption hereof. The provisions of this Article
Sixth, Section 1 shall be deemed to be a contract between the Corporation and
each director or officer who serves in such capacity at any time while this
Article Sixth, Section 1 and the relevant provisions of the laws of the State of
Delaware and other applicable law, if any, are in effect, and any repeal or
modification hereof shall not affect any rights or obligations then existing
with respect to any state of facts or any action, suit or proceeding then or
theretofore existing, or any action, suit or proceeding thereafter brought or
threatened based in whole or in part on any such state of facts. If any
provisions of this Article Sixth, Section 1 shall be found to be invalid or
limited in application by reason of any law or regulation, such finding shall
not affect the validity of the remaining provisions hereof. The rights of
indemnification provided in this Article Sixth, Section 1 shall neither be
exclusive of, nor be deemed in limitation of, any rights to which an officer,
director, employee or agent of the Corporation may otherwise be entitled or
permitted by contract, this Certificate of Incorporation, vote of the
stockholders or directors of the Corporation or otherwise, or as a matter of
law, both as to actions in such person's official capacity and actions in any
other capacity while holding such office, it being the policy of the Corporation
that indemnification of any person whom the Corporation is obligated to
indemnify pursuant to the first sentence of subsection (a) of this Article
Sixth, Section 1 shall be made to the fullest extent permitted by law.

<PAGE>

          (e) For purposes of this Article Sixth, references to "other
enterprises" shall include, without limitation, employee benefit plans;
references to "fines" shall include, without limitation, any excise taxes
assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to
"serving at the request of the Corporation" shall include, without limitation,
any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which
imposes duties on, or involves service by, such director, officer, employee or
agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or
beneficiaries.

          2. A director of the Corporation shall not be liable to the
Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary
duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or
limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as the same exists or may
hereafter be amended. Any amendment, modification or repeal of the foregoing
sentence shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the
Corporation hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the
time of such amendment, modification or repeal.

          SEVENTH: Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the
State of Delaware, as the By-Laws may provide. The books of the Corporation may
be kept (subject to any provision contained in the DGCL) outside the State of
Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to time by the
Board of Directors or in the By-Laws of the Corporation.

          EIGHTH:

          1. In anticipation that Harvest Partners IV, LP and/or its affiliates
(collectively, "Harvest") and Investcorp International S.A. and/or its
affiliates (collectively, "Investcorp"), and certain partners, directors,
officers, employees and agents of Harvest or Investcorp, respectively (each, a
"Related Person"), will be substantial stockholders of the Corporation, and in
anticipation that at some time in the future Harvest and/or Investcorp
(including, without limitation, entities in which Harvest and/or Investcorp
acquires an interest) may engage in the same or similar activities or lines of
business as does the Corporation, and may thereby be interested in the same
corporate opportunities as is the Corporation, and in recognition of the
benefits to be derived by the Corporation through its continued contractual,
corporate and business relations with Harvest and Investcorp (including the
service of Related Persons as officers and directors of the Corporation), the
provisions of this Article Eighth are set forth pursuant to Section 122(17) of
the DGCL to regulate and define the conduct of certain affairs of the
Corporation as they may involve Harvest, Investcorp or Related Persons, and the
powers, rights, duties and liabilities of the Corporation and its officers,
directors and stockholders in connection therewith.

          2. Neither Harvest nor Investcorp shall have any duty not to (i)
engage in, acquire or possess an interest in any other business venture of any
kind, nature or description, independently or with others, whether or not such
ventures are competitive with or in the same or similar lines of business as
that of the Corporation or (ii) engage in business or other dealing with persons
or entities transacting business with the Corporation. To the fullest extent
permitted by Section 122(17) of the DGCL, the Corporation hereby renounces any
interest or expectancy of the Corporation to participate in any such venture or
business of Harvest or

<PAGE>

Investcorp, and acknowledges that none of Harvest, Investcorp or any Related
Person shall be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for breach of
fiduciary duty solely by reason of the participation of Harvest or Investcorp,
as applicable, in any such venture.

          3. In the event that Harvest or Investcorp acquires knowledge of a
potential transaction or matter which may constitute a corporate opportunity for
either Harvest or Investcorp, on the one hand, and the Corporation, on the other
hand, neither Harvest nor Investcorp shall have any duty to offer or communicate
information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Corporation. To the
fullest extent permitted by Section 122(17) of the DGCL, the Corporation hereby
renounces any interest or expectancy of the Corporation in any such corporate
opportunity and acknowledges neither Harvest nor Investcorp shall be liable to
the Corporation or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty as a
stockholder of the Corporation by reason of the fact that Harvest or Investcorp
pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, directs such
corporate opportunity to another person or does not communicate information
regarding such corporate opportunity to the Corporation.

          4. In the event that a Related Person serving as an officer or
director of the Corporation acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or
matter which may constitute a corporate opportunity for both the Corporation, on
the one hand, and Harvest or Investcorp, on the other hand, such officer or
director shall have no duty to offer or communicate information regarding such
corporate opportunity to the Corporation except as provided below. To the
fullest extent permitted by Section 122(17) of the DGCL, the Corporation hereby
renounces any interest or expectancy of the Corporation in any such corporate
opportunity and acknowledges that such officer or director shall not be liable
to the Corporation or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty by
reason of the fact that Harvest or Investcorp pursues or acquires such corporate
opportunity for itself, directs such corporate opportunity to another person or
does not communicate or offer information regarding such corporate opportunity
to the Corporation; provided, however, that any corporate opportunity that is
expressly offered to a Related Person in writing solely in his or her capacity
as an officer or director of the Corporation shall belong to the Corporation.

          5. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest
in any shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall he deemed to have notice
of, and to have consented to, the provisions of this Article Eighth.

          NINTH: The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or
repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the
manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon
stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation.

<PAGE>

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation has been signed by a duly authorized officer of the Corporation
this 22nd day of December 2004.


                                     By:
                                          ------------------------------
                                          Name:  D. Keith LaVanway
                                          Title: Chief Financial Officer

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exh3-2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS
<TEXT>
                                                                     EXHIBIT 3.2

                               AMH HOLDINGS, INC.



                      STATEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE POWERS,

                       PREFERENCES AND RELATIVE, OPTIONAL

                  AND OTHER SPECIAL RIGHTS AND QUALIFICATIONS,

                   LIMITATIONS AND RESTRICTIONS PERTAINING TO

                     THE CLASS A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

                      -------------------------------------
     Pursuant to Section 151 of the General Corporation Law of the State of

                                    Delaware

                      -------------------------------------

<PAGE>

          AMH Holdings, Inc. (the "Company"), a corporation organized and
existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the
"DGCL"), does hereby certify that, pursuant to Section 151 of the DGCL, its
Board of Directors has adopted the following resolution, which resolution
remains in full force and effect as of the date hereof:

          WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board of
Directors") is authorized, within the limitations and restrictions stated in the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, to fix by resolution the
designation of each series of preferred stock and the powers, designations,
preferences and relative participating, optional or other rights, if any, or the
qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including, without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, such provisions as may be desired concerning
voting, redemption, dividends, dissolution or the distribution of assets,
conversion or exchange, and such other subject or matters as may be fixed by
resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors under the DGCL; and

          WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Board of Directors, pursuant to its
authority as aforesaid, to authorize and fix the terms of two series of
preferred stock and the number of shares constituting such series:

          NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that there is hereby authorized such
series of preferred stock on the terms and with the provisions herein set forth:


                                    ARTICLE 1



                                   DESIGNATION

     SECTION 1.1 There is hereby created out of the authorized and unissued
shares of preferred stock of the Issuer two series of Class A Convertible
Preferred Stock designated as the "Series I (Voting) Convertible Preferred
Stock", par value $0.01 per share (the "Series I Preferred Stock"), consisting
of 2,114,019 shares, and the "Series II (Non-Voting) Convertible Preferred
Stock", par value $0.01 per share (the "Series II Preferred Stock", and together
with the Series I Preferred Stock, the "Preferred Stock"), consisting of
1,614,019 shares. Certain terms used without definition below are defined
in Article 10 below.

                                    ARTICLE 2

                                      RANK

     SECTION 2.1 The Preferred Stock shall, with respect to dividends and as to
distributions upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up and
dissolution of the Issuer (as set forth in Article 3 and Article 4 hereof), rank
(i) senior to all classes of Common Stock, and to each other class of Capital
Stock of the Issuer established after the Issue Date by the Board of Directors
of the Issuer the terms of which do not expressly provide that it ranks senior
to or on a parity with the Preferred Stock as to dividends and as to
distributions upon the liquidation, winding-up and dissolution of the Issuer
(collectively referred to with the Common Stock of the Issuer as "Junior
Securities"); (ii) on a parity with each series of Preferred Stock established
after the Issue Date by the Board of Directors of the Issuer, the terms of which
expressly provide that such class will rank on a parity with the Preferred Stock
as to dividends and as to distributions upon the liquidation, winding-up and
dissolution of the Issuer (collectively referred to as "Parity Securities") and
(iii) junior to all classes of Capital Stock of the Issuer established after the
Issue Date by the Board of Directors of the Issuer the terms of which expressly
provide that it ranks senior to the Preferred Stock as to dividends and as to
distributions upon the liquidation, winding-up and dissolution of the Issuer
(collectively referred to as "Senior Securities"). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, a security shall not be deemed to be a "Senior Security" solely
because such security has a stated dividend or interest coupon.

                                    ARTICLE 3

                                    DIVIDENDS

     SECTION 3.1

     (a) In the event the Issuer declares, makes or pays any dividends or other
distributions out of funds legally available therefor (whether payable in cash,
securities, rights or other property) other than the dividend in the aggregate
amount of $96,406,123 paid on the

                                       2
<PAGE>

Class B Series I Common Stock and Class B Series II Common Stock on the Issue
Date (, the Issuer shall first pay such dividends or other distributions to
the Holders of the Preferred Stock until such Holders have received, for each
share of outstanding Preferred Stock, an amount (or securities, rights or other
property valued at an amount) equal to the Issue Price divided by the number of
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (any such payment, a "Priority Dividend").

     (b)   After the Priority Dividend has been paid in full, in the event the
Issuer declares, makes or pays any other dividends or distributions out of funds
legally available therefor (whether payable in cash, securities, rights or other
property) on the Common Stock, the Issuer shall pay such dividends to the
Holders of Preferred Stock and the holders of Common Stock pro rata based on the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock and Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock in accordance with
Article 6 as of the date immediately prior to the record date for such dividend
or distribution, or if no record date is fixed, the date as of which the record
holders of Common Stock entitled to such dividends or distributions are
determined. Such dividends shall be payable on the same date (and with the same
record date) as such dividends are payable on the outstanding shares of Common
Stock and in the same form as such dividends are payable on the outstanding
shares of Common Stock.

     SECTION 3.2 All dividends paid with respect to shares of the outstanding
Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 3.1 hereof shall be paid pro rata to the
Holders entitled thereto.

     SECTION 3.3 Nothing herein contained shall in any way or under any
circumstances be construed or deemed to require the Board of Directors to
declare, or the Issuer to pay, or set apart for payment, any dividends at any
time.

     SECTION 3.4 Holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive the dividends provided for in Section 3.1(a) hereof in preference to and
in priority over any dividends upon any Junior Securities and shall be entitled
to receive the dividends provided for in Section 3.1(b) hereof in preference to
and priority over any dividends upon any Junior Securities other than Common
Stock.

     SECTION 3.5 The value of any non-cash dividends or distributions shall be
the fair market value of such dividends or distributions as of the date made, as
determined in good faith by the Board, based upon a customary appraisal prepared
by an independent appraisal company.



                                    ARTICLE 4

                             LIQUIDATION PREFERENCE

     SECTION 4.1 Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
winding-up of the Issuer, each Holder of the Preferred Stock will be entitled to
be paid, out of the assets of the Issuer available for distribution, and before
any distribution is made on any Junior Security, a liquidation preference (the
"Liquidation Preference") per share equal to the Aggregate Liquidation
Preference Amount divided by the number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding
immediately before the record date of the determination of stockholders entitled
to receive distributions for such liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, or if
no record date is fixed, the date

                                       3
<PAGE>

of such liquidation, dissolution or winding-up (such amount, the "Retained
Liquidation Preference"). In addition, each Holder of the Preferred Stock will
be entitled to an amount per share in cash equal to all declared but unpaid
dividends (other than Priority Dividends, if any) thereon to the date fixed for
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. If, upon any voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer, the amounts payable with
respect to the Preferred Stock and all other Parity Securities are not paid in
full, the Holders of the Preferred Stock and the Parity Securities will share
equally and ratably in any distribution of assets of the Issuer in proportion to
the full Liquidation Preference and declared and unpaid dividends (other than
Priority Dividends, if any) to which each is entitled. After payment of the full
amount of the Liquidation Preferences and declared and unpaid dividends (other
than Priority Dividends, if any) to which they are entitled, the Holders of
Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any further participation in any
distribution of assets of the Issuer.

     SECTION 4.2 For purposes of Section 4.1, neither the sale, conveyance,
exchange or transfer (for cash, shares of stock, securities or other
consideration) of all or substantially all of the property or assets of the
Issuer nor the consolidation or merger of the Issuer with or into one or more
Persons or a Sale of the Business will be deemed to be a liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer.

                                    ARTICLE 5

                                  VOTING RIGHTS

     SECTION 5.1 Except as otherwise required by law, the Holders of shares of
Series I Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote (or act by written consent),
together with all the outstanding shares of Voting Stock of the Issuer, and not
as a separate class except as otherwise required under Delaware law or as set
forth in this Article 5, on all matters on which holders of Voting Common Stock
shall be entitled or permitted to vote (or act by written consent). Except as
otherwise required by law, the Holders of Series II Preferred Stock shall not be
entitled to vote on any matter presented to the stockholders of the Issuer and
the Series II Preferred Stock shall not be included in determining the number of
shares entitled to vote on such matters.

     SECTION 5.2 Without the affirmative vote or consent of the Holders of at
least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series I Preferred Stock,
voting or consenting, as the case may be, separately as one class, given in
person or by proxy, either in writing or by resolution adopted at an annual or
special meeting, the Issuer shall not:

     (a) amend this Certificate of Designation or the Certificate of
Incorporation, whether by operation of law, by merger or otherwise, so as to
affect adversely the special rights, powers, preferences, privileges or voting
rights of Holders of the Preferred Stock; provided that (i) the creation,
authorization or issuance of any non-voting shares of Junior Securities, (ii)
the decrease in the amount of authorized Capital Stock of any class (but not
below the amount of outstanding Capital Stock of such class), including the
Preferred Stock or (iii) the increase in the amount of authorized Capital Stock
of any class of Junior Securities shall not require the consent of the Holders
of Series I Preferred Stock and shall not be deemed to affect adversely the
special rights, powers, preferences, privileges or voting rights of Holders of
shares of Preferred Stock; or

                                       4
<PAGE>

     (b) authorize, create or issue any Senior Securities or Parity Securities
and the Issuer shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to issue any Capital
Stock to any Person other than the Issuer or its Subsidiaries.

     SECTION 5.3 In any case in which the Holders of shares of the Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to vote pursuant to this Article 5 or pursuant to
Delaware law, each Holder of shares of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
the number of votes per share equal to the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of such share of Preferred Stock in accordance with
Article 6 as of the date fixed for the determination of holders entitled to vote
on such proposal. Any action that may be taken hereunder by the Holders of the
Preferred Stock voting as a separate class at a meeting may be taken by written
consent of a majority of the Holders of the then outstanding shares of such
Preferred Stock.

                                    ARTICLE 6

                                   CONVERSION

     SECTION 6.1 Conversion.

     (a) The Holder of any shares of Preferred Stock at its option may at any
time convert all or any of such Holder's shares of (i) Series I Preferred Stock
into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Class A Series I Common Stock and
(ii) Series II Preferred Stock into fully paid and non-assessable shares of
Class A Series II Common Stock (collectively, the Class A Series I Common Stock
and the Class A Series II Common Stock are referred to as the "Conversion
Shares"), in each case, at the conversion rate at which Conversion Shares shall
be delivered upon conversion (the "Conversion Rate") in effect at the time of
conversion. Concurrently with (A) an initial public offering of Common Stock of
the Issuer in a firm commitment underwritten public offering by a nationally
recognized underwriter for which either (x) the per share price to the public of
the Common Stock so offered translates to the Issuer's implied equity valuation
resulting from the per share price to the public in such offering shall be no
less than $450,000,000 or (y) the Holders of Series I Preferred Stock are at the
time entitled to designate one or more members of the Board and the Issuer
obtained the prior written approval from at least one such director designated
by the Holders of Series I Preferred Stock (either (x) or (y) a "Qualified IPO")
or (B) the consummation of any transaction pursuant to which the Aggregate
Liquidation Preference Amount is reduced to zero (0) (a "Forced Conversion"),
all shares of Preferred Stock shall be automatically converted into fully paid
and non-assessable Conversion Shares at the Conversion Rate in effect on the
date of such offering or event.

     (b) The Conversion Rate shall initially be 1 Conversion Share for each
share of Preferred Stock, subject to adjustment in certain instances as provided
in Section 6.2. The number of Conversion Shares deliverable upon such conversion
shall be the number obtained by multiplying the number of shares of Preferred
Stock being so converted by the Conversion Rate fixed or determined pursuant to
the provisions of this paragraph (b) of this Section 6.1 and

                                       5

<PAGE>

Section 6.2. Such conversion shall be exercised by the surrender to the Issuer
of the certificate or certificates, duly endorsed, representing the shares to be
so converted at any time during normal business hours at the office of the
Issuer and, accompanied (i) in the case of a Holder electing to convert at its
option, by written notice of such Holder's election to convert, (ii) if so
required by the Issuer, by instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the
Issuer, duly executed by the registered Holder or by his or her duly authorized
attorney and (iii) transfer tax stamps or funds therefor, if required pursuant
to paragraph (h) of this Section 6.1. All certificates representing the
converted Preferred Stock, including all certificates not so delivered by such
Holders, shall be, or shall be deemed to be, canceled by the Issuer as of the
date the election to convert is made or the date of the Qualified IPO or a
Forced Conversion and shall thereafter no longer be of any force or effect.

     (c) As promptly as practicable after the surrender for conversion of any
certificate(s) representing shares of Preferred Stock in the manner provided in
paragraph (b) of this Section 6.1 and the payment in cash of any amount required
by the provisions of paragraphs (b) and (h) of this Section 6.1, the Issuer will
deliver to, or at the written direction of, the Holder, such certificates
representing the number of full Conversion Shares issuable upon such conversion,
issued in such name or names as such Holder may direct. Such conversion shall be
deemed to have been made, in the case of an election to convert by the Holder,
immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the
certificate(s) representing the shares to be converted and, in the case of a
mandatory conversion in connection with a Qualified IPO or a Forced Conversion ,
upon the opening of business on the date of such Qualified IPO or a Forced
Conversion, and all rights of the Holder of such shares as a Holder of such
shares shall cease at such time and the person or persons in whose name or names
the certificates for such Conversion Shares are to be issued shall be treated
for all purposes as having become the record holder or holders thereof at such
time and such conversion shall be at the Conversion Rate in effect at such time.

     If the last day for the exercise of the conversion right shall be other
than a Business Day, then such conversion right may be exercised on the next
succeeding Business Day.

     (d) If shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted subsequent to the
record date preceding a Dividend Payment Date for the Preferred Stock, but prior
to such Dividend Payment Date, the registered holder of such shares at the close
of business on such record date shall be entitled to receive the dividend
payable on such shares on such Dividend Payment Date in the form which such
Holder is entitled to notwithstanding the conversion thereof or the Issuer's
default in payment of the dividend due on such Dividend Payment Date.

     (e) So long as permitted by the Certificate of Incorporation, fractional
Conversion Shares may be issued upon the conversion of any share or shares of
Preferred Stock. If more than one such share of Preferred Stock shall be
surrendered for conversion at the same time by the same Holder, the number of
full Conversion Shares which shall be issuable upon the conversion thereof shall
be computed on the basis as specified in Section 6.1(b).

     (f) If either of the following shall occur: (i) any consolidation,
reorganization or merger to which the Issuer is a party, other than a
consolidation, reorganization or a merger in which the Issuer is a continuing
corporation and which does not result in any reclassification,

                                       6
<PAGE>

change or exchange (other than changes in par value or from par value to no par
value or from no par value to par value or changes as a result of a subdivision
or combination) in outstanding Conversion Shares, or (ii) any sale or conveyance
to another Person of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer; then;
except as otherwise provided in Article 7, the Holder of each share of Preferred
Stock then outstanding shall have the right to convert such share only into the
kind and amount of shares of stock and other securities and property receivable
upon such consolidation, reorganization, merger, sale or conveyance by a Holder
of the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of such share of
Preferred Stock immediately prior to such consolidation, reorganization, merger,
sale or conveyance, subject to adjustments which shall be as nearly equivalent
as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for in Section 6.2. The
provisions of this paragraph (f) shall similarly apply to successive
consolidations, reorganizations, mergers, sales or conveyances. The issuer shall
cause to be given to the Holders of shares of Preferred Stock as promptly as
possible, but in any event at least 15 days prior to the applicable date of the
occurrence of an event described in clause (i) or (ii) above, a notice stating
the date on which such event is expected to become effective or occur, and the
date as of which it is expected that holders of Common Stock of record shall be
entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such consolidation, reorganization, merger, sale or
conveyance.

     (g) The Issuer covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep
available, solely for the purpose of issue upon conversion of the shares of
Preferred Stock, such number of Conversion Shares as shall be issuable upon the
conversion of all such outstanding shares. The Issuer covenants that if any
Conversion Shares required to be reserved for purposes of conversion of the
shares hereunder require registration with or approval of any governmental
authority under any Federal or State law or regulation before such shares may be
issued upon conversion, the Issuer will cause such shares to be duly registered
or approved, as the case may be. The Issuer will use its reasonable best efforts
to list the Conversion Shares required to be delivered upon conversion of shares
prior to such delivery upon each national securities exchange, if any, upon
which the outstanding Conversion Shares are listed at the time of such delivery,
and, if such outstanding Conversion Shares are not listed on any exchange but
are traded in the over-the-counter market, to qualify such shares for trading
and quotation privileges such as are then available for the outstanding
Conversion Shares. The Issuer covenants that all Conversion Shares which shall
be issued upon conversion of the Preferred Stock will upon issue be fully paid
and non-assessable and not subject to any preemptive rights.

     (h) The issuance of certificates for Conversion Shares upon conversion
shall be made without charge for any stamp or other similar tax in respect of
such issuance. However, if any such certificate is to be issued in a name other
than that of the Holder of the share or shares converted, the person or persons
requesting the issuance thereof shall pay to the Issuer the amount of any tax
which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in such issuance or
shall establish to the satisfaction of the Issuer that such tax has been paid.

     (i) The Conversion Shares issued upon conversion of the Preferred Stock
shall bear such legends and shall have such transfer restrictions as provided
for in Section 8.2, the Certificate of Incorporation and by the laws of any
state or other jurisdiction.

                                       7

<PAGE>

     (j) Subject to and in compliance with this Article 6, each Holder of shares
of Series II Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert, at any time and from
time to time, any or all of the shares of Series II Preferred Stock held by such
Holder into an equal number of shares of Series I Preferred Stock. No conversion
of Series II Preferred Stock shall be consummated unless such conversion will
not result in a change of control of the Issuer under the Issuer's debt
instruments and the Holder electing to so convert delivers an opinion of counsel
to the Issuer, reasonably acceptable to the Issuer, stating that such conversion
will not result in a change of control of the Issuer under the Issuer's debt
instruments.

     SECTION 6.2 Adjustments of Conversion Rate. The Conversion Rate shall be
subject to adjustment as follows:

     (a) Adjustment for Changes in Common Stock. If, after the Issue Date, the
Issuer:

               (i)   subdivides or splits any of its outstanding shares of any
     class of Common Stock into a greater number of shares;

               (ii)  combines any of its outstanding shares of any class of
     Common Stock into a smaller number of shares; or

               (iii) issues by reclassification of any class of its Common
     Stock any shares of any of its Common Stock;

then the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to such action for each
share of Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be adjusted by multiplying
the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to such action by a fraction (A)
the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of all classes of Common
Stock outstanding immediately after such action giving pro forma effect to the
exercise of all then outstanding Convertible Securities (other than the
Preferred Stock) and (B) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares
of all classes of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such action or
the record date applicable to such action, if any (giving pro forma effect to
the exercise of all then outstanding Convertible Securities (other than the
Preferred Stock)). The adjustment shall become effective immediately after the
record date in the case of a dividend or distribution and immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification. In
the event that such dividend or distribution is not so paid or made or such
subdivision, combination or reclassification is not effected, the Conversion
Rate shall again be adjusted to be the Conversion Rate which would then be in
effect if such record date or effective date had not been so fixed.

          If, as a result of an adjustment made pursuant to this Section 6.2(a)
a holder of shares of Preferred Stock upon conversion of such shares of
Preferred Stock may receive shares of two or more classes of Capital Stock of
the Issuer, the Conversion Rate shall thereafter be subject to adjustment upon
the occurrence of an action taken with respect to any such class of Capital
Stock as is contemplated by this Section 6.2 with respect to the Common Stock,
on terms comparable to those applicable to Common Stock in this Section 6.2.

     (b) Notice of Adjustment.

                                       8
<PAGE>

     Whenever the Conversion Rate is adjusted, the Issuer shall promptly mail to
Holders of Preferred Stock then outstanding at the addresses appearing on the
stock register a notice of the adjustment. The Issuer shall keep with its
records such notice and a certificate from the Issuer's Chief Financial Officer
briefly stating the facts requiring the adjustment and the manner of computing
it. The certificate shall be conclusive evidence that the adjustment is correct,
absent manifest error.

     (c) Voluntary Adjustment.

     The Issuer from time to time may increase the Conversion Rate by any number
and for any period of time; provided that such period is not less than 20
Business Days. Whenever the Conversion Rate is so increased, the Issuer shall
mail to holders at the addresses appearing on the stock register. The Issuer
shall give the notice at least 15 days before the date the increased Conversion
Rate takes effect. The notice shall state the increased Conversion Rate and the
period it will be in effect. A voluntary increase in the Conversion Rate shall
not change or adjust the Conversion Rate otherwise in effect as determined by
this Section 6.2.

     (d) Multiple Adjustments.

     After an adjustment to the Conversion Rate for outstanding Preferred Stock
under this Section 6.2, any subsequent event requiring an adjustment under this
Section 6.2 shall cause an adjustment to the Conversion Rate for outstanding
Preferred Stock as so adjusted. For the purposes of adjustments with respect to
Convertible Securities, the maximum number of shares of Capital Stock issuable
upon exercise, exchange or conversion of such Convertible Securities shall be
deemed to be outstanding, provided that no further adjustment shall be made upon
the actual issuance of Capital Stock upon exercise, exchange or conversion of
such Convertible Securities.

     (e) When De Minimis Adjustment May Be Deferred.

     No adjustment in the Conversion Rate shall be required unless such
adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least 1% in such rate;
provided, however, that any adjustments which by reason of the foregoing are not
required to be made shall be carried forward and taken into account in any
subsequent adjustment. All calculations shall be made by the Issuer and shall be
rounded to the sixth decimal place. No adjustment need be made for a change in
the par value or no par value of the Common Stock and no adjustment shall be
deferred beyond the date on which a share of Preferred Stock is converted.

                                    ARTICLE 7

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

     SECTION 7.1 Reissuance of Preferred Stock. Shares of Preferred Stock that
have been issued and reacquired in any manner, including shares redeemed,
repurchased or exchanged, shall be cancelled and may not be reissued and the
number of such reacquired shares shall automatically reduce the authorized
number of shares of Preferred Stock.

                                       9
<PAGE>

     SECTION 7.2 Business Day. If any payment, repurchase or exchange shall be
required by the terms hereof to be made on a day that is not a Business Day,
such payment, repurchase, or exchange shall be made on the immediately
succeeding Business Day.

     SECTION 7.3 Waiver. The Holders of at least a majority of the outstanding
shares of Series I Preferred Stock, voting or consenting, as the case may be, as
one class, may waive compliance with any provision of this Certificate of
Designation.

     SECTION 7.4. Notice. Any notice or communication given pursuant to this
Certificate of Designation shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given
(a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally, or if by facsimile, upon
written confirmation of receipt by facsimile, (b) on the first Business Day
following the date of dispatch if delivered by a recognized next-day courier
service, or (c) on the earlier of confirmed receipt or the fifth Business Day
following the date of mailing if delivered by registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid. All notices hereunder shall be
delivered as follows:

     if to the Issuer, to:

                  AMH Holdings, Inc.
                  3737 State Road
                  Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio 44223
                  Attention: Chief Financial Officer
                  Facsimile: (330) 922-2312

     with a copy to:

                  White & Case LLP
                  1155 Avenue of the Americas
                  New York, New York 10036
                  Attention: John M. Reiss, Esq.
                             Oliver C. Brahmst, Esq.
                  Facsimile: (212) 354-8113

                  And

                  Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
                  200 Park Avenue
                  47th Floor
                  New York, New York 10166-0193
                  Attention: David Rosenauer
                             E. Michael Greaney
                  Telephone: (212) 351-4000
                  Facsimile: (212) 351-4035

     Any notice or communication mailed to a Holder of Preferred Stock shall be
sent, mailed or delivered to the Holder at the Holder's address as it appears in
the stock register of the Issuer and shall be sufficiently given if so mailed
within the time prescribed. Failure to mail a notice or communication to a
Holder or any defect in such notice shall not affect its sufficiency with
respect to other Holders. If a notice or communication is mailed in the manner
provided above, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.

                                    ARTICLE 8

                              TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS

     SECTION 8.1 Preferred Stock.

                                       10
<PAGE>

     (a) The certificates evidencing the Preferred Stock shall, unless otherwise
agreed to by the Issuer and the Holders of any such certificates, bear a legend
substantially to the following effect:

     THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT
BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED OF EXCEPT (I) PURSUANT TO AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN
EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND (II) IN
ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED
STATES. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS
IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

     IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE ISSUER SUCH
CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS THE ISSUER MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO
CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.

     THE SECURITY REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY BE AUTOMATICALLY
CONVERTED, UPON THE OCCURRENCE OF CERTAIN EVENTS SPECIFIED IN THE CERTIFICATE OF
DESIGNATION. SUCH AUTOMATIC CONVERSION CAN BE ACCOMPLISHED WITHOUT THIS
CERTIFICATE BEING SURRENDERED AND WHETHER OR NOT THE ISSUER GIVES NOTICE OF SUCH
AUTOMATIC CONVERSION. THE COMPANY WILL FURNISH WITHOUT CHARGE TO EACH HOLDER WHO
SO REQUESTS A COPY OF THE CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION.

     (b) The Issuer shall refuse to register any attempted transfer of shares of
Preferred Stock not in compliance with Section 8.1(a).

     (c) Whenever the restrictions imposed by this Section 8.1 shall terminate
and, if requested by the Issuer, upon delivery by any Holder of an opinion of
counsel stating that such shares of Preferred Stock are no longer Restricted
Securities, such opinion to be in a form and from counsel reasonably acceptable
to the Issuer, the holder thereof shall be entitled to receive from the Issuer,
without expense to the Holder, a new stock certificate not bearing the
restrictive legend set forth in this Section 8.1.

     SECTION 8.2 Conversion Shares.

     (a) The certificates evidencing Conversion Shares issued upon a conversion
of Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 6.1 shall, unless otherwise agreed to by
the Issuer and the Holders of any such certificates, bear a legend substantially
to the following effect:

     THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE

                                       11
<PAGE>

"SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION,
AND SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED
OF EXCEPT (I) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND (II) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS
OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THIS SECURITY
MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT. HEDGING
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE
WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

     IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE ISSUER SUCH
CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS THE ISSUER MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO
CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.

     In addition to such legend, such certificates shall bear any legends
required by the Certificate of Incorporation and by the laws of any state or
other jurisdiction.

     (b) Whenever the restrictions imposed by this Section 8.2 shall terminate
and, if requested by the Issuer, upon delivery by any Holder of an opinion of
counsel stating that such Conversion Shares are no longer Restricted Securities,
such opinion to be in a form and from counsel reasonably acceptable to the
Issuer, the holder thereof shall be entitled to receive from the Issuer, without
expense to the Holder, a new stock certificate not bearing the restrictive
legend set forth in this Section 8.2.

                                    ARTICLE 9

                                DELIVERY AND FORM

     SECTION 9.1 The certificates representing the Preferred Stock will be
issued in fully registered form. Holders of Preferred Stock will be entitled to
receive physical delivery of a physical certificate for their Preferred Stock
("Certificated Preferred Stock"), which shall bear the legend referred to in
Section 8.1. Record ownership of Certificated Preferred Stock will be shown on,
and the transfer of that ownership will be effected only through, records
maintained by the Issuer.

                                   ARTICLE 10

                                   DEFINITIONS

     SECTION 10.1 As used in this Certificate of Designation, the following
terms shall have the following meanings:

     "Affiliate" of any specified Person means:

     (1) any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by
or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person; or

                                       12

<PAGE>

     (2) any other Person that owns, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of such
specified Person's Voting Stock; or

     (3) any Person who is a director or officer (a) of such Person, (b) of any
Subsidiary of such Person or (c) of any Person described in clause (1) or (2)
above.

     For purposes of this definition, "control" (including, with correlative
meanings, the terms "controlling," "controlled by" and "under common control
with"), as used with respect to any Person, shall mean the possession, directly
or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities,
by agreement or otherwise.

     "Aggregate Liquidation Preference Amount" means, at any given time, the
Issue Price minus the aggregate amount of any Priority Dividends declared and
paid at or prior to such time and minus the aggregate proceeds, if any, received
by the Holders from the Company pursuant to any repurchase or redemption of
Preferred Stock by the Company or any other distribution on, or payment in
respect of, the Preferred Stock by the Company consummated at or prior to such
time.

     "Board of Directors" means, with respect to any Person, the Board of
Directors of such Person, or any authorized committee of the Board of Directors
of such Person.

     "Board Resolution" means a copy of a resolution certified by an officer of
the Issuer to have been duly adopted by the Board of Directors and to be in full
force and effect on the date of such certification.

     "Business Day" means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on
which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required
by law to close.

     "Capital Stock" means:

     (1)   in the case of a corporation, corporate stock (including common and
preferred stock);

     (2)   in the case of a partnership or limited liability company,
partnership or membership interests (whether general or limited); and

     (3)   in the case of an association or other business entity, any and all
shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however
designated) of corporate stock.

     "Certificated Preferred Stock" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.

     "Certificate of Designations" means this Statement with Respect to the
Powers, Preferences and Relative, Optional and Other Special Rights and
Qualifications, Limitations and Restrictions Pertaining to the Class A
Convertible Preferred Stock.

     "Certificate of Incorporation" means the Certificate of Incorporation of
the Issuer, as amended from time to time.

                                       13
<PAGE>

     "Class A Series I Common Stock" means the Class A Series I (Voting) Common
Stock of the Issuer, par value $0.01 per share.

     "Class A Series II Common Stock" means the Class A Series II (Non-Voting)
Common Stock of the Issuer, par value $0.01 per share.

     "Class B Series I Common Stock" means the Class B Series I (Voting) Common
Stock of the Issuer, par value $0.01 per share.

     "Class B Series II Common Stock" means the Class B Series II (Non-Voting)
Common Stock of the Issuer, par value $0.01 per share.

     "Common Stock" means all shares of Capital Stock of the Issuer, whether or
not denominated as "common stock," which are entitled to share ratably in the
ordinary dividends of the Issuer or share ratably in the proceeds of any
liquidation of the Issuer after the payment of all preferential claims, and
shall include, without limitation, the Class A Series I Common Stock, the Class
A Series II Common Stock, the Class B Series I Common Stock and the Class B
Series II Common Stock of the Issuer authorized on the Issue Date, but excluding
the Preferred Stock.

     "Conversion Rate" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(b).

     "Conversion Shares" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(a). For
purposes of the Series I Preferred Stock, Conversion Shares shall be deemed to
mean the Class A Series I Common Stock, and for purposes of the Series II
Preferred Stock, Conversion Shares shall be deemed to mean the Class A Series II
Common Stock.

     "Dividend Payment Date" means any date on which dividends are paid to the
Holders of Preferred Stock.

     "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

     "Forced Conversion" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(a).

     "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
of America as in effect from time to time, including those set forth in the
opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of
the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such
other entity as have been approved by a significant segment of the accounting
profession. All ratios and computations based on GAAP contained in this
Certificate of Designation shall be computed in conformity with GAAP as in
effect from time to time.

     "Holder" means with respect to any share of Preferred Stock, a Person in
whose name such share of Preferred Stock is registered in the register for the
Preferred Stock.

     "Initial Control Group" means the investors who are the holders of the
Voting Stock of the Issuer immediately following the Issue Date, any Person
acting in the capacity of an underwriter or initial purchaser in connection with
a public or private offering of the Issuer's Capital Stock, or any Permitted
Transferee of any of the foregoing Persons.

                                       14
<PAGE>

     "Issue Date" means the date on which such series of Preferred Stock is
originally issued.

     "Issue Price" means $150,000,000.

     "Issuer" means AMH Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any
successor.

     "Junior Securities" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

     "Liquidation Preference" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.

     "Parity Securities" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

     "Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated
organization, government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any
other entity.

     "Permitted Transferee" means, (A) with respect to any Person, (i) the
spouse, former spouse, lineal descendants, heirs, executors, administrators,
testamentary trustees, legatees or beneficiaries of any such Person, (ii) a
trust, the beneficiaries of which, or a corporation or partnership or limited
liability company, the stockholders, general or limited partners or members of
which, include only such Person or his or her spouse, former spouse, lineal
descendants or heirs, in each case to whom such Person has transferred, or
through which it holds, the beneficial ownership of any securities of the
Issuer, (iii) any investment fund or investment entity that is a subsidiary of
such Person or a Permitted Transferee of such Person, (B) with respect to any
Holder of Preferred Stock as of the Issue Date, any company incorporated in the
Cayman Islands with whom Investcorp S.A. or any of its Affiliates have a
financial advisory relationship with respect to the Preferred Stock and (C) with
respect to any member of the Initial Control Group, any Affiliate of such member
or the partners, members or beneficiaries of such member upon the liquidation or
dissolution of such member, as the case may be, in accordance with its
controlling fund or other controlling documents, as applicable.

     "Preferred Stock" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1.

     "Priority Dividend" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(a).

     "Qualified IPO" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(a).

     "Restricted Securities" shall have that meaning ascribed to such term in
Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act.

     "Retained Liquidation Preference" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.

     "Sale of the Business" means:

     (i)   the consummation of any transaction or series of related transactions
     the result of which the Initial Control Group ceases to be the "beneficial
     owner" (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act),
     directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the total voting power of the
     Voting Stock or 50% of the

                                       15
<PAGE>

     Common Stock of the Issuer that the Initial Control Group beneficially
     owned immediately following the Issue Date, whether as a result of any
     merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, any direct
     or indirect transfer of securities by the Initial Control Group or
     otherwise (for purposes of this clause (i), the Initial Control Group shall
     be deemed to beneficially own any Common Stock and Voting Stock of an
     entity (the "specified entity") held by any other entity (the "parent
     entity") so long as the Initial Control Group beneficially owns (as so
     defined), directly or indirectly, in the aggregate a majority of the total
     voting power of the Voting Stock of the parent entity); or

     (ii)  any transfer (other than by way of merger or consolidation) of all
or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a
whole to any "person" (as used in Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act)
other than the Initial Control Group.

     "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

     "Senior Securities" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

     "Series I Preferred Stock" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1.

     "Series II Preferred Stock" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1.

     "Subsidiary" means, with respect to any Person:

     (1)   any corporation, association or other business entity of which more
than 50% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock entitled (without
regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of
directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled,
directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries
of that Person (or a combination thereof); and

     (2) any partnership (a) the sole general partner or the managing general
partner of which is such Person or a Subsidiary of such Person or (b) the only
general partners of which are such Person or of one or more Subsidiaries of such
Person (or any combination thereof).

     Unless otherwise specified, "Subsidiary" refers to a Subsidiary of the
Issuer.

     "Voting Common Stock" means the Class A Series I Common Stock, the Class B
Series I Common Stock and any other classes or series of Common Stock of the
Issuer created after the Issue Date that constitute Voting Stock.

     "Voting Stock" of any Person as of any date means the Capital Stock of such
Person that is at the time entitled to vote in the election of the Board of
Directors of such Person.

     SECTION 10.2 Rules of Construction. For the purposes of this Certificate of
Designation (i) words in the singular shall be held to include the plural and
vice versa and words of one gender shall be held to include the other gender as
the context requires, (ii) the word "including" and words of similar import
shall mean "including, without limitation," (iii) a word

                                       16
<PAGE>

has the meaning assigned to it, (iv) an accounting term not otherwise defined
has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with GAAP, and (v) "or" is not
exclusive.

                                       17
<PAGE>

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, AMH Holdings, Inc. has caused this Certificate to
be executed by its duly authorized offices this 22nd day of December, 2004.


                                        AMH HOLDINGS, INC.

                                        By: /s/ D. Keith LaVanway
                                           ----------------------------
                                           Name:  D. Keith LaVanway
                                           Title: Chief Executive Officer

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exh10-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>RESTRUCTURING AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.1




                             RESTRUCTURING AGREEMENT
                             -----------------------

          This RESTRUCTURING AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is entered into as of
December 22, 2004, by and among amH HOLDINGS, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company"), AMH HOLDINGS II, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Holdings"), HARVEST
PARTNERS III, L.P., ("HPIII LP"), HARVEST PARTNERS III, GbR, ("HPIII GBR"),
HARVEST PARTNERS IV GmbH & CO. KG, ("HPIV GMBH"), HARVEST PARTNERS IV, L.P.,
("HPIV LP" and collectively with HPIII LP, HPIII GBR and HPIV GMBH the "Harvest
Funds" and individually each a "Harvest Fund"), BANCBOSTON CAPITAL INC.
("BancBoston"), PRIVATE EQUITY PORTFOLIO FUND II, LLC ("PEPF"), GE CAPITAL
EQUITY CAPITAL GROUP, INC. ("GE"), NATIONAL CITY EQUITY PARTNERS, INC.
("National"), GREAT LAKES CAPITAL INVESTMENTS IV, LLC ("Great Lakes"), LIBERTY
MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY ("Liberty"), OLD HICKORY FUND I, LLC ("Old Hickory"),
PPM AMERICA PRIVATE EQUITY FUND L.P. ("PPM"), ABBOTT CAPITAL PRIVATE EQUITY FUND
III, L.P. ("Abbott"), THE TEXAS GROWTH FUND II - 1998 TRUST ("Texas"), WESTON
PRESIDIO CAPITAL III, L.P. ("Weston III"),WESTON PRESIDIO CAPITAL IV, L.P.
("Weston IV"), WPC ENTREPRENEUR FUND, L.P. ("Entrepreneur I"),WPC ENTREPRENEUR
FUND II, L.P. ("Entrepreneur II" and collectively with Weston III, Weston IV and
Entrepreneur I the "Weston Investors" and individually each a "Weston
Investor"), BNY PARTNERS FUND L.L.C. ("BNY"), NEW YORK LIFE CAPITAL PARTNERS II
L.P. ("New York Life"), 3755428 Canada Inc. ("Canada"), AM HOLDING LIMITED, a
Cayman Islands corporation, ("Investcorp I"), AM EQUITY LIMITED, a Cayman
Islands corporation ("Investcorp II"), AM INVESTMENTS LIMITED, a Cayman Islands
corporation ("Investcorp III"), ASSOCIATED EQUITY LIMITED, a Cayman Islands
corporation ("Investcorp IV"), ASSOCIATED INVESTMENTS LIMITED, a Cayman Islands
corporation ("Investcorp V" and, collectively with Investcorp I, Investcorp II,
Investcorp III and Investcorp IV, the "Investcorp Entities"), and certain
stockholders of the Company listed on the Executive Signature Page hereto (each,
an "Executive" and collectively the "Executives") (the Harvest Funds,
BancBoston, PEFP, GE, National, Great Lakes, Liberty, Old Hickory, PPM, Abbott,
Texas, the Weston Investors, BNY, New York Life, Canada, the Investcorp Entities
and the Executives are referred to collectively herein as the "Contributors,"
and individually herein as a "Contributor").

          WHEREAS, the Contributors own all of the issued and outstanding
capital stock of the Company;

          WHEREAS, the Contributors and the Company desire to restructure the
Company by creating Holdings, a holding company which shall own all of the
issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company;

          WHEREAS, immediately following the Restructuring, the Contributors
shall own all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Holdings on the
same terms and in the same proportion as the capital stock of the Company is
held by the Contributors immediately prior to the Restructuring; and

          WHEREAS, Holdings was incorporated in the State of Delaware on
December 2, 2004 in contemplation of the Restructuring.

                            Restructuring Agreement
<PAGE>

                                                                               2

          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
promises herein made, and in consideration of the representations, warranties,
and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                            Restructuring Agreement

<PAGE>
                                                                               3

          1.   Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined
herein shall have their respective meanings as defined in that certain Stock
Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2004, by and among the Company,
Harvest Partners, Inc., as the Sellers' Representative, each of the Sellers
named therein, and each Investcorp Entity, as the Purchasers.

          2.   Contribution to Holdings. (a) On the date of this Agreement, each
Contributor agrees to contribute and, as soon as practicable, deliver to
Holdings certificates representing the number of shares of (i) Class B, Series I
(Voting) Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the "Company
Class B Voting Common Stock"), (ii) Class B, Series II (Non-Voting) Common
Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the "Company Class B
Non-Voting Common Stock" and, collectively with the Company Class B Voting
Common Stock, the "Company Common Stock"), (iii) Class A, Series I (Voting)
Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the
"Company Voting Preferred Stock") and (iv) Class A, Series II (Non-Voting)
Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the
"Company Non-Voting Preferred Stock" and, collectively with the Company Voting
Preferred Stock, the "Company Preferred Stock"; the Company Preferred Stock and
the Company Common Stock, collectively, the "Outstanding Company Stock"), as
applicable, as specified for each such Contributor on Schedule 1 attached
hereto, endorsed in blank or accompanied by duly executed assignment documents.

          (b)  In exchange for the contribution of the shares of Outstanding
Company Stock pursuant to Section 2(a), Holdings agrees to issue and deliver to
each Contributor the number of shares of (i) Class B, Series I (Voting) Common
Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Holdings (the "Holdings Class B Voting
Common Stock"), (ii) Class B, Series II (Non-Voting) Common Stock, par value
$0.01 per share, of Holdings (the "Holdings Class B Non-Voting Common Stock"
and, collectively with the Holdings Class B Voting Common Stock, the "Holdings
Class B Common Stock"), (iii) Class A, Series I (Voting) Convertible Preferred
Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Holdings (the "Holdings Voting Preferred
Stock") and (iv) Class A, Series II (Non-Voting) Convertible Participating
Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Holdings (the "Holdings
Non-Voting Preferred Stock" and, collectively with the Holdings Voting Preferred
Stock, the "Holdings Preferred Stock"; the Holdings Preferred Stock and the
Holdings Class B Common Stock, collectively, the "Outstanding Holdings Stock"),
as applicable, as specified for each such Contributor on Schedule 1 attached
hereto (in each case, in the form of stock certificates issued by Holdings
representing such shares). The parties hereto intend that the transactions
described in this Section 2 (the "Initial Exchange") be characterized as an
exchange under Section 351(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

          3.   Representations and Warranties Concerning the Transaction.

          (a)  Representations and Warranties with respect to the Company. The
Company represents and warrants to each of the Contributors that:

               (i) Organization of the Company. The Company is duly organized,
validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

               (ii) Authorization of Transaction. The Company has full corporate
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its
obligations

                            Restructuring Agreement

<PAGE>
                                                                               4


hereunder. This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the
Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms and conditions, except to the
extent that its enforceability may be subject to applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement
of creditors' rights generally and to general equitable principles. The Company
need not give any notice to, make any filing with, or obtain any authorization,
consent, or approval of any government or governmental agency in order to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except as required
by applicable state, province or "blue sky" securities laws or regulations,
which shall be timely made.

               (iii) Noncontravention. Neither the execution and the delivery of
this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
will (a) violate any constitution, statute, regulation, rule, injunction,
judgment, order, decree, ruling, charge, or other restriction of any government,
governmental agency, or court to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is
subject, (b) violate or conflict with any provision of its charter or bylaws or
(c) result in a breach of or constitute a default under, any material agreement,
contract, lease, license, instrument, or other arrangement to which the Company
or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound or to which any of
its assets is subject.

               (iv) Capital Stock and Related Matters. The authorized capital
stock of the Company consists of (i) 2,114,019 shares of Company Class A Voting
Common Stock, of which (x) no shares are issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Restructuring and (y) no shares will be issued and outstanding
immediately after the Restructuring, (ii) 1,614,019 shares of Class A, Series II
(Non-Voting) Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share (the
"Company Class A Non-Voting Common Stock") of which (x) no shares are issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Restructuring and (y) no shares will be
issued and outstanding immediately after the Restructuring, (iii) 2,583,801
shares of Company Class B Voting Common Stock, of which (x) 500,000 shares are
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Restructuring and (y) 500,000
shares will be issued and outstanding and owned by Holdings immediately after
the Restructuring, (iv) 2,083,801 shares of Company Class B Non-Voting Common
Stock, of which (x) 1,614,019 shares are issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Restructuring and (y) 1,614,019 shares will be issued and
outstanding and owned by Holdings immediately after the Restructuring, (v)
500,000 shares of Company Voting Preferred Stock, of which (x) 500,000 shares
are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Restructuring and (y)
500,000 shares will be issued and outstanding and owned by Holdings immediately
after the Restructuring and (vi) 1,614,019 shares of Company Non-Voting
Preferred Stock, of which (x) 1,614,019 shares are issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Restructuring and (y) 1,614,019 shares will be issued
and outstanding and owned by Holdings immediately after the Restructuring.
Immediately prior to the Restructuring, the record ownership of the capital
stock of the Company shall be as set forth on Schedule 1. Immediately after the
Restructuring, except as described above, the Company will not have outstanding
any capital stock or securities convertible or exchangeable for any shares of
its capital stock or containing any profit participation features, nor any
rights or options to subscribe for or to purchase its capital stock or any stock
or securities convertible into or exchangeable for its capital stock or any
stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans. Immediately after the
Restructuring, the Company shall not be subject to any obligation (contingent or
otherwise) to repurchase or otherwise acquire or retire any shares of its
outstanding capital stock or any warrants, options or other rights to acquire
its capital stock. As of the Restructuring and

                            Restructuring Agreement

<PAGE>

                                                                               5

immediately thereafter, all of the outstanding shares of the Company's capital
stock shall be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

          (b)  Representations and Warranties with respect to Holdings. The
Company and Holdings represent and warrant, jointly and severally, that:

               (i) Organization of Holdings. Holdings is duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

               (ii) Authorization of Transaction and Holdings Shares. Holdings
has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and
to perform its obligations hereunder and under the Holdings Stockholders
Agreement. Holdings has (i) caused the Holdings Charter and the Holdings
Certificate of Designations to be duly adopted and filed with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware and (ii) authorized the issuance of the shares of
Outstanding Holdings Stock to the Contributors pursuant to Section 2. Each of
this Agreement and the Holdings Stockholders Agreement constitutes a valid and
binding obligation of Holdings, enforceable against Holdings in accordance with
its terms and conditions, except to the extent that its enforceability may be
subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and to
general equitable principles. Holdings need not give any notice to, make any
filing with, or obtain any authorization, consent, or approval of any government
or governmental agency in order to consummate the transactions contemplated by
each of this Agreement and the Holdings Stockholders Agreement, except as
required by applicable state, province or "blue sky" securities laws or
regulations, which shall be timely made.

               (iii) Noncontravention. Neither the execution and the delivery of
this Agreement or the Holdings Stockholders Agreement, nor the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, will (a) violate any
constitution, statute, regulation, rule, injunction, judgment, order, decree,
ruling, charge, or other restriction of any government, governmental agency, or
court to which Holdings is subject, (b) violate or conflict with any provision
of the Holdings Charter or the bylaws of Holdings or (c) result in a breach of
or constitute a default under, any material agreement, contract, lease, license,
instrument, or other arrangement to which Holdings is a party or by which it is
bound or to which any of its assets is subject.

               (iv) Capital Stock and Related Matters

          (A) The authorized capital stock of Holdings consists of (i) 2,114,019
shares of Class A, Series I (Voting) Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of
Holdings (the "Holdings Class A Voting Common Stock"), of which (x) no shares
are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Restructuring and (y)
500,000 shares will be reserved for issuance after the Restructuring upon the
conversion of any shares of Holdings Voting Preferred Stock, and (z) 1,614,019
shares will be reserved for issuance after the Restructuring upon the conversion
of any shares of Holdings Class A Non-Voting Common Stock (as defined below),
(ii) 1,614,019 shares of Class A, Series II (Non-Voting) Common Stock, par vale
$0.01 per share, of Holdings (the "Holdings Class A Non-Voting Common Stock"
and, collectively with the Holdings Class A Voting Stock, the "Holdings Class A
Common Stock"; the Holdings Class A Common Stock, collectively with the Holdings
Class B Common Stock, the "Holdings Common Stock"; and the Holdings Common
Stock, collectively with the Holdings Preferred Stock, the

                            Restructuring Agreement
<PAGE>

                                                                               6


"Holdings Stock"), of which (x) no shares are issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Restructuring and (y) 1,614,019 shares will be reserved for
issuance after the Restructuring upon the conversion of any shares of Holdings
Non-Voting Preferred Stock, (iii) 2,583,801 shares of Holdings Class B Voting
Common Stock, of which (x) no shares are issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Restructuring and (y) 500,000 shares will be issued and outstanding
immediately after the Restructuring, (iv) 2,083,801 shares of Holdings Class B
Non-Voting Common Stock, of which (x) no shares are issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Restructuring, (y) 1,614,019 shares will be issued and
outstanding immediately after the Restructuring and (z) 469,782 shares will be
reserved for issuance upon the exercise of employee stock options ("Holdings
Options") issued pursuant to the AMH Holdings II, Inc. 2004 Stock Option Plan,
which plan has been approved by the board of directors of Holdings, in each
case, immediately after the Restructuring, (v) 500,000 shares of Holdings Voting
Preferred Stock, of which (x) no shares are issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Restructuring and (y) 500,000 shares will be issued and outstanding
immediately after the Restructuring and (vi) 1,614,019 shares of Holdings
Non-Voting Preferred Stock, of which (x) no shares are issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Restructuring and (y) 1,614,019 shares will be issued
and outstanding immediately after the Restructuring. Immediately after the
Restructuring, Holdings will not have outstanding any stock or securities
convertible or exchangeable for any shares of its capital stock or containing
any profit participation features, nor any rights or options to subscribe for or
to purchase its capital stock or any stock or securities convertible into or
exchangeable for its capital stock or any stock appreciation rights or phantom
stock plans, except for the Outstanding Holdings Stock and the Holdings Options.
Immediately after the Restructuring, Holdings will not be subject to any
obligation (contingent or otherwise) to repurchase or otherwise acquire or
retire any shares of its outstanding capital stock or any warrants, options or
other rights to acquire its capital stock, except pursuant to the Holdings
Stockholders Agreement, the Holdings Charter and the Holdings Certificate of
Designations. Immediately after the Restructuring, all of the shares of
Outstanding Holdings Stock shall be validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable.

          (B)  There are no statutory or contractual preemptive rights or rights
of refusal with respect to the issuance of the shares of Outstanding Holdings
Stock to the Contributors pursuant to Section 2. Holdings has not violated any
applicable federal or state securities laws in connection with the issuance of
any of its capital stock pursuant to Section 2 and, assuming the representations
and warranties of each of the Contributors contained in Section 4(c) are true
and correct, the issuance of the shares of Outstanding Holdings Stock pursuant
to Section 2 does not require registration under the Securities Act, or any
applicable state securities laws. Immediately after the Restructuring, there
will be no agreements between Holdings' stockholders with respect to the voting,
transfer or registration of Holdings' capital stock, except for the Holdings
Stockholders Agreement.

               (v) No Liabilities. As of immediately prior to the Restructuring,
Holdings does not have any material liabilities or obligations, whether accrued,
absolute, contingent or otherwise, except for liabilities and obligations (i) to
pay the Transaction Dividend and (ii) pursuant to each Securities Purchase
Agreement and each Dividend Promissory Note.

                            Restructuring Agreement
<PAGE>

                                                                               7


               (vi) No Litigation. There are no actions, suits, proceedings or
investigations pending or, to the Company's and Holdings' knowledge, threatened
against Holdings.

               (vii) No Other Business. Holdings is engaged in no business other
than its ownership of the capital stock of the Company.

               (viii) Terms. With respect to each Contributor, the Restructuring
shall be on the same terms and conditions as afforded to each other Contributor.
Other than the Harvest Fee and the Purchasers Fee, no Contributor shall receive
any payments or fees in connection with the Restructuring.

          (c)  Representations and Warranties of each Contributor. Each
Contributor, severally and not jointly, for itself only and not on behalf of any
other Contributor, represents and warrants to the Company and Holdings, as
follows:

               (i) Authorization of Transaction. If such Contributor is not an
individual, such Contributor has all necessary power and authority, and if such
Contributor is an individual, such Contributor has full legal capacity, to
execute and deliver this Agreement and the other documents to be executed and
delivered by such Contributor as contemplated hereby, to carry out such
Contributor's obligations hereunder and thereunder, and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the contribution and
delivery of the shares of Outstanding Company Stock held by such Contributor. If
such Contributor is not an individual, the execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the other documents to be executed and delivered by such
Contributor as contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite
corporate, limited liability or other action, as applicable, and no other
corporate, limited liability or other action, as the case may be, is necessary
to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and such
other documents by such Contributor and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby. This Agreement constitutes the valid and
legally binding obligation of such Contributor, enforceable in accordance with
its terms and conditions, except to the extent that its enforceability may be
subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and to
general equitable principles. Such Contributor, to the best of its knowledge,
need not give any notice to, make any filing with, or obtain any authorization,
consent, or approval of any government or governmental agency in order to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Immediately prior to
the Restructuring, such Contributor is the record owner of the capital stock of
the Company set forth next to its name on Schedule 1.

               (ii) Noncontravention. To the best of such Contributor's
knowledge, neither the execution and the delivery of this Agreement, nor the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, will violate any
constitution, statute, regulation, rule, injunction, judgment, order, decree,
ruling, charge, or other restriction of any government, governmental agency, or
court to which such Contributor is subject.

                            Restructuring Agreement
<PAGE>

                                                                               8

               (iii) Brokers' Fees. Such Contributor has no liability or
obligation to pay any fees or commissions to any broker, finder, or agent with
respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement for which the Company
could become liable or obligated.

               (iv) Securities Law Compliance. Such Contributor:

               (A) is acquiring the shares of Outstanding Holdings Stock for its
own account and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any
distribution of such shares in violation of the Securities Act or any securities
laws applicable to such Contributor. Such Contributor understands that the
shares of Holdings Stock acquired by it pursuant to this Agreement have not been
registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or
province by reason of specific exemptions under the provisions thereof which
depend in part upon the investment intent of such Contributor and upon the other
representations made by such Contributor in this Agreement. Such Contributor
understands that the Company and Holdings are relying upon the representations,
warranties and agreements made by such Contributor in this Agreement.

               (B) understands that it may not sell or transfer any shares of
Holdings Stock acquired by it pursuant to this Agreement except in accordance
with the registration requirements of the Securities Act and of any applicable
state or province or "blue sky" securities laws or regulations or an exemption
from such registration requirements or regulations. Such Contributor further
understands that, except as set forth in the Holdings Stockholders Agreement,
Holdings has no obligation or present intention of so registering any shares of
Holdings Stock, and that there is no assurance that any exemption from
registration under the Securities Act and any applicable state or province or
"blue sky" securities laws or regulations will be available, or if available,
that such exemption will allow such Contributor to dispose of or otherwise
transfer any or all of the shares of Holdings Stock in the amounts or at the
times that such Contributor may propose.

               (C) understands that any sale or transfer of shares of Holdings
Stock acquired by it pursuant to this Agreement is subject to the restrictions
on such sale or transfer contained in the Holdings Stockholders Agreement and
that the certificates evidencing the shares of Holdings Stock, if any, will bear
the restrictive legends provided for in the Holdings Stockholders Agreement.

               (D) (i) has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in
business and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and
risks of the transactions referred herein, (ii) fully understands the nature,
scope and duration of the limitations applicable to the shares of Holdings Stock
and (iii) is able to bear the economic risk of the investment in the shares of
Holdings Stock.

               (E) is (i) an "accredited investor" as that term is defined in
Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and (ii) a
"qualified purchaser" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended.

               (F) has had an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers
concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the shares of Holdings
Stock and has had

                            Restructuring Agreement
<PAGE>

                                                                               9


full access to such other information concerning Holdings as such Contributor
has requested. Such Contributor has reviewed, or has had an opportunity to
review, the Holdings Charter, the Holdings Certificate of Designations, the
by-laws of Holdings and the Holdings Stockholders Agreement.

          4.   Post-Closing Covenants. Holdings, the Company and the
Contributors agree as follows with respect to the period following the
consummation of the transactions described herein.

          (a)  General. Each party to this Agreement will take such further
action (including the execution and delivery of such further instruments and
documents) as is reasonably necessary to carry out the purpose of this Agreement
as any other party hereto may reasonably request, all at the sole cost and
expense of such requesting party.

          (b)  Holdings Stock. The certificates representing shares of Holdings
Stock issued under this Agreement will be imprinted with such legends as are
required pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Holdings Stockholders
Agreement.

          5.   Miscellaneous.

          (a)  Press Releases and Public Announcements. Except in accordance
with Section 6.8 of the Purchase Agreement, no party hereto shall issue any
press release or make any public announcement relating to the subject matter of
this Agreement without the prior written approval of Holdings and the Company
and any other party named therein; provided, that any party hereto may make any
public disclosure it believes in good faith is required by applicable law (in
which case the disclosing party will use its reasonable best efforts to advise
the other parties hereto prior to making the disclosure).

          (b)  Succession and Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the parties named herein and their respective
successors and permitted assigns. No party hereto may assign either this
Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the
prior written approval of Holdings and the Company. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, each of the Contributors may, in the ordinary course of
its business and in accordance with applicable law, at any time assign to a
Permitted Transferee (as such term is defined in the Holdings Stockholders
Agreement) all or part of the obligations under this Agreement.

          (c)  Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, by original or facsimile signature, each of which shall be deemed
an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same
instrument.

          (d)  Headings. The section headings contained in this Agreement are
inserted for convenience only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.

          (e)  Notices. All notices, requests, demands, claims, and other
communications hereunder will be in writing. Any notice, request, demand, claim,
or other communication hereunder shall be deemed duly given if (and then two
business days after) it is

                            Restructuring Agreement
<PAGE>

                                                                              10

sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
and addressed to the intended recipient as set forth below:

          To any Contributor:

               As specified for each such Contributor on the books and records
               of the Company.

          To Holdings or the Company:

               AMH Holdings II, Inc.
               3737 State Road
               Cuyahoga Falls Road, Ohio 44223
               Attention: Chief Financial Officer
               Facsimile No:

               with copies to (which shall not constitute notice to Holdings or
               the Company):

               280 Park Avenue, 33rd Floor
               New York, NY 10017
               Attention:  Ira D. Kleinman
                           Christohper Whalen
               Facsimile No.: (212) 812-0100

               and

               White & Case LLP
               1155 Avenue of the Americas
               New York, NY 10036
               Attention:   John M. Reiss, Esq.
                            Oliver C. Brahmst, Esq.
               Facsimile No.:  (212) 354-8113

               And

               Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
               200 Park Avenue
               47th Floor
               New York, New York  10166-0193
               Attention:       E. Michael Greaney
               Telephone:       (212) 351-4000
               Facsimile:       (212) 351-4035

Any party hereto may send any notice, request, demand, claim, or other
communication hereunder to the intended recipient at the address set forth above
using any other means (including personal delivery, expedited courier, messenger
service, telecopy, telex, ordinary

                            Restructuring Agreement
<PAGE>

                                                                              11

mail, or electronic mail), but no such notice, request, demand, claim, or other
communication shall be deemed to have been duly given unless and until it
actually is received by the intended recipient. Any party may change the address
to which notices, requests, demands, claims, and other communications hereunder
are to be delivered by giving the other parties notice in the manner herein set
forth.

          (f)  Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction,
validity, and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the domestic laws of the State of New York without
giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the
State of New York or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of
the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York. The state or
federal courts located within the state of New York shall have jurisdiction over
any and all disputes between the parties hereto, whether in law or equity,
arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the agreements, instruments and
documents contemplated hereby and the parties hereto consent to and agree to
submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. Each of the parties hereby waives and
agrees not to assert in any such dispute, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, any claim that (i) such party is not personally subject to the
jurisdiction of such courts, (ii) such party and such party's property is immune
from any legal process issued by such courts or (iii) any litigation or other
proceeding commenced in such courts is brought in an inconvenient forum. The
parties hereto hereby agree that mailing of process or other papers in
connection with any such action or proceeding in the manner provided in section
4(e), or in such other manner as may be permitted by law, shall be valid and
sufficient service thereof and hereby waive any objections to service
accomplished in the manner herein provided.

          (g)  Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the parties hereto hereby
irrevocably waives, and agrees to cause its subsidiaries to waive, all right to
a trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim arising out of or
relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

          (h)  Amendments and Waivers. This Agreement may be amended, or any
provision of this Agreement may be waived upon a written approval, executed by
the parties hereto. No course of dealing between or among the parties hereto
shall be deemed effective to modify, amend, or discharge any part of this
Agreement or any rights or obligations of any such party or such holder under or
by reason of this Agreement.

          (i)  Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is
invalid or unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions hereof or
the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other
situation or in any other jurisdiction.

          (j)  Expenses. Each of the Contributors and Holdings and the Company
will bear its own costs and expenses (including legal fees and expenses)
incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby; provided, however, that the Company will bear the reasonable legal fees
and expenses of Winston & Strawn LLP, counsel to certain of the Contributors, in
connection with the Restructuring.

                            Restructuring Agreement
<PAGE>

                                                                              12


          (k)  Construction. The parties hereto have participated jointly in the
negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or
question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed
as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto, and no presumption or burden of
proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party hereto by virtue of the
authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement.

                            Restructuring Agreement
<PAGE>


          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the date first above written.

                                       AMH HOLDINGS II, INC.


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:



                                       AMH HOLDINGS, INC.


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:



                                       HARVEST PARTNERS III, L.P.

                                       By:  Harvest Associates III, LLC,
                                            its general partner


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:



                                       HARVEST PARTNERS III,


                                       BETEILIGUNGSGESELLSCHAFT
                                        BURGERLICHEN RECHTS
                                        (MIT HAFTUNGSBESCHRANKUNG)

                                       By:  Harvest Associates III, LLC,
                                            its general partner


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:

<PAGE>

                                       HARVEST PARTNERS IV GmbH & Co. KG

                                       By:  Harvest Partners IV, LLC,
                                            its general partner


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                                       HARVEST PARTNERS IV, L.P.

                                       By:  Harvest Partners IV, LLC,
                                            its general partner


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                                       BANCBOSTON CAPITAL INC.


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                                       PRIVATE EQUITY PORTFOLIO FUND II, LLC


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                                       GE CAPITAL EQUITY CAPITAL GROUP, INC.


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:
<PAGE>


                                       NATIONAL CITY EQUITY PARTNERS, INC.


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:

                                       GREAT LAKES CAPITAL INVESTMENTS IV, LLC


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                                       LIBERTY MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY

                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                                       OLD HICKORY FUND I, LLC

                                       By:   PPM America, Inc.,
                                             its manager


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:
<PAGE>

                                       PPM AMERICA PRIVATE EQUITY FUND L.P.

                                       By:   PPM America Capital Partners, LLC,
                                             its general partner


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:

                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                                       ABBOTT CAPITAL PRIVATE EQUITY FUND
                                       III, L.P.

                                       By:   Abbott Capital Private Equity
                                             Partners III, L.P., its general
                                             partner

                                       By:   Abbott Capital Management, L.L.C.,
                                             its general partner


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                                       THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE TEXAS
                                       GROWTH FUND II, AS TRUSTEE FOR THE TEXAS
                                       GROWTH FUND II - 1998 TRUST

                                       By:   TGF II Management, L.P.,
                                             as Executive Director

                                       By:   TGF Management Corp.,
                                             as General Partner


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:
<PAGE>


                                       WESTON PRESIDIO CAPITAL III, L.P.


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:



                                       WESTON PRESIDIO CAPITAL IV, L.P.


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                                       WPC ENTREPRENEUR FUND, L.P.


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                                       WPC ENTREPRENEUR FUND II, L.P.


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                                       BNY PARTNERS FUND L.L.C.

                                       By:   BNY Private Investment Management,
                                             Inc., Member Manager


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                                       NEW YORK LIFE CAPITAL PARTNERS II L.P.

                                       By:   NYLCAP Manager LLC,
                                             its Investment Manager


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


<PAGE>


                                       3755428 CANADA INC.


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


<PAGE>

                                       AM HOLDING LIMITED


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                                       AM EQUITY LIMITED


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                                       AM INVESTMENTS LIMITED


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                                       ASSOCIATED EQUITY LIMITED


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                                       ASSOCIATED INVESTMENTS LIMITED


                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


<PAGE>


                                       EXECUTIVE SIGNATURE PAGE



                                             -----------------------------------
                                             MICHAEL CAPORALE, JR.




                                             -----------------------------------
                                             KENNETH L. BLOOM



                                             -----------------------------------
                                             D. KEITH LAVANWAY



                                             -----------------------------------
                                             DENNIS W. VOLLMERSHAUSEN

<PAGE>


                                   Schedule 1

                             CONTRIBUTED SECURITIES
                             ----------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       CONTRIBUTED                ISSUED HOLDINGS
          CONTRIBUTOR                                 COMPANY SHARES                  SHARES
- --------------------------------------               ---------------------       -------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>                         <C>
Harvest Partners III, L.P.                           131, 978 Shares of Voting   131,978 Shares of Class B
                                                     Preferred Stock             Voting Common

Harvest Partners III, GbR                            18,022 Shares of Voting     18,022 Shares of Class B
                                                     Preferred Stock             Voting Common

Harvest Partners IV GmbH & Co. KG                    77,000 Shares of Voting     77,000 Shares of Class B
                                                     Preferred Stock             Voting Common

Harvest Partners IV, L.P.                            273,000 Shares of Voting    273,000 Shares of Class B
                                                     Preferred Stock             Voting Common

BancBoston Capital Inc.                              91,488 Shares of            91,488 Shares of Class B
                                                     Non-Voting Preferred Stock  Non-Voting Common

Private Equity Portfolio Fund II, LLC                18,298 Shares of            18,298 Shares of Class B
                                                     Non-Voting Preferred Stock  Non-Voting Common

GE Capital Equity Capital Group, Inc.                73,190 Shares of            73,190 Shares of Class B
                                                     Non-Voting Preferred Stock  Non-Voting Common

National City Equity Partners, Inc.                  62,212 Shares of            62,212 Shares of Class B
                                                     Non-Voting Preferred Stock  Non-Voting Common

Great Lakes Capital Investments IV, LLC              10,979 Shares of            10,979 Shares of Class B
                                                     Non-Voting Preferred Stock  Non-Voting Common

Liberty Mutual Insurance Company                     137,232 Shares of           137,232 Shares of Class B
                                                     Non-Voting Preferred Stock  Non-Voting Common

Old Hickory Fund I, LLC                              1,372 Shares of             1,372 Shares of Class B
                                                     Non-Voting Preferred Stock  Non-Voting Common

PPM America Private Equity Fund L.P.                 181,603 Shares of           181,603 Shares of Class B
                                                     Non-Voting Preferred Stock  Non-Voting Common

Abbott Capital Private Equity Fund III, L.P.         56,000 Shares of            56,000 Shares of Class B
                                                     Non-Voting Preferred Stock  Non-Voting Common

The Texas Growth Fund II - 1998 Trust                182,976 Shares of           182,976 Shares of Class B
                                                     Non-Voting Preferred Stock  Non-Voting Common

Weston Presidio Capital III, L.P.                    65,992 Shares of            65,992 Shares of Class B
                                                     Non-Voting Preferred Stock  Non-Voting Common

Weston Presidio Capital IV, L.P.                     156,986 Shares of           156,986 Shares of Class B
                                                     Non-Voting Preferred Stock  Non-Voting Common

WPC Entrepreneur Fund, L.P.                          3,256 Shares of             3,256 Shares of Class B
                                                     Non-Voting Preferred Stock  Non-Voting Common

WPC Entrepreneur Fund II, L.P.                       2,485 Shares of             2,485 Shares of Class B
                                                     Non-Voting Preferred Stock  Non-Voting Common

BNY Partners Fund L.L.C.                             4,000 Shares of             4,000 Shares of Class B
                                                     Non-Voting Preferred Stock  Non-Voting Common

New York Life Capital Partners II L.P.               100,000 Shares of           100,000 Shares of Class B
                                                     Non-Voting Preferred Stock  Non-Voting Common

3755428 Canada Inc.

Michael Caporale, Jr.                                205,892 Shares of           71,688 Shares of Class B
                                                     Non-Voting Preferred Stock  Non-Voting Common

Kenneth L. Bloom                                     56,483 Shares of            6,688 Shares of Class B
                                                     Non-Voting Preferred Stock  Non-Voting Common

D. Keith LaVanway                                    66,981 Shares of            6,426 Shares of Class B
                                                     Non-Voting Preferred Stock  Non-Voting Common

Dennis Vollmershausen

AM Holding Limited

AM Equity Limited

AM Investments Limited

Associated Equity Limited

Associated Investments Limited
</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exh10-2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.2
================================================================================



                             STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT

                         Dated as of December 22, 2004

                                  By and Among

                             AMH HOLDINGS II, INC.

                                      and

                       THE STOCKHOLDERS SIGNATORY HERETO



================================================================================

<PAGE>

                             STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT

          This STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated as of December
22, 2004, by and among AMH Holdings II, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company"), Harvest Partners III, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Harvest
Partners III Beteiligungsgesellschaft Burgerlichen Rechts (mit
Haftungsbeschrankung), a German limited liability partnership, Harvest Partners
IV, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, and Harvest Partners IV GmbH & Co. KG,
a German limited partnership, (each, a "Harvest Fund" and, collectively, the
"Harvest Funds"), the holders of Preferred Stock set forth on Schedule I
attached hereto each such holder individually a "Preferred Holder," and
collectively, the "Preferred Holders"), the financial investors listed on
Schedule II attached hereto (each, a "Financial Investor" and, collectively, the
"Financial Investors"), certain stockholders of the Company listed on the
Executive Signature Page hereto (collectively, the "Executives") and, for
purposes of Section 4.2 of this Agreement, Apollo Investment Corporation
("Apollo").

                             W I T N E S S E T H :

          WHEREAS, the Company, AMH Holdings, Inc. ("Holdings") and the
Stockholders have entered into the Restructuring Agreement, dated as of the date
hereof, pursuant to which the Company will effect a restructuring upon the terms
and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth therein
(the "Restructuring") and, among other things, amend the Company's Certificate
of Incorporation to include a Certificate of Designations authorizing the
issuance of the Preferred Stock, as amended from time to time (the "Certificate
of Designations");

          WHEREAS, this Agreement is being entered into pursuant to the
Restructuring and the Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of December 5, 2004, by
and among Holdings, Harvest Partners, Inc., a New York corporation, and the
other parties signatory thereto (the "Stock Purchase Agreement");

          WHEREAS, the Stockholders own the Preferred Stock and the Common Stock
in the amounts set forth on Schedule III attached hereto;

          WHEREAS, (i) the Company has adopted a Stock Option Plan (as defined
below), and (ii) Holdings has in place its AMH Holdings, Inc. 2002 Stock Option
Plan (the "Holdings Plan"), in each case for certain members of management and
key employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, and pursuant to such plans
any Equity Securities (including shares of common stock issuable under the
Holdings Plan and immediately exchangeable for shares of Common Stock (as
defined below) of the Company) issuable upon exercise of the Stock Options (as
defined below) shall be subject to, and have the benefit of, the terms of this
Agreement to the extent expressly provided for herein;

          WHEREAS, Holdings and the Existing Investors are party to an Amended
and Restated Stockholders Agreement (the "Holdings Stockholders Agreement"),
dated as of March 4, 2004, which Holdings and the Existing Investors desire to
terminate herewith; and

<PAGE>

          WHEREAS, the Company and the Stockholders each desire to enter into
this Agreement to, inter alia, regulate and limit certain rights relating to the
Equity Securities and to limit the sale, assignment, transfer, encumbrance or
other disposition of such Equity Securities and to provide for the consistent
and uniform management of the Company as set forth herein.

          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth
herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I

                              CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

          SECTION 1.1 Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the
following terms shall have the following meanings:

          "Adjusted Cash Flow" shall mean, for any period, (a) the EBITDA of the
     Company and its Subsidiaries for such period less (b) capital expenditures
     (as determined in accordance with GAAP) of the Company and its Subsidiaries
     for such period.

          "Affiliate" shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person
     (a) directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or
     indirect common control with such Person, (b) with respect to Abbott
     Capital Private Equity Fund III, L.P., GE Capital Equity Capital Group,
     Inc. and Private Equity Portfolio Fund II, LLC, advised or managed by, such
     Person and (c) with respect to any Investcorp Investors, with whom
     Investcorp S.A. or any Affiliate thereof has any administrative
     relationship with respect to securities of the Company. For purposes of
     this definition, "control" (including, with correlative meanings, the terms
     "controlling," "controlled by" and "under common control with"), as used
     with respect to any Person, shall mean the possession, directly or
     indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
     or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting
     securities, by agreement or otherwise.

          "Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this
     Agreement.

          "Aggregate Liquidation Preference Amount" shall have the meaning set
     forth in the Certificate of Designations.

          "AMHI" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(a) of this
     Agreement.

          "Apollo" shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this
     Agreement.

          "Applicable Law" shall mean, with respect to any Person, all
     provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits or
     certificates of any Governmental Authority applicable to such Person or any
     of its assets or property, and all judgments, injunctions, orders and
     decrees of all courts, arbitrators or Governmental Authorities in
     proceedings or actions in which such Person is a party or by which any of
     its assets or properties are bound.

                                       2
<PAGE>

          "Approved Recapitalization" shall mean any Recapitalization:

               (a) that occurs after the date that is thirty-two (32) months
          after the date hereof,

               (b) that does not result in (x) the projected annual blended cost
          of funds under the Company's consolidated indebtedness for the period
          after the closing date of the Recapitalization (including interest and
          fees, but excluding legal fees and other similar costs of issuance,
          with (i) interest of floating rate indebtedness being deemed equal to
          the interest rate (or if there is an option of several floating rates,
          such as one or more "LIBOR" and "Base" rates, the lowest rate) in
          effect on the date of the commitment (or if there is no commitment,
          the date of the proposal letter) for the related bank financing, in
          each case taking into consideration the maximum rate of interest that
          would be charged under any "market flex" provision contained therein
          except as provided below (the "Determination Date"), (ii) upfront fees
          being amortized over the term of such indebtedness and (iii) the
          principal amount of revolving indebtedness being deemed equal to the
          principal amount projected to be outstanding on the closing date of
          the Recapitalization), being in excess of (y) the annual blended cost
          of funds of the Company's consolidated indebtedness (with upfront fees
          paid in connection therewith treated on a basis consistent with clause
          (ii) of the parenthetical in the foregoing clause (x)) for the period
          of four consecutive fiscal quarters ended most recently prior to the
          Determination Date,

               (c) that does not result in the ratio of (i) consolidated
          indebtedness of the Company as of the closing date of the
          Recapitalization, net of cash and cash equivalents of the Company and
          its Subsidiaries, to (ii) Bank Adjusted EBITDA of the Company and its
          Subsidiaries for the period of twelve (12) consecutive monthly fiscal
          periods ended most recently prior to the closing date of the
          Recapitalization for which financial statements are available,
          exceeding five (5) to one (1),

               (d) in which any new indebtedness incurred in connection
          therewith (including under any amended, or amended and restated
          financing) shall be on terms and conditions (other than those
          addressed in clause (b) above) that, taken as a whole, are not less
          favorable in all material respects to the Company and its Subsidiaries
          than the indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries immediately
          prior to such Recapitalization, and

               (e) the net proceeds of which are applied, pursuant to Section
          4.7, to the repurchase of Equity Securities.

     Notwithstanding clause (b) above, at the election of the Investcorp
     Investors (in the case of any Recapitalization pursuant to Section 4.4) or
     the Harvest Funds (in the case of any Recapitalization pursuant to Section
     4.5) (each being the "Initiating Investor"), the Initiating Investor may
     exclude from the determination under clause (b) above any interest payable
     pursuant to any "market flex" provision on the Determination Date. In

                                       3

<PAGE>

     any such case, the relevant Recapitalization shall be considered an
     Approved Recapitalization for all purposes of this Agreement. However, in
     any such case, upon the signing of the relevant definitive credit
     documentation, the determination under clause (b) shall be remade as of the
     date of such signing (considering such date of signing to be the
     "Determination Date" for purposes of such clause). If the test specified in
     clause (b) is not satisfied at such time, notwithstanding anything in
     Section 4.4 or 4.5, as applicable, to the contrary, the Initiating Investor
     shall not have the right to cause such Recapitalization to be consummated
     except if such Recapitalization is approved by a Special Board Approval.

          "Associated" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(a) of
     this Agreement.

          "Bank Adjusted EBITDA" shall mean, for any period and with respect to
     any Approved Recapitalization, the earnings before interest, taxes,
     depreciation and amortization of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such
     period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, subject
     to such additional add-backs, reductions and other adjustments as are
     permitted or required for purposes of determining compliance with the
     leverage covenant (i.e., debt or senior debt to "EBITDA" (or its
     equivalent) covenant or, if there is no leverage covenant, any coverage
     ratio covenant) under the largest bank credit facility of the Company and
     its Subsidiaries in effect on the closing date of such Approved
     Recapitalization.

          "Base Amount" shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of
     "Projected Adjusted Cash Flow."

          "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

          "Business Day" shall mean any day except a Saturday, a Sunday or any
     other day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are required or
     authorized by Applicable Law to close.

          "Capital Stock" shall mean:

               (a) in the case of a corporation, corporate stock (including
          common and preferred stock);

               (b) in the case of a partnership or limited liability company,
          partnership or membership interests (whether general or limited); and

               (c) in the case of an association or other business entity, any
          and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents
          (however designated) of corporate stock.

          As used herein, unless the context otherwise requires, "Capital Stock"
     shall refer to the capital stock of the Company.

          "Certificate of Designations" shall have the meaning set forth in the
     recitals to this Agreement.

                                       4
<PAGE>

          "Certificate of Incorporation" shall mean the Certificate of
     Incorporation of the Company, as amended from time to time.

          "Change of Control Transaction" shall mean any transaction or series
     of related transactions that (i) results in the sale or transfer (whether
     by stock sale, merger, exchange or otherwise) of fifty percent (50%) or
     more of the Equity Securities or the voting power of the Voting Stock of
     the Company other than a Drag Along Event initiated pursuant to Section
     2.4(a)(i), Section 4.4(b) or Section 4.6 or (ii) results in a "Change of
     Control" under the Indentures.

          "Class A Series I Common Stock" shall mean the Class A Series I
     (Voting) Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share.

          "Class A Series II Common Stock" shall mean the Class A Series II
     (Non-Voting) Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share.

          "Class B Series I Common Stock" shall mean the Class B Series I
     (Voting) Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share.

          "Class B Series II Common Stock" shall mean the Class B Series II
     (Non-Voting) Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share.

          "Common Stock" shall mean the Class A Series I Common Stock, the Class
     A Series II Common Stock, Class B Series I Common Stock and the Class B
     Series II Common Stock.

          "Company" shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this
     Agreement.

          "Company Recap Event" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
     4.7(b)(i) of this Agreement.

          "Demand Notice" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(b) of
     this Agreement.

          "Demand Request" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(a) of
     this Agreement.

          "Designated Options" shall mean the options to purchase the shares of
     common stock of Holdings that have been granted to the persons and in the
     amounts set forth on Exhibit A hereto. For purposes of various calculations
     contained in this Agreement, the number of Designated Options as of any
     date of determination will be the number of such options that remain
     outstanding on such applicable date of determination (giving effect to any
     adjustments in such number of options, for stock splits, stock
     distributions, and the like, as dictated by the plan documents).

          "Designated Sale Event" shall mean any transaction or series of
     related transactions that would result in the sale of fifteen percent (15%)
     or more of the Equity

                                       5
<PAGE>

     Securities of the Company (calculated by assuming conversion of the
     Preferred Stock into Common Stock).

          "Determination Date" shall have the meaning set forth in the
     definition of "Approved Recapitalization."

          "Director" shall mean a member of the Board.

          "Drag Along Event" shall mean a transaction or series of related
     transactions that would result in the sale of 100% of the Equity Securities
     of the Company for cash to a Person that is not an Affiliate of any Drag
     Seller.

          "Drag Seller" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a) of
     this Agreement.

          "EBITDA" shall mean, for any period and any Person, "EBITDA" (as
     defined in Associated's Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of
     August 29, 2003, as amended by a First Amendment thereto dated as of March
     18, 2004) for such period.

          "Equity Securities" shall mean, as of any applicable date of
     determination, the shares of Capital Stock of the Company outstanding as of
     such date of determination.

          "Equity Value" shall mean, as of any applicable date of determination,
     the total fair market value of the Equity Securities of the Company
     determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement.

          "Excess New Securities" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
     2.5(a) of this Agreement.

          "Excess Participants" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
     2.3(b) of this Agreement.

          "Excess Tag Securities" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
     2.3(b) of this Agreement.

          "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

          "Executives" shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this
     Agreement.

          "Executive Officer" shall have the meaning given to such term in Rule
     3b-7 under the Exchange Act, as the same may be amended from time to time.

          "Existing Investors" shall mean, as of any applicable date of
     determination, the Harvest Funds, the Financial Investors and the
     Executives, and their respective Permitted Transferees, in each case who
     hold Equity Securities of the Company as of such date of determination.

                                       6
<PAGE>

          "Existing Investor Recap Event" shall have the meaning set forth in
     Section 4.7(b)(iii) of this Agreement.

          "Fall-Away Governance Rights" shall have the meaning set forth in
     Section 4.3 of this Agreement.

          "Financial Investor" and "Financial Investors" shall have the meanings
     set forth in the preamble to this Agreement as updated pursuant to Section
     2.2(c), in each case who hold as of such date of determination Equity
     Securities of the Company.

          "First Valuation" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.5(a)
     of this Agreement.

          "GAAP" shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the
     United States as in effect from time to time, including those set forth in
     the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the
     American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and
     pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other
     statements by such other entity as have been approved by a significant
     segment of the accounting profession. Except as otherwise expressly
     provided herein, all ratios and computations based on GAAP contained in
     this Agreement shall be computed in conformity with GAAP as in effect from
     time to time.

          "Governmental Authority" shall mean any U.S. or non-U.S. federal,
     state, municipal or other governmental department, board, bureau, agency or
     instrumentality, or any court.

          "Harvest Fund" and "Harvest Funds" shall mean, as of any applicable
     date of determination, the Harvest Funds and their Permitted Transferees
     who become Permitted Transferees pursuant to Section 2.2(a)(iii) or (iv),
     in each case who hold as of such date of determination Equity Securities of
     the Company.

          "Holders' Counsel" shall have the meaning set forth in the definition
     of "Registration Expenses."

          "Holdings" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this
     Agreement.

          "Holdings Plan" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals of
     this Agreement.

          "Holdings Stockholders Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in
     the recitals of this Agreement.

          "Incentive Securities" shall mean and include, at any time, (a) all
     Stock Options and (b) all shares of Capital Stock issued upon the exercise
     of Stock Options.

          "Incidental Registration" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
     3.2(a) of this Agreement.

                                       7
<PAGE>

          "Indentures" shall mean the Senior Discount Indenture and the Senior
     Subordinated Indenture.

          "Independent Firm" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.4(a)
     of this Agreement.

          "Initiating Investors" shall have the meaning set forth in the
     definition of "Approved Recapitalization."

          "Investcorp Investors" shall mean, as of any applicable date of
     determination, the original Preferred Holders and their Permitted
     Transferees who become Permitted Transferees pursuant to Section
     2.2(a)(iii) or (iv), in each case who hold as of such date of determination
     Equity Securities of the Company.

          "Investcorp IPO Consent Right" shall have the meaning set forth in
     Section 3.1(f)(i) of this Agreement.

          "Investcorp Priority" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
     3.1(f)(i) of this Agreement.

          "Investcorp Recap Event" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
     4.7(b)(ii) of this Agreement.

          "Management Stockholder" shall mean each of the Executives and each of
     the members of management of the Company or its Subsidiaries that, from
     time to time, become party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 6.5(b)
     hereto as updated by Section 2.2(c), in each case who hold as of such date
     of determination Equity Securities of the Company.

          "Mezzanine Notes" shall mean $75,000,000 original principal amount of
     13.625% Senior Notes Due 2014 of the Company outstanding pursuant to an
     indenture dated as of the date hereof (the "Mezzanine Notes Indenture").

          "Mezzanine Notes Indenture" shall have the meaning set forth in the
     definition of "Mezzanine Notes."

          "NASDAQ" shall mean The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc.

          "New Bank Facility" shall mean the amended and restated credit
     agreement, among the Company, Holdings, Associated, Gentek Building
     Products Limited and UBS

                                       8
<PAGE>

     AG, Stamford Branch and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as
     administrative agents, dated as of the date hereof.

          "New Securities" shall mean any Capital Stock of the Company, whether
     authorized now or in the future, and any rights, options or warrants to
     purchase any Capital Stock ("Options"), provided that "New Securities"
     shall not include (a) Capital Stock sold in a Public Offering or in a
     transaction pursuant to Rule 144A of the Securities Act, (b) Capital Stock
     issued as consideration in any merger or Recapitalization of the Company or
     issued as consideration for the acquisition of another Person or assets of
     another Person, (c) any issuance of Capital Stock approved by a Special
     Board Approval to any Person which is determined by the Board to be
     strategically beneficial to the operations of the Company (other than
     solely as a source of capital), (d) Options issued to a commercial bank,
     commercial leasing company or other Person whose principal business is the
     extension of financing to third parties as part of any financing
     transaction, so long as such Options are not the only security component of
     such financing transaction or (e) Incentive Securities; provided that in
     the event any of the Harvest Funds, the Investcorp Investors or any of
     their respective Affiliates are to participate in any issuance contemplated
     by any of clauses (a) through (e), such issuance shall be subject to
     approval by the Requisite Disinterested Holders and, if, the Harvest Funds
     are to participate, the Investcorp Investors, and, if, the Investcorp
     Investors are to participate, the Harvest Funds.

          "New Securities Price" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
     2.5(a) of this Agreement.

          "Non-Qualified Person" shall mean any Person who is (a) directly or
     indirectly engaged in any business which the Board determines to be
     competing with the businesses of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
     (b) any material customer or supplier of the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries, (c) an adverse party in any legal or arbitration proceeding
     with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (d) designated by the Board
     from time to time as a Person whose equity ownership in the Company would,
     in the reasonable determination of the Board, be adverse to the Company or
     its businesses and (e) an Affiliate of any Person described in clauses (a)
     or (d), unless otherwise determined by the Board.

          "Notifying Stockholder" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
     4.6 of this Agreement.

          "Options" shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of "New
     Securities."

          "Other Drag Stockholders" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
     2.4(b) of this Agreement.

          "Other Tag Stockholders" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
     2.3(a) of this Agreement.

          "Outstanding Equity Securities" shall mean, as of any applicable date
     of determination, all shares of Capital Stock (including, for such purposes
     but without

                                       9
<PAGE>

     duplication, shares of Preferred Stock on an as-converted basis)
     outstanding as of such date of determination plus without duplication all
     shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of Designated Options
     then outstanding.

          "Participant" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b) of
     this Agreement.

          "Permissible Change Period" shall mean the period during the relevant
     calendar year from and including March 1 through and including April 30;
     provided, however, that during the year, if any, in which the Equity Value
     of the Company is determined for purposes of Section 4.4(a) of this
     Agreement, the Permissible Change Period shall commence on March 1 of such
     calendar year and shall last until the later of (i) 30 days after the date
     the Equity Value of the Company is finally determined pursuant to Section
     4.4(a) and (ii) April 30 of such calendar year.

          "Permitted Acquisitions" shall mean the acquisition of assets or
     businesses (by merger, stock purchase, asset purchase or otherwise) from
     Persons that are not Affiliates of the Company or any of the Stockholders;
     provided that the value of the consideration paid for such assets or
     business acquired shall not exceed $25 million.

          "Permitted Transfer" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
     2.2(a) of this Agreement.

          "Permitted Transferee" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
     2.2(a) of this Agreement.

          "Per Share Price" shall mean an amount equal to the quotient of the
     Equity Value of the Company at such time divided by the total number of
     Equity Securities of the Company at such time (giving pro forma effect to
     the conversion of any outstanding Preferred Stock and the exercise of any
     outstanding Stock Options or Options to the extent convertible or
     exchangeable for Common Stock at such time at an exercise price less than
     the fair market value of the Common Stock at such time).

          "Person" shall mean and include natural persons, corporations, limited
     partnerships, general partnerships, limited liability companies, joint
     stock companies, joint ventures, associations, companies, trusts, banks,
     trust companies, land trusts, business trusts or other organizations,
     whether or not legal entities, and governments and agencies and political
     subdivisions thereof.

          "Preemptive Exercise Notice" shall have the meaning set forth in
     Section 2.5(a) of this Agreement.

          "Preemptive Notice" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(a)
     of this Agreement.

          "Preemptive Purchase" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
     4.4(b) of this Agreement.

                                       10
<PAGE>

          "Preferred Holder" and "Preferred Holders" shall have the meaning set
     forth in the preamble to this Agreement.

          "Preferred Stock" shall mean the Series I Preferred Stock and the
     Series II Preferred Stock.

          "Pro Rata Amount" shall mean, at any time, with respect to any
     Stockholder and any transaction, the quotient (expressed as a percentage)
     obtained by dividing (a) the number of Equity Securities held by such
     Stockholder at such time (calculated by assuming conversion of the
     Preferred Stock into Common Stock) by (b) the aggregate number of Equity
     Securities outstanding at such time.

          "Projected Adjusted Cash Flow" shall mean, for the period from January
     1, 2005 through December 31, 2008, $646,500,000 (the "Base Amount"),
     provided that the Base Amount shall be (i) adjusted dollar for dollar for
     any increase or decrease in EBITDA resulting from acquisitions or
     dispositions outside the ordinary course of business that have been made by
     the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during such period, and (ii)
     decreased dollar-for-dollar by the aggregate amount of capital expenditures
     made during such four-year period (determined in accordance with GAAP) in
     excess of $86,000,000, to the extent approved by a Special Board Approval
     pursuant to Section 4.3(j). All adjustments to the Base Amount shall be
     made in good faith by a financial or accounting officer of the Company and
     approved in good faith by a Special Board Approval.

          "Public Offering" shall mean a sale of Common Stock through an
     underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration
     statement filed with the SEC.

          "Put Offer" shall have the meaning set forth in the Certificate of
     Designations.

          "Recap Event" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.7(b) of
     this Agreement.

          "Recap Event Amount" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
     4.7(c) of this Agreement.

          "Recapitalization" shall mean a transaction or series of related
     transactions that result in a distribution by repurchase to holders of
     Equity Securities (including any debt or equity financing related to such
     distribution by repurchase).

          "Receiving Stockholders" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
     4.6(a) of this Agreement.

          "Registration" shall mean each Required Registration and each
     Incidental Registration.

          "Registration Expenses" shall mean, with respect to the Company, all
     expenses incident to the Company's performance of or compliance with
     Article III including, without limitation, all registration and filing
     fees, fees and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws
     (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel in

                                       11
<PAGE>

     connection with blue sky qualifications of the Registrable Securities),
     expenses of printing certificates for the Registrable Securities in a form
     eligible for deposit with the Depository Trust Company, messenger and
     delivery expenses, internal expenses (including, without limitation, all
     salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or
     accounting duties), and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company
     and its independent certified public accountants (including the expenses of
     any management review, cold comfort letters or any special audits required
     by or incident to such performance and compliance), securities acts
     liability insurance (if the Company elects to obtain such insurance), the
     reasonable fees and expenses of any special experts retained by the Company
     in connection with such registration, fees and expenses of other Persons
     retained by the Company, the fees and expenses of one (1) counsel and
     applicable local counsel (the "Holders' Counsel") which represents all
     holders of Registrable Securities to be included in the relevant
     Registration, selected by the holders of a majority of the Registrable
     Securities to be included in such Registration subject to the approval of
     the Board; but not including any underwriting fees, discounts or
     commissions attributable to the sale of securities or fees and expenses of
     counsel representing the holders of Registrable Securities included in such
     Registration (other than the Holders' Counsel and applicable local counsel)
     incurred in connection with the sale of Registrable Securities.

          "Registrable Securities" shall mean, at any time:

               (a) any shares of Common Stock; and

               (b) any securities issued or issuable in respect of shares of
          Common Stock (including, without limitation, by way of stock dividend,
          stock split, distribution, exchange, combination, merger,
          recapitalization, reorganization or otherwise).

                    As to any particular Registrable Securities once issued,
          such Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities:

               (a) when a registration statement with respect to the sale of
          such securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act
          and such securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with
          such registration statement;

               (b) when such securities shall be eligible to be distributed by
          the holder thereof to the public pursuant to Rule 144(k) under the
          Securities Act (or any successor provision) without any time or volume
          limitations; or

               (c) when such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding.

          "Regulated Stockholder" shall mean any Stockholder that directly or
     indirectly, due to its ownership by an entity subject to Regulation Y of
     the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 12 C.F.R. Part 225
     (or any successor to such regulation) ("Regulation Y"), is subject to the
     provisions of Regulation Y and holds shares of Equity Securities.

                                       12

<PAGE>

          "Regulation Y" shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of
     "Regulated Stockholder."

          "Regulatory Problem" shall mean, with respect to any Regulated
     Stockholder, any set of facts, events or circumstances the existence of
     which would cause such Regulated Stockholder to be in violation of any law,
     regulation, rule or other requirement of any Governmental Authority
     (including, without limitation, Regulation Y).

          "Replacement CEO" shall have the meaning set forth in 4.4(a) of this
     Agreement.

          "Required Registration" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
     3.1(a) of this Agreement.

          "Requisite Disinterested Holders" shall mean, at any time, the holders
     of at least fifty percent (50%) of the Equity Securities held by Financial
     Investors at such time.

          "Requisite Holders" shall mean, at any time, and with respect to any
     Registration and related Public Offering, the holders of at least fifty
     percent (50%) of the Registrable Securities proposed to be included in such
     Public Offering before giving effect to any cut-back provisions contained
     herein.

          "Response Deadline" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b)
     of this Agreement.

          "Restructuring" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to
     this Agreement.

          "Retained Liquidation Preference" shall mean, as of any applicable
     date of determination, the Aggregate Liquidation Preference Amount divided
     by the total number of shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding.

          "SEC" shall mean, at any time, the Securities and Exchange Commission
     or any other federal agency at such time administering the Securities Act.

          "Second Valuation" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.5(a)
     of this Agreement.

          "Securities Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
     and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

          "Senior Discount Indenture" shall mean the Indenture dated as of March
     4, 2004, between Holdings and the Wilmington Trust Company, a Delaware
     corporation, as trustee (the "Trustee"), and the other parties signatory
     thereto.

          "Senior Discount Notes" shall mean the promissory notes issued under
     the terms of the Senior Discount Indenture.

          "Senior Subordinated Indenture" shall mean the Indenture dated as of
     April 23, 2002, among Associated, the Trustee and the other parties
     signatory thereto, as amend by

                                       13
<PAGE>

     the Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 10, 2002, among Associated, the
     Trustee, and Alside, Inc. a Delaware corporation.

          "Senior Subordinated Notes" shall mean promissory notes issued under
     the terms of the Senior Subordinated Indenture.

          "Series I Preferred Stock" shall mean the Class A Series I (Voting)
     Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share.

          "Series II Preferred Stock" shall mean the Class A Series II
     (Non-Voting) Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company, par value $0.01
     per share.

          "Special Board Approval" shall mean the prior approval of a majority
     of the Board, which majority shall include at least one (1) Director
     designated by the Investcorp Investors pursuant to Section 4.1(a)(iii) and
     at least one (1) Director designated by the Harvest Funds pursuant to
     Section 4.1(a)(i).

          "Stock Options" shall mean all options to purchase Equity Securities
     granted to members of management and key employees of the Company pursuant
     to a stock option or similar equity plan approved by the Board. For
     purposes of this Agreement, "Stock Options" shall be deemed to include the
     Designated Options.

          "Stock Option Plan" shall mean the AMH Holdings II, Inc. 2004 Stock
     Option Plan of the Company, as in effect on the date hereof, authorizing
     the issuance of up to 469,782 shares of the Class A Series II Common Stock.

          "Stock Purchase Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the
     recitals to this Agreement.

          "Stockholder" shall mean, as of any applicable date of determination,
     each Harvest Fund, each Financial Investor, each Investcorp Investor, each
     Management Stockholder, each Executive and each other Person who becomes a
     Stockholder pursuant to Section 6.5(b), and their respective Permitted
     Transferees who hold Equity Securities of the Company as of such date of
     determination.

          "Subsidiary" shall mean, with respect to any Person at any time, any
     corporation, partnership, business trust, joint stock company, association,
     limited liability company or other business entity of which (a) if a
     corporation, a majority of the total voting power of stock entitled
     (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the
     election of directors or trustees thereof is at such time owned or
     controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the
     other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof, or (b) if a
     partnership, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock
     company, association or other business entity other than a corporation, a
     majority of the partnership, membership or other similar ownership
     interests thereof is at such time owned or controlled, directly or
     indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that
     Person or a combination thereof. For purposes hereof, a Person or Persons
     shall be deemed to have a majority ownership interest in a partnership,
     limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, association
     or other business

                                       14
<PAGE>

     entity other than a corporation if such Person or Persons shall be
     allocated a majority of the partnership, association or other business
     entity gains or losses or shall be or control the managing director,
     manager, a general partner or the trustee of such partnership, limited
     liability company, business trust, joint stock company, association or
     other business entity.

          "Tag-Eligible Securities" shall mean Equity Securities and shares of
     Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of Stock Options that are vested as
     of any applicable date of determination.

          "Tag Sellers" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a) of
     this Agreement.

          "Target Amount" shall mean an amount equal to $150 million.

          "TGF" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b) of this
     Agreement.

          "Third Valuation" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.5(a)
     of this Agreement.

          "Threshold Amount" shall mean as of any applicable date of
     determination, $225,000,000 multiplied by a fraction, (i) the numerator of
     which is the Aggregate Liquidation Preference Amount and (ii) the
     denominator of which is the Target Amount.

          "Transfer" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) of this
     Agreement.

          "Transfer Notice" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a)
     of this Agreement.

          "Trustee" shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of
     "Senior Discount Indenture."

          "Voting Stock" shall mean the Class A Series I Common Stock, the Class
     B Series I Common Stock, the Series I Preferred Stock and any other Capital
     Stock of the Company entitled to vote in the election of directors of the
     Company.

          "Weston Presidio" shall mean Weston Presidio Service Company, LLC.

                                   ARTICLE II

                         TRANSFER OF EQUITY SECURITIES

          SECTION 2.1 Restrictions.

          (a) No Stockholder shall, directly or indirectly, (i) sell, assign, or
in any other manner transfer any Equity Securities to any Person (each such
action, a "Transfer"), except pursuant to a Permitted Transfer or pursuant to
Sections 4.4(b), 4.4(c), 4.5, 4.6 or 4.7 or (ii) pledge or grant a security
interest in any Equity Security to any Person.

                                       15
<PAGE>

          (b) From and after the date hereof until this Agreement is terminated,
all certificates or other instruments representing Equity Securities held by any
of the Stockholders shall bear a legend which shall substantially state as
follows:

          "The securities represented by this certificate are subject to and
          have the benefit of a Stockholders Agreement dated as of December 22,
          2004, as the same may be amended from time to time. A copy of such
          Stockholders Agreement has been filed in the chief executive office of
          the Company where the same may be inspected daily during business
          hours.

          The securities represented by this certificate have not been
          registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
          "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any state or other
          jurisdiction and such securities may not be offered, sold, pledged or
          otherwise transferred except (i) pursuant to an effective registration
          statement under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from
          the registration requirements of the Securities Act and (ii) in
          accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the
          United States."

     Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.1(b), the legend
required by the paragraph immediately above shall be removed from any such
certificates representing Equity Securities (i) when and so long as such Equity
Securities shall have been effectively registered under the Securities Act and
disposed of pursuant thereto or (ii) when the Company shall have received an
opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to it that such Equity Securities may
be freely transferred at any time without registration thereof under the
Securities Act and that such legend may be removed.

          (c) Each Stockholder agrees that it will not effect any Transfer of
Equity Securities unless such Transfer is made (i) pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from
the registration requirements of the Securities Act, (ii) in accordance with any
applicable securities laws of any State of the United States and (iii) in
accordance with any other Applicable Laws.

          (d) The Company agrees that it will not cause or permit any Transfer
of any Equity Securities to be made on its books unless such Transfer is a
Permitted Transfer and has been made in accordance with the terms hereof.

          (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the consummation of a
Public Offering, the Company may refuse to Transfer any Equity Securities if
making such Transfer would cause the number of recordholders of such Equity
Securities to exceed 475.

          (f) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Stockholder
hereby agrees that it will not, and it will cause each of its Affiliates not to,
engage in any transaction that would constitute or result in a "Change of
Control" under the Senior Discount Indenture, the Senior Subordinated Indenture
or the Mezzanine Notes Indenture, except with the prior written consent of the
Harvest Funds and the Investcorp Investors.

                                       16
<PAGE>

          SECTION 2.2 Permitted Transfers.

          (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein (but
only to the extent such Transfer is in compliance with Sections 2.1(c), 2.1(e)
and 2.1(f)), a Stockholder may at any time effect any of the following Transfers
(each a "Permitted Transfer," and each transferee of such Stockholder in respect
of such Transfer, a "Permitted Transferee"):

          (i) any Transfer of any or all Equity Securities held by a Stockholder
     following such Stockholder's death by will or intestacy to such
     Stockholder's legal representative, heir or legatee;

          (ii) any Transfer of any or all Equity Securities held by a
     Stockholder as a gift or gifts during such Stockholder's lifetime to such
     Stockholder's spouse, children, grandchildren or a trust for the benefit of
     such Stockholder or any of the foregoing;

          (iii) any Transfer of any or all Equity Securities held by a Harvest
     Fund, an Investcorp Investor or a Financial Investor to any Affiliate of
     such Person (other than a Non-Qualified Person), including any transfer by
     an Investcorp Investor of up to $10,000,000 in Equity Securities to
     Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company and/or its Affiliates so long
     as such Transfer takes place within six months from the date hereof;
     provided that any such Affiliate shall Transfer such Equity Securities to
     the Stockholder from whom such Equity Securities were originally received
     or acquired within five (5) days after ceasing to be an Affiliate of such
     Stockholder; and provided, further, that notwithstanding anything in this
     Agreement to the contrary, shares of Preferred Stock (as such) may only be
     Transferred by the Investcorp Investors pursuant to this Section
     2.2(a)(iii), Section 2.2(a)(vii) or Section 2.2(a)(viii);

          (iv) any Transfer by a Harvest Fund, an Investcorp Investor or any
     Financial Investor to the partners, members or beneficiaries of such
     Harvest Fund, Investcorp Investor or Financial Investor upon the
     liquidation or dissolution of such Harvest Fund, such Investcorp Investor
     or such Financial Investor, as the case may be, in accordance with its
     controlling fund or other controlling documents, as applicable;

          (v) any Transfer of any or all Equity Securities held by a Stockholder
     which is made (A) pursuant to Section 2.4 or (B) as an Other Tag
     Stockholder pursuant to Section 2.3;

          (vi) any Transfer of any or all Equity Securities held by a
     Stockholder which is made pursuant to Article III;

          (vii) any Transfer by a Stockholder to the Company (A) upon Special
     Board Approval or (B) as expressly permitted by this Agreement or the
     Certificate of Designations; or

          (viii) any Transfer not described in any of clauses (i) through (vii)
     above upon Special Board Approval; provided, however, that if Special Board
     Approval is granted for the sale of shares of Common Stock by an Investcorp
     Investor or a Harvest Fund, notwithstanding anything contained in Section
     2.3, such sale shall be subject to Section 2.3, whether or not it
     constitutes a Designated Sale Event; provided, further,

                                       17
<PAGE>

     that if any Investcorp Investor proposes to sell Preferred Stock to any
     Harvest Fund or any Affiliate of a Harvest Fund under this clause (viii),
     then in addition to obtaining Special Board Approval for such sale, such
     Investcorp Investor shall be required to obtain the prior written approval
     of the Requisite Disinterested Holders prior to consummating such sale.

          (b) In any Transfer referred to in Section 2.2(a) (other than clauses
(v) and (vi) and, to the extent such Transfer constitutes a Change of Control
Transaction, clause (viii) thereof), the Permitted Transferee shall agree in
writing to be bound by all the provisions of this Agreement and shall execute
and deliver to the Company a counterpart to this Agreement. Each Permitted
Transferee (other than a Permitted Transferee who received the relevant Equity
Securities in a Transfer pursuant to Section 2.2(a)(v) or Section 2.2(a)(vi) or
to the extent such Transfer constitutes a Change of Control Transaction, Section
2.2(a)(viii)) shall hold such shares of Equity Securities subject to the
provisions of this Agreement as a "Stockholder" hereunder as if such Permitted
Transferee were an original signatory hereto and shall be deemed to be a party
to this Agreement.

          (c) In any Transfer by a Harvest Fund to a Permitted Transferee which
is made pursuant to Section 2.2(a)(iii) or Section 2.2(a)(iv), such Permitted
Transferee shall thereafter be a "Harvest Fund." In any Transfer by a Financial
Investor to a Permitted Transferee pursuant to Section 2.2(a)(iii) or Section
2.2(a)(iv), such Permitted Transferee shall thereafter be a "Financial
Investor." In any Transfer by a Management Stockholder to a Permitted Transferee
pursuant to Section 2.2(a)(i) or Section 2.2(a)(ii), such Permitted Transferee
shall thereafter be a "Management Stockholder." In any Transfer by an Investcorp
Investor to a Permitted Transferee pursuant to Section 2.2(a)(iii) or Section
2.2(a)(iv), such Permitted Transferee shall thereafter be an "Investcorp
Investor."

          SECTION 2.3 Tag-Along Rights.

          (a) Except in the case of a Transfer of Preferred Stock, in the event
that any Stockholder or group of Stockholders ("Tag Sellers") propose to effect
a Transfer of Equity Securities (other than a Permitted Transfer described in
Section 2.2(a)(i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v)(A), (vi) or (vii)) that will result in
a Designated Sale Event, such Tag Sellers shall promptly give written notice
(the "Transfer Notice") to the Company and each of the other Stockholders and
holders of vested Stock Options that are not Tag Sellers (the "Other Tag
Stockholders") at least twenty (20) days prior to the scheduled consummation of
such Transfer. The Transfer Notice shall describe in reasonable detail the
proposed Transfer including, without limitation, the identity of the proposed
purchaser, the type and number of shares of Equity Securities to be sold, the
purchase price of each such share of Equity Securities to be sold, the form of
consideration, the amount of any escrow, the nature of any significant other
arrangements (representations and warranties, indemnifications, etc.) and the
date such proposed sale is expected to be consummated.

          (b) Each of the Other Tag Stockholders shall have the right,
exercisable upon delivery of an irrevocable written notice to the Tag Seller
within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of the Transfer Notice (the
"Response Deadline"), to participate in such proposed Transfer on the same terms
and conditions as set forth in the Transfer Notice including, without
limitation, the making of representations and warranties as to due
incorporation, existence and

                                       18
<PAGE>

good standing, power and authority of such Other Tag Stockholder, and ownership
of the Equity Securities, the granting of all indemnifications (other than The
Texas Growth Fund II - 1998 Trust ("TGF") which shall provide insurance in form
and substance satisfactory to the Harvest Funds with respect to all such
indemnifications) and participating in any escrow arrangements to the extent of
their respective pro rata portion and similar agreements agreed to by the Tag
Seller, provided that the indemnification obligation of any Other Tag
Stockholder to a proposed transferee with respect to the breach of any
representation or warranty concerning the Company shall be limited to the lesser
of its respective pro rata portion of the obligation and the net proceeds to be
received by such Other Tag Stockholder in connection with such Transfer, and
provided further that the Investcorp Investors agree that to participate in such
Transfer they will convert shares of Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock
to the extent of the ultimate participation by the Investcorp Investors as a Tag
Seller or as Other Tag Stockholders therein. For an Other Tag Stockholder to
participate in such Transfer with respect to its vested Stock Options (a "Tag
Option Holder"), such Tag Option Holder, by the Response Deadline, must deliver
to the Company (1) its notice of election to exercise a number of Stock Options
up to its pro rata portion (as described below), (2) payment for the aggregate
exercise price for such exercise and (3) if not already a party to this
Agreement, an executed signature page to this Agreement. Each Other Tag
Stockholder electing to participate in the Transfer described in the Transfer
Notice (each, a "Participant") shall indicate in its notice of election to the
Tag Seller the maximum number of Tag-Eligible Securities it desires to Transfer.
Each such Participant shall be entitled to Transfer a number of Tag-Eligible
Securities equal to such holder's pro rata portion of the total number of
Tag-Eligible Securities to be Transferred, as set forth in the Transfer Notice,
up to such maximum number, provided that the Investcorp Investors may, at their
option, indicate the number of Tag-Eligible Securities that they desire to
Transfer in the aggregate instead of per Participant. For purposes of this
Section 2.3(b) and Section 2.3(c), "pro rata portion" shall mean for each
Participant, with the Investcorp Investors being treated as one Participant if
so requested, a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of Tag-Eligible
Securities held by such Participant (calculated assuming conversion of the
Preferred Stock into Common Stock) immediately prior to the Transfer proposed in
the Transfer Notice and the denominator of which is the total number of
Tag-Eligible Securities (calculated assuming conversion of the Preferred Stock
into Common Stock) included in such Transfer outstanding immediately prior to
the Transfer proposed in the Transfer Notice held by the Tag Seller and the
Other Tag Stockholders collectively. In the event that any Stockholder does not
elect to sell all of its respective pro rata portion, the Tag-Eligible
Securities that were available for sale by such non-electing Other Tag
Stockholders but are not being so sold (the "Excess Tag Securities") shall
automatically be deemed to be accepted for sale by (i) each Other Tag
Stockholder who indicated in their written response to the Transfer Notice a
desire to participate in the sale of Tag-Eligible Securities in excess of its
pro rata portion and (ii) the Tag Seller (collectively, the "Excess
Participants"). Unless otherwise agreed by all of the Excess Participants, each
Excess Participant shall sell a number of Excess Tag Securities equal to the
lesser of (x) the number of Excess Tag Securities indicated in the written
response to the Transfer Notice or, in the case of the Tag Seller, the Transfer
Notice, if any, and (y) an amount equal to the product of (A) the aggregate
number of Excess Tag Securities and (B) a fraction, the numerator of which is
the number of Tag-Eligible Securities held at such time by such Excess
Participant (calculated assuming conversion of the Preferred Stock into Common
Stock) and the denominator of which

                                       19
<PAGE>

is the aggregate number of Tag-Eligible Securities held at such time by all
Excess Participants (calculated assuming conversion of the Preferred Stock into
Common Stock).

          (c) Each Participant shall effect its participation in the Transfer by
delivering to the Tag Seller (to hold in trust as agent for such Participant),
at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date scheduled for such Transfer
as set forth in the Transfer Notice, one or more certificates or other
instruments, as applicable, in proper form for transfer, which represent the
number of Tag-Eligible Securities that such Participant desires to Transfer in
accordance with Section 2.3(b). Such certificate or certificates or other
instruments, as applicable, shall be delivered by the Tag Seller to such
Permitted Transferee on the date scheduled for such Transfer in consummation of
the Transfer pursuant to the terms and conditions specified in the Transfer
Notice and such Permitted Transferee shall remit to each such Participant its
pro rata portion of the net sale proceeds (taking into account transaction costs
and expenses incurred by the Tag Seller in connection with such Transfer and
transaction costs and expenses incurred by each Participant in connection with
such Transfer) to which such Participant is entitled by reason of its
participation in such sale. The Tag Seller's sale of Equity Securities in any
sale proposed in a Transfer Notice shall be effected on terms and conditions not
more favorable than those set forth in such Transfer Notice and applicable to
the other Participants. In the event the proposed Transfer is not consummated
within twenty (20) Business Days of the date scheduled for such Transfer, the
Tag Seller shall promptly return all certificates and/or instruments received
from Participants.

          (d) The exercise or non-exercise of the rights of any of the Other Tag
Stockholders hereunder to participate in one or more Transfers of Equity
Securities made by the Tag Seller shall not adversely affect their rights to
participate in subsequent Transfers of Equity Securities subject to this Section
2.3. Nothing in this Section 2.3 shall change the limitations and obligations
set forth in Section 2.1 and 2.2.

          SECTION 2.4 Drag-Along Rights.

          (a) Each Stockholder agrees that a Drag Along Event may be initiated
by (i) a mutual written consent to do so executed by the Harvest Funds and the
Investcorp Investors, (ii) pursuant to Section 4.4(b) or 4.6 by the Investcorp
Investors by written notice to the Harvest Funds or (iii) pursuant to Section
4.6 by the Harvest Funds by written notice to the Investcorp Investors. Each
party initiating the Drag Along Event pursuant to the immediately preceding
sentence is referred to herein as a "Drag Seller" and all such initiating
parties as "Drag Sellers."

          (b) Subject to Section 2.4(e), at the written request of the Drag
Seller or Drag Sellers, each of the other Stockholders (the "Other Drag
Stockholders") agrees to vote all of its shares of Equity Securities, at a
special or annual meeting of Stockholders or by written consent in lieu of a
meeting, in favor of and, if applicable, shall sell its pro rata portion of the
amount of Equity Securities and Stock Options to be Transferred in connection
with, the Drag Along Event. In order to effect the foregoing covenant, each
Existing Investor that is an Other Drag Stockholder under this Section 2.4
hereby grants to the Harvest Funds, to the extent the Harvest Funds are a Drag
Seller pursuant to this Section 2.4, with respect to all of such Stockholder's
shares of Capital Stock an irrevocable proxy (which is deemed to be coupled with
an interest) for

                                       20
<PAGE>

the term of this Agreement with respect to any stockholder vote or action by
written consent solely to effect such Drag Along Event in compliance with this
Section 2.4.

          (c) The Company and the Other Drag Stockholders each hereby agree to
cooperate fully (including by waiving any other appraisal rights to which such
Other Drag Stockholder may be entitled under Applicable Law and each such
Stockholder does hereby waive all such appraisal rights) with the Drag Sellers
and the purchaser in any such Drag Along Event and, to execute and deliver all
documents (including purchase agreements) and instruments as the Drag Sellers
and such purchaser request to effect such Drag Along Event including, without
limitation, the making of representations and warranties as to due
incorporation, existence and good standing, power and authority of such Other
Drag Stockholder, and ownership of Equity Securities or Stock Options and the
granting of all indemnifications (other than TGF which shall provide insurance
in form and substance satisfactory to the Drag Sellers with respect to all such
indemnifications) and the execution of all agreements (including, without
limitation, participating in any escrow arrangements to the extent of their
respective pro rata portion) and similar arrangements which the Drag Sellers is
making or executing, provided that the indemnification obligation of any Other
Drag Stockholder to proposed purchaser with respect to the breach of any
representation or warranty concerning the Company shall be limited to the lesser
of the pro rata portion of the obligation and the net proceeds to be received by
such Other Drag Stockholder in connection with such Drag Along Event. Upon the
closing of such Drag Along Event, each Stockholder shall receive its pro rata
portion of the net proceeds (taking into account transaction costs and expenses
incurred by the Harvest Funds or the Investcorp Investors, as applicable, in
connection with such Drag Along Event, reasonable transaction costs and expenses
incurred by each other Stockholder in connection with such Drag Along Event and
the costs and expenses described in Section 2.4(d) (but only to the extent not
paid or payable by the Company under this Agreement)) and such sale shall be on
the same terms and conditions as afforded to the Drag Seller(s). Subject to the
transaction costs and expenses discussed in the immediately preceding sentence,
for purposes of Section 2.4(b) and 2.4(c), "pro rata portion" shall mean with
respect to each Stockholder a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of
Equity Securities (including, for such purposes, the number Stock Options to be
exercised prior to such Transfer or to be cashed-out in such Transfer) held by
such Stockholder immediately prior to such Drag Along Event and the denominator
of which is the total number of such Equity Securities (including, for such
purposes, the aggregate number Stock Options to be exercised prior to such
Transfer or to be cashed-out in such Transfer) outstanding immediately prior to
such Drag Along Event, in each case calculated on an as-converted basis and
taking into account for each holder of Stock Options that are cashed-out in the
Transfer, rather than exercised prior to the Transfer for shares of Common
Stock, the aggregate exercise price of any such Stock Options cashed-out in the
Transfer.

          (d) It is understood and agreed that in consideration of investment
banking services provided by any Person (including the Harvest Funds or the
Investcorp Investors or any of their respective Affiliates) a reasonable fee may
be paid in an amount that is customary and equivalent to a fee arrangement
negotiated on an "arms-length" basis; provided that if any such fee is payable
to any Harvest Fund or any of its Affiliates or the Investcorp Investors or
their Affiliates, such fee shall be deemed reasonable if it is consistent with
the terms of the amended and restated management agreement entered into by and
between Harvest Partners, Inc. and

                                       21
<PAGE>

Associated as of the date hereof or the management agreement entered into by and
between Investcorp International Inc. and Associated as of the date hereof, as
applicable.

          (e) Unless a holder of Preferred Stock elects to convert its shares of
Preferred Stock into Common Stock in order to participate in a Transfer pursuant
to this Section 2.4, such holder shall accept the Put Offer in accordance with
the terms of Article 7 of the Certificate of Designations.

          SECTION 2.5 Grant of Preemptive Rights to Stockholders.

          (a) In the event that, at any time, the Company shall decide to
undertake an issuance of New Securities that is permitted by this Agreement, the
Company shall at such time deliver to each Stockholder written notice of the
Company's decision, describing the amount, type and terms (including the
exercise price and expiration date thereof in the case of any Options) of such
New Securities, the purchase price per New Security (the "New Securities Price")
to be paid by the purchasers of such New Securities and the other terms upon
which the Company has decided to issue such New Securities, including, without
limitation, the expected timing of such issuance, which shall not be less than
twenty (20) Business Days after the date upon which such notice is given (the
"Preemptive Notice"). Each Stockholder shall have ten (10) Business Days from
the date on which they receive the Preemptive Notice to agree by written notice
to the Company (a "Preemptive Exercise Notice") to purchase up to their Pro Rata
Amount of such New Securities (and any Excess New Securities) for the New
Securities Price and upon the general terms specified in the Preemptive Notice
by giving written notice to the Company and stating therein the quantity of New
Securities to be purchased by any such Stockholder. In the event that in
connection with such a proposed issuance of New Securities, such Stockholder
shall for any reason fail or refuse to give such written notice to the Company
within such ten (10) Business Days period, such Stockholder shall, for all
purposes of this Section 2.5, be deemed to have refused (in that particular
instance only) to purchase any of such New Securities and to have waived (in
that particular instance only) all of its rights under this Section 2.5 to
purchase any of such New Securities. In the event that any Stockholder does not
elect to purchase all of its respective Pro Rata Amount of such New Securities,
the New Securities that were available for purchase by such non-electing
Stockholders (the "Excess New Securities") shall automatically be deemed to be
accepted for purchase by the Stockholders who indicated in their Preemptive
Exercise Notice a desire to participate in the purchase of New Securities in
excess of their Pro Rata Amount. Unless otherwise agreed by all of the
Stockholders participating in the purchase of such New Securities, each
Stockholder who indicated to purchase more than its Pro Rata Amount shall
purchase a number of Excess New Securities equal to the lesser of (i) the number
of Excess New Securities indicated in the Preemptive Exercise Notice, if any,
and (ii) an amount equal to the product of (A) the aggregate number of Excess
New Securities and (B) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of
Equity Securities held at such time by such Stockholder and the denominator of
which is the aggregate number of Equity Securities held at such time by all
Stockholders who participate in the purchase of Excess New Securities.

          (b) In the event any New Securities to be issued by the Company are
not subject to a Preemptive Exercise Notice, the Company shall be free to issue
such New Securities to any Person, provided that (i) the price per New Security
at which such New Securities are

                                       22
<PAGE>

being issued to and purchased by such Person is not less than the New Securities
Price, (ii) the other terms and conditions pursuant to which such Person
purchases such New Securities are substantially equivalent to the terms set
forth in the Preemptive Notice and (iii) such issuance of New Securities takes
place within ninety (90) days of the Preemptive Notice. After expiration of the
90-day period, any New Securities to be issued by the Company shall be subject
to this Section 2.5.

                                  ARTICLE III

                              REGISTRATION RIGHTS

          SECTION 3.1 Required Registration.

          (a) Required Registration. Commencing six (6) months after the
occurrence of the initial Public Offering of the Company (subject to any lock-up
agreement under Section 3.8 that may be in effect), the Harvest Funds and the
Investcorp Investors shall have the right to require (a "Demand Request") the
Company to register under the Securities Act all or a portion of such number of
Registrable Securities as such Stockholders shall designate for sale in a
written request to the Company (each, a "Required Registration").

          (b) Piggyback Rights. Upon receipt by the Company of a Demand Request,
the Company shall deliver a written notice (a "Demand Notice") to each of the
other Stockholders stating that the Company intends to comply with a Demand
Request and informing each such Stockholder of its right to include Registrable
Securities in such Required Registration. Within ten (10) Business Days after
receipt of such Demand Notice, each such other Stockholder shall have the right
to request in writing that the Company include all or a specific portion of the
Registrable Securities held by such other Stockholder in such Required
Registration.

          (c) Postponement. The Company may postpone any Required Registration
for a reasonable period of time, not to exceed one hundred eighty (180) days
once in every twelve (12) month period, if the Board determines in good faith
that such Required Registration would (i) require the disclosure of a material
transaction or other matter and such disclosure would be disadvantageous to the
Company or (ii) adversely affect a material financing, acquisition, disposition
of assets or stock, merger or other comparable transaction.

          (d) Time for Filing and Effectiveness. As promptly as practicable
after a Demand Request but in no event later than the date which is sixty (60)
days after such Demand Request, the Company shall file with the SEC the Required
Registration with respect to all Registrable Securities to be so registered, and
shall use its reasonable efforts to cause such Required Registration to become
effective as promptly as practicable after the filing thereof, but in no event
later than the day which is one hundred twenty (120) days after the date of the
Demand Request. The Company will use its reasonable efforts to keep any Required
Registration filed pursuant to this Section 3.1 effective for the period
beginning on the date on which the Required Registration is declared effective
and ending on the earlier of (i) the date of full distribution of the
Registrable Securities included in such Required Registration and (ii) the date
that is one hundred eighty (180) days from the date of first effectiveness.

                                       23
<PAGE>

          (e) Selection of Underwriters. In the event that the Registrable
Securities to be registered pursuant to a Required Registration are to be
disposed of in an underwritten Public Offering, the underwriters of such Public
Offering shall be one or more underwriting firms of nationally recognized
standing selected by the Board with a Special Board Approval.

          (f) Priority on Required Registrations. In the event that, in the case
of any Required Registration, the managing underwriter for the Public Offering
contemplated by Section 3.1(e) shall advise the Company in writing (with a copy
to each holder of Registrable Securities requesting a sale) that, in such
underwriter's opinion, the amount of securities requested to be included in such
Required Registration would adversely affect the Public Offering and sale
(including pricing) of such Registrable Securities, the Registrable Securities
that shall be included in the Required Registration shall be included in the
following amounts and order of priority:

          (i) first, if the Investcorp Investors did not have the right to
     consent to the initial Public Offering of the Company's equity securities
     pursuant to Section 4.3(m) below through a Special Board Approval (the
     "Investcorp IPO Consent Right"), then the Investcorp Investors may include
     in such Required Registration a number of Registrable Securities up to an
     aggregate value equal to the Target Amount less, as of any applicable date
     of determination, the aggregate amount of proceeds received by the
     Investcorp Investors on their shares of Preferred Stock or the shares of
     Common Stock issuable upon conversion of their shares of Preferred Stock,
     whether through dividends, repurchases or sales to third parties
     (including, without limitation, proceeds received from participation in a
     prior Required Registration or a prior Incidental Registration under this
     Article III) (with the number of Registrable Securities that may be
     included in such Required Registration determined based upon the offering
     price to the public of the securities in the Public Offering) (the
     "Investcorp Priority");

          (ii) second, if the Investcorp Investors have an Investcorp Priority
     with respect to such Required Registration, then the Existing Investors may
     include in such Required Registration an aggregate number of Registrable
     Securities up to the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that may be
     included under clause (i) immediately above; and

          (iii) third, (A) if the Investcorp Investors did not have an
     Investcorp Priority with respect to such Required Registration (and,
     therefore, the Existing Investors would not have had the priority under
     clause (ii) immediately above) or (B) the Investcorp Investors had an
     Investcorp Priority under clause (i) and the Existing Investors had their
     related priority under clause (ii), then each Stockholder (including the
     Investcorp Investors and the Existing Investors) that requested to include
     Registrable Securities in such Required Registration shall be entitled to
     include its pro rata share of Registrable Securities, based upon the number
     of Registrable Securities requested to be included by such Stockholders in
     such Required Registration (and if the Investcorp Investors had an
     Investcorp Priority under clause (i) and the Existing Investors had their
     related priority under clause (ii), the number of Registrable Securities
     that shall be taken into account for calculating their respective pro rata
     shares under this clause (iii) shall be the number of Registrable
     Securities requested to be included in such registration above the amounts
     permitted under clauses (i) and (ii) above, as applicable); provided,
     however, that if such managing underwriter shall advise the Company that,
     in such underwriter's opinion, the inclusion of Registrable Securities held
     by Management Stockholders would adversely affect

                                       23
<PAGE>

     the offering and sale (including pricing) of such securities, then the
     number of Registrable Securities held by such Management Stockholders to be
     included in such Public Offering may be disproportionately reduced to avoid
     such adverse result.

          (g) The number of Demand Requests that may be made pursuant to Section
3.1 shall be up to six (6), with up to three (3) allocated to the Harvest Funds
and up to three (3) allocated to the Investcorp Investors. In the event that, in
connection with a Demand Request pursuant to Section 3.1(a), less than 50% of
the Registrable Securities proposed to be included in the Public Offering, if
any, by Stockholders are sold in such Public Offering pursuant to Section
3.1(f), such Demand Request shall be deemed not to have been a Demand Request.

          SECTION 3.2 Incidental Registration.

          (a) Filing of Registration Statement. If the Company at any time
proposes to register, for its own account or the account of another Person, any
of its securities (an "Incidental Registration") under the Securities Act (other
than pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-4 or Form S-8 or any
successor forms thereto and other than pursuant to Section 3.1 hereof), for sale
to the public in a Public Offering, it will at each such time give prompt
written notice to all Stockholders of its intention to do so, which notice shall
be given at least fifteen (15) Business Days prior to the date that a
registration statement relating to such registration is proposed to be filed
with the SEC. Upon the written request of any Stockholder to include Registrable
Securities held by it under such registration statement (which request shall (i)
be made within ten (10) Business Days after the receipt of any such notice, and
(ii) specify the Registrable Securities intended to be included by such holder),
the Company will use its reasonable efforts to effect the registration of all
Registrable Securities that the Company has been so requested to register by
such Stockholder; provided, however, that if, at any time after giving written
notice of its intention to register any securities and prior to the effective
date of the registration statement filed in connection with such registration,
the Company shall determine for any reason to terminate such registration
statement and not to register such securities, the Company may, at its election,
give written notice of such determination to each such holder and, thereupon,
shall be relieved of its obligation to register any Registrable Securities of
such Persons in connection with such registration.

          (b) Selection of Underwriters. Notice of the Company's intention to
register such securities shall designate the proposed underwriters of such
Public Offering and shall contain the Company's agreement to use its reasonable
efforts, if requested to do so, to arrange for such underwriters to include in
such underwriting the Registrable Securities that the Company has been so
requested to sell pursuant to this Section 3.2, it being understood that the
holders of Registrable Securities shall have no right to select different
underwriters for the disposition of their Registrable Securities.

          (c) Priority on Incidental Registrations. If the managing underwriter
for the Public Offering contemplated by this Section 3.2 shall advise the
Company in writing that, in such underwriter's opinion, the number of securities
requested to be included in such Incidental Registration would adversely affect
the Public Offering and sale (including pricing) of such securities the Company
shall include in such Incidental Registration the number of securities that

                                       25
<PAGE>

the Company is so advised should be sold in such Public Offering, in the
following amounts and order of priority:

          (i) first, securities proposed to be sold by the Company for its own
     account or such other Person if the registration is pursuant to a
     registration rights agreement with the Company;

          (ii) second, if the Investcorp Investors have an Investcorp Priority
     with respect to such Incidental Registration, then the Investcorp Investors
     may include in such Incidental Registration a number of Registrable
     Securities up to an aggregate value equal to the Target Amount less, as of
     any applicable date of determination, the aggregate amount of proceeds
     received by the Investcorp Investors on their shares of Preferred Stock or
     the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of their shares of
     Preferred Stock, whether through dividends, repurchases or sales to third
     parties (including, without limitation, proceeds received from
     participation in a prior Required Registration or a prior Incidental
     Registration under this Article III) (with the number of Registrable
     Securities that may be included in such Incidental Registration determined
     based upon the offering price to the public of the securities in the Public
     Offering);

          (iii) third, if the Investcorp Investors have an Investcorp Priority
     with respect to such Incidental Registration, then the Existing Investors
     may include in such Incidental Registration an aggregate number of
     Registrable Securities up to the aggregate number of Registrable Securities
     that may be included under clause (ii) immediately above;

          (iv) fourth, if (A) the Investcorp Investors did not have an
     Investcorp Priority with respect to such Incidental Registration (and,
     therefore, the Existing Investors would not have had the priority under
     clause (iii) immediately above) or (B) the Investcorp Investors had an
     Investcorp Priority under clause (ii) and the Existing Investors had their
     related priority under clause (iii), then the Registrable Securities
     requested to be registered by Stockholders (including the Investcorp
     Investors and the Existing Investors) pro rata among such Stockholders on
     the basis of the number of Registrable Securities requested to be sold by
     such Stockholders pursuant to this Section 3.2 (and if the Investcorp
     Investors had an Investcorp Priority under clause (ii) and the Existing
     Investors had their related priority under clause (iii), the number of
     Registrable Securities that shall be taken into account for calculating
     their respective pro rata shares under this clause (iv) shall be the number
     of Registrable Securities requested to be included in such registration
     above the amounts permitted under clauses (ii) and (iii) above, as
     applicable); provided, however, that if such managing underwriter shall
     advise the Company that, in such underwriter's opinion, the inclusion of
     Registrable Securities held by Management Stockholders would adversely
     affect the offering and sale (including pricing) of such securities, then
     the number of Registrable Securities held by such Management Stockholders
     to be included in such Public Offering may be disproportionately reduced to
     avoid such adverse result; and

          (v) fifth, all other Registrable Securities and securities proposed to
     be sold for the account of any other Person.

          SECTION 3.3 Registration Procedures. The Company will use its
reasonable efforts to effect each Required Registration pursuant to Section 3.1
and each Incidental

                                       26
<PAGE>

Registration pursuant to Section 3.2, and to cooperate with the sale of such
Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition
thereof as quickly as possible, and the Company will as expeditiously as
possible:

                    (a) subject, in the case of an Incidental Registration, to
          the proviso to Section 3.2(a), prepare and file with the SEC the
          registration statement and use its reasonable efforts to cause the
          Registration to become effective; provided, however, that, to the
          extent practicable, the Company will furnish to the holders of the
          Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement and
          their counsel, copies of all such documents proposed to be filed and
          any such holder shall have the opportunity to comment on any
          information pertaining solely to such holder and its plan of
          distribution that is contained therein and the Company shall make the
          corrections reasonably requested by such holder with respect to such
          information prior to filing any such registration statement or
          amendment.

                    (b) subject, in the case of an Incidental Registration, to
          the proviso to Section 3.2(a), prepare and file with the SEC such
          amendments and post-effective amendments to any registration statement
          and any prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to
          keep such registration statement effective and to comply with the
          provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of
          all Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement
          until such time as all of such Registrable Securities have been
          disposed of in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by
          the seller or sellers thereof set forth in such registration statement
          and cause the prospectus to be supplemented by any required prospectus
          supplement, and as so supplemented to be filed pursuant to Rule 424
          under the Securities Act;

                    (c) furnish, upon request, to each holder of Registrable
          Securities to be included in such Registration and the underwriter or
          underwriters, if any, without charge, at least one signed copy of the
          registration statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, and
          such number of conformed copies thereof and such number of copies of
          the prospectus (including each preliminary prospectus and each
          prospectus filed under Rule 424 under the Securities Act), any
          amendments or supplements thereto and any documents incorporated by
          reference therein, as such holder or underwriter may reasonably
          request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable
          Securities being sold by such holder (it being understood that the
          Company consents to the use of the prospectus and any amendment or
          supplement thereto by each holder of Registrable Securities covered by
          such registration statement and the underwriter or underwriters, if
          any, in connection with the Public Offering and sale of the
          Registrable Securities covered by the prospectus or any amendment or
          supplement thereto);

                    (d) notify each holder of the Registrable Securities to be
          included in such Registration and the underwriter or underwriters, if
          any:

                    (i) of any stop order or other order suspending the
               effectiveness of any registration statement, issued or threatened
               by the SEC in connection therewith, and take all reasonable
               actions required to prevent the entry

                                       27
<PAGE>

               of such stop order or to remove it or obtain withdrawal of it at
               the earliest possible moment if entered;

                    (ii) when such registration statement or any prospectus used
               in connection therewith, or any amendment or supplement thereto,
               has been filed and, with respect to such registration statement
               or any post-effective amendment thereto, when the same has become
               effective;

                    (iii) of any written request by the SEC for amendments or
               supplements to such registration statement or prospectus; and

                    (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with
               respect to the suspension of the qualification of any Registrable
               Securities for sale under the applicable securities or blue sky
               laws of any jurisdiction;

                    (e) if requested by the managing underwriter or underwriters
          or any holder of Registrable Securities to be included in such
          Registration in connection with any sale pursuant to a registration
          statement, promptly incorporate in a prospectus supplement or
          post-effective amendment such information relating to such
          underwriting as the managing underwriter or underwriters or such
          holder reasonably requests to be included therein; and make all
          required filings of such prospectus supplement or post-effective
          amendment as soon as practicable after being notified of the matters
          incorporated in such prospectus supplement or post-effective
          amendment;

                    (f) on or prior to the date on which a Registration is
          declared effective, use its reasonable efforts to register or qualify,
          and cooperate with the holders of Registrable Securities to be
          included in such Registration, the underwriter or underwriters, if
          any, and their counsel, in connection with the registration or
          qualification of the Registrable Securities covered by such
          Registration for offer and sale under the securities or "blue sky"
          laws of each state and other jurisdiction of the United States as any
          such holder or underwriter reasonably requests in writing; use its
          reasonable efforts to keep each such registration or qualification
          effective, including through new filings, or amendments or renewals,
          during the period such registration statement is required to be kept
          effective; and do any and all other acts or things necessary or
          advisable to enable the disposition of the Registrable Securities in
          all such jurisdictions reasonably requested covered by such
          Registration; provided, however, that the Company shall not be
          required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where
          it is not then so qualified or to take any action which would subject
          it to general service of process in any such jurisdiction where it is
          not then so subject;

                    (g) in connection with any sale pursuant to a Registration,
          cooperate with the holders of Registrable Securities to be included in
          such Registration and the managing underwriter or underwriters, if
          any, to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates
          (not bearing any restrictive legends) representing securities to be
          sold under such Registration, and enable such securities to be in such
          denominations and registered in such names as the managing underwriter
          or underwriters, if any, or such holders may request;

                                       28
<PAGE>

                    (h) use its reasonable efforts to cause the Registrable
          Securities to be registered with or approved by such other
          governmental agencies or authorities within the United States and
          having jurisdiction over the Company or any Subsidiary as may be
          necessary to enable the seller or sellers thereof or the underwriter
          or underwriters, if any, to consummate the disposition of such
          securities;

                    (i) use its reasonable efforts to obtain:

                         (A) at the time of effectiveness of each Registration,
                    a "comfort letter" from the Company's independent certified
                    public accountants covering such matters of the type
                    customarily covered by "cold comfort letters" as the holders
                    of a majority of the Registrable Securities to be included
                    in such Registration and the underwriters reasonably
                    request; and

                         (B) at the time of any underwritten sale pursuant to
                    the registration statement, a "bring-down comfort letter,"
                    dated as of the date of such sale, from the Company's
                    independent certified public accountants covering such
                    matters of the type customarily covered by comfort letters
                    as the Requisite Holders and the underwriters reasonably
                    request;

                    (j) use its reasonable efforts to obtain, at the time of
          effectiveness of each Registration and at the time of any sale
          pursuant to each Registration, an opinion or opinions addressed to the
          holders of the Registrable Securities to be included in such
          Registration and the underwriter or underwriters, if any, in customary
          form and scope from counsel for the Company;

                    (k) notify each seller of Registrable Securities covered by
          such Registration, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any
          event as a result of which, the prospectus included in such
          Registration, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a
          material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be
          stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
          misleading, and promptly prepare and file with the SEC and furnish to
          such seller or holder a reasonable number of copies of a supplement to
          or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as
          thereafter delivered to the purchasers or prospective purchasers of
          such securities, such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement
          of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
          stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
          misleading in the light of the circumstances under which they are
          made;

                    (l) otherwise comply with all applicable rules and
          regulations of the SEC, and make generally available to its security
          holders (as contemplated by Section 11(a) under the Securities Act) an
          earnings statement satisfying the provisions of Rule 158 under the
          Securities Act no later than ninety (90) days after the end of the
          twelve (12) month period beginning with the first month of the
          Company's first fiscal quarter commencing after the effective date of
          the registration statement, which statement shall cover said twelve
          (12) month period;

                                       29
<PAGE>

                    (m) provide and cause to be maintained a transfer agent and
          registrar for all Registrable Securities covered by each Registration
          from and after a date not later than the effective date of such
          Registration;

                    (n) use its reasonable efforts to cause all Registrable
          Securities covered by each Registration to be listed subject to notice
          of issuance, prior to the date of first sale of such Registrable
          Securities pursuant to such Registration, on each securities exchange
          on which the Common Stock are then listed, and admitted to trading on
          NASDAQ, if the Common Stock or any such other securities of the
          Company are then admitted to trading on NASDAQ; and

                    (o) enter into such agreements (including underwriting
          agreements in customary form) and take such other actions as the
          Requisite Holders shall reasonably request in order to expedite or
          facilitate the disposition of such Registrable Securities.

The Company may require each holder of Registrable Securities that will be
included in such Registration to furnish the Company with such information in
respect of such holder of its Registrable Securities that will be included in
such Registration as the Company may reasonably request in writing and as is
required by Applicable Law.

          SECTION 3.4 Preparation; Reasonable Investigation. In connection with
the preparation and filing of each registration statement registering
Registrable Securities under the Securities Act, the Company shall give the
holders of such Registrable Securities so registered, their underwriters, if
any, and their respective counsel and accountants access to its books and
records and an opportunity to discuss the business of the Company with its
officers and the independent public accountants who have certified its financial
statements as shall be necessary, in the opinion of such holders' or such
underwriters' to conduct a reasonable investigation within the meaning of
Section 11(b)(3) of the Securities Act.

          SECTION 3.5 Rights of Requesting Holders. Each holder of Registrable
Securities to be included in a Registration which makes a written request
therefor in Section 3.1 or 3.2, as the case may be, shall have the right to
receive within thirty (30) days of receipt by the Company of such request copies
of the information, notices and other documents described in Section 3.3(l) and
Section 3.3(o).

          SECTION 3.6 Registration Expenses. The Company will pay all
Registration Expenses in connection with each registration of Registrable
Securities, including, without limitation, any such registration in which the
Company does not sell any securities for its own account.

          SECTION 3.7 Indemnification; Contribution.

          (a) The Company shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by
law, each holder of Registrable Securities, its officers, directors, partners,
employees and agents, if any, and each Person, if any, who controls such holder
within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act, against all losses,
claims, damages, liabilities (or proceedings in respect thereof) and expenses
(under the Securities Act or common law or otherwise), joint or several,
resulting from any violation by the Company of the provisions of the Securities
Act or any untrue

                                       30

                                       3
<PAGE>

statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any
registration statement or prospectus (and as amended or supplemented if amended
or supplemented) or any preliminary prospectus or caused by any omission or
alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any prospectus, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, except to
the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities (or proceedings in
respect thereof) or expenses are caused by any untrue statement or alleged
untrue statement contained in or by any omission or alleged omission from
information concerning any holder furnished in writing to the Company by such
holder expressly for use therein. If the Public Offering pursuant to any
registration statement provided for under this Article III is made through
underwriters, no action or failure to act on the part of such underwriters
(whether or not such underwriter is an Affiliate of any holder of Registrable
Securities) shall affect the obligations of the Company to indemnify any holder
of Registrable Securities or any other Person pursuant to the preceding
sentence. If the Public Offering pursuant to any registration statement provided
for under this Article III is made through underwriters, the Company agrees to
enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with such underwriters
and the Company agrees to indemnify such underwriters, their officers,
directors, employees and agents, if any, and each Person, if any, who controls
such underwriters within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act to the
same extent as herein before provided with respect to the indemnification of the
holders of Registrable Securities; provided that the Company shall not be
required to indemnify any such underwriter, or any officer, director or employee
of such underwriter or any Person who controls such underwriter within the
meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act, to the extent that the loss, claim,
damage, liability (or proceedings in respect thereof) or expense for which
indemnification is claimed results from such underwriter's failure to send or
give a copy of an amended or supplemented final prospectus to the Person
asserting an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged
omission at or prior to the written confirmation of the sale of Registrable
Securities to such Person if such statement or omission was corrected in such
amended or supplemented final prospectus prior to such written confirmation and
the underwriter was provided with such amended or supplemented final prospectus.

          (b) In connection with any registration statement in which a holder of
Registrable Securities is participating, each such holder, severally and not
jointly, shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company,
each underwriter and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents,
if any, and each Person, if any, who controls the Company or such underwriter
within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act, against any losses,
claims, damages, liabilities (or proceedings in respect thereof) and expenses
resulting from any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact, or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be
stated in the registration statement or prospectus or preliminary prospectus or
any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or necessary to make the statements
therein (in the case of any prospectus, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made) not misleading, but only to the extent that such untrue
statement is contained in or such omission is from information so concerning a
holder furnished in writing by such holder expressly for use therein; provided
that such holder's obligations hereunder shall be limited to an amount equal to
the net proceeds to such holder of the Registrable Securities sold pursuant to
such registration statement.

                                       31

                                       4
<PAGE>

          (c) Any Person entitled to indemnification under the provisions of
this Section 3.7 shall (i) give prompt notice to the indemnifying party of any
claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification and (ii) unless in such
indemnified party's reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such
indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist in respect of such claim, permit
such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim, with counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; and if such defense is so
assumed, such indemnifying party shall not enter into any settlement without the
consent of the indemnified party if such settlement attributes liability to the
indemnified party and such indemnifying party shall not be subject to any
liability for any settlement made without its consent (which shall not be
unreasonably withheld); and any underwriting agreement entered into with respect
to any registration statement provided for under this Article III shall so
provide. In the event an indemnifying party shall not be entitled, or elects
not, to assume the defense of a claim, such indemnifying party shall not be
obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel or firm of
counsel for all parties indemnified by such indemnifying party in respect of
such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any such indemnified party a
conflict of interest may exist between such indemnified party and any other of
such indemnified parties in respect to such claim.

          (d) If for any reason the foregoing indemnity is unavailable, then the
indemnifying party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the
indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or
expenses (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative
benefits received by the indemnifying party on the one hand and the indemnified
party on the other or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not
permitted by Applicable Law or provides a lesser sum to the indemnified party
than the amount hereinafter calculated, in such proportion as is appropriate to
reflect not only the relative benefits received by the indemnifying party on the
one hand and the indemnified party on the other but also the relative fault of
the indemnifying party and the indemnified party as well as any other relevant
equitable considerations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no holder of
Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of
the amount such holder would have been required to pay to an indemnified party
if the indemnity under Section 3.7(b) was available. No Person guilty of
fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the
Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not
guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The obligation of any Person to
contribute pursuant to this Section 3.7 shall be several and not joint.

          (e) An indemnifying party shall make payments of all amounts required
to be made pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.7 to or for
the account of the indemnified party from time to time promptly upon receipt of
bills or invoices relating thereto or when otherwise due or payable.

          (f) The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this
Section 3.7 shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any
investigation made by or on behalf of a participating holder of Registrable
Securities, its officers, directors, agents or any Person, if any, who controls
such holder as aforesaid, and shall survive the Transfer of Equity Securities by
such holder and the termination of this Agreement for any reason.

          SECTION 3.8 Holdback Agreements; Registration Rights to Others. In the
event and to the extent requested by the managing underwriter or, if the
Registrable Securities

                                       32

                                       5
<PAGE>

are not being disposed of in an underwritten Public Offering, if requested by
the Company, each Stockholder agrees not to sell, make any short sale of, grant
any option for the purchase of, or otherwise dispose of any securities of the
Company, other than those Registrable Securities included in such Registration
pursuant to Section 3.1(a), 3.1(b) or 3.2(a) for the thirty (30) days prior to
and the ninety days (90) days (one hundred and eighty (180) days in the case of
the initial Public Offering of the Company) after the effectiveness of the
registration statement pursuant to which such Public Offering shall be made (or
such shorter period of time as is sufficient and appropriate, in the opinion of
the managing underwriter or, as the case may be, the Company in order to
complete the sale and distribution of the securities included in such Public
Offering; provided that in no event shall such shorter period of time with
respect to any Stockholder be shorter than any such period for any other
Stockholder); provided that the limitations contained in this Section 3.8 shall
not apply to the extent a Stockholder is prohibited by Applicable Law from so
withholding such Registrable Securities from sale during such period.

          SECTION 3.9 Availability of Information. Following the Company's
initial Public Offering, the Company shall comply with the reporting
requirements of Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act and will comply with
all other public information reporting requirements of the SEC as from time to
time in effect, and cooperate with Stockholders who are holders of Registrable
Securities, so as to permit disposition of the Registrable Securities pursuant
to an exemption from the Securities Act for the sale of any Registrable
Securities (including, without limitation, the current public information
requirements of Rule 144(c) and Rule 144A under the Securities Act). The Company
shall also cooperate with each Stockholder who is a holder of any Registrable
Securities in supplying such information as may be necessary for such holder to
complete and file any information reporting forms presently or hereafter
required by the SEC as a condition to the availability of an exemption from the
Securities Act for the sale of any Registrable Securities.

          SECTION 3.10 Additional Registration Rights. Nothing contained in this
Agreement shall prevent the Company from granting additional registration rights
to any Person if approved by a Special Board Approval; provided, however, that
any grant of additional registration rights to any Harvest Fund must be approved
by the Investcorp Investors and the Requisite Disinterested Holders and the
grant of additional rights to Investcorp Investors must be approved by Harvest
Funds and the Requisite Disinterested Holders.

          SECTION 3.11 Additional Agreement. Without the consent of the
Requisite Disinterested Holders, the Harvest Funds hereby covenant and agree
that they will not, and will not permit any of their respective Affiliates, to
vote in favor of, or permit their designees on the Board or the boards of
directors of any Subsidiaries of the Company, to vote in favor of or otherwise
authorize the initial Public Offering of the Company, unless immediately
following the consummation of such initial Public Offering, the Financial
Investors will hold the same type of stock that the Harvest Funds hold.


                                   ARTICLE IV

                       GOVERNANCE AND STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

          SECTION 4.1 Board of Directors.

          (a) Each Stockholder agrees to vote, at any time and from time to
time, all of the shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock held by such
Stockholder and all other shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock over which
he, she or it has voting control and shall take all other necessary or desirable
action within his, her or its control (whether in his, her or its capacity as a
stockholder, director or officer of the Company or otherwise), and the Company
shall take all necessary or desirable action within its control, in order to
elect and maintain a

                                       33

                                       6
<PAGE>

seven (7) member Board, which shall include: (i) three (3) Directors designated
by the Harvest Funds, who initially shall be Ira D. Kleinman, Kevin Hayes and
Dennis Vollmershausen, (ii) the chief executive officer of Associated Materials
Incorporated, a Delaware corporation ("Associated"), who shall initially be
Michael Caporale, and, subject to Section 4.4(a) below, as otherwise designated
by the Board through a Special Board Approval from time to time in accordance
with and subject to this Agreement, and (iii) three (3) Directors designated by
the Investcorp Investors, who shall initially be Christopher J. Stadler, Simon
C. Moore and Dana R. Snyder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) at such time as
the Investcorp Investors own or hold in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis,
(x) a number of Equity Securities that is less than thirty percent (30%) of the
total number of Outstanding Equity Securities, the Investcorp Investors shall
only have the right to designate two (2) Directors, (y) a number of Equity
Securities that is less than fifteen percent (15%) of the total number of
Outstanding Equity Securities, the Investcorp Investors shall only have the
right to designate one (1) Director, and (z) a number of Equity Securities that
is less than eight percent (8%) of the total number of Outstanding Equity
Securities, the Investcorp Investors shall no longer have the right to designate
any Directors, and (B) if an Approved Recapitalization is caused at the election
of the Existing Investors pursuant to Section 4.5(a) below and immediately after
giving effect to the consummation of such Approved Recapitalization the Existing
Investors own or hold in the aggregate, (x) a number of Equity Securities and
Designated Options that is less than thirty percent (30%) of the total number of
Outstanding Equity Securities, the Harvest Funds shall only have the right to
designate two (2) Directors, (y) a number of Equity Securities and Designated
Options that is less than fifteen percent (15%) of the total number of
Outstanding Equity Securities, the Harvest Funds shall only have the right to
designate one (1) Director, and (z) a number of Equity Securities and Designated
Options that is less than eight percent (8%) of the total number of Outstanding
Equity Securities, the Harvest Funds shall no longer have the right to designate
any Directors. To the extent the Investcorp Investors lose the right to
designate any or all of their directors pursuant to clause (A) of the
immediately preceding sentence, then, to the extent the Harvest Funds have not,
at the time of such vacancy or vacancies, lost the right to designate any of
their directors pursuant to clause (B) of the immediately preceding sentence,
the Harvest Funds shall have the right to designate directors to fill the
vacancy or vacancies on the Board resulting under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence. The Harvest Funds shall direct the Directors designated by
them to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including the
approval of transactions contemplated hereby) and, if any such Director fails to
comply with such terms and conditions, the Harvest Funds agree to remove such
Director and to immediately appoint a new Director to fill such vacancy. The
Investcorp Investors shall direct the Directors designated by it to comply with
the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including the approval of
transactions contemplated hereby) and, if any such Director fails to comply with
such terms and conditions, the Investcorp Investors agree to remove such
Director and to immediately appoint a new Director to fill such vacancy.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties to this Agreement hereby acknowledge
that the initial Directors appointed to the Board by the Investcorp Investors
pursuant to Section 4.1(a)(iii) above shall not become members of the Board
until immediately after the Transaction Dividend and Management Bonuses (each as
defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement) have been approved by the Board.

          (b) In the event that any Director designated by the Harvest Funds for
any reason ceases to serve as a Director during his or her term of office,
unless in accordance with

                                       34

                                       7
<PAGE>

Section 4.1 hereof the Harvest Funds no longer have the right to designate such
Director, the resulting vacancy on the Board shall be filled by a Director
promptly designated by the Harvest Funds. In the event that any Director
designated by the Investcorp Investors for any reason ceases to serve as a
Director during his or her term of office, unless in accordance with Section 4.1
hereof the Investcorp Investors no longer have the right to designate such
Director, the resulting vacancy on the Board shall be filled by the Director
promptly designated by the Investcorp Investors.

          (c) The removal of any Director may be only at the written request of
the Person who designated such Director, unless in accordance with Section 4.1
hereof such Person no longer has the right to designate such Director and shall
be effective upon the Company's receipt of such written request. The
Stockholders shall take all steps necessary to implement any such removal in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

          (d) In order to effectuate the provisions of this Agreement
(including, without limitation, the provisions set forth in Sections 4.1(a)
through (c) hereof and any election by the Existing Investors to effectuate an
Approved Recapitalization in accordance with Section 4.5(a)), and in connection
with any matter put to a vote of the Stockholders under this Agreement or
applicable law (but subject to the provisions of Section 6.14), each Existing
Investor hereby grants to the Harvest Funds, an irrevocable proxy (which proxy
is coupled with an interest) to vote at any annual or special meeting of
stockholders, or to take action by written consent in lieu of such meeting, with
respect to all of the shares of Capital Stock or other voting or non-voting
securities of the Company owned or held of record by such Existing Investor, as
determined by the Harvest Funds, with respect to (A) the election of Directors
designated in accordance with this Section 4.1, (B) the removal of Directors in
accordance with this Section 4.1, (C) the election of a Director to fill any
vacancy on the Board in accordance with this Section 4.1, (D) amending the
certificate of incorporation of the Company but, excluding changes that would
disproportionately and adversely affect the rights of any Existing Investor
(other than a Harvest Fund) and (E) the taking of any other action by the
Existing Investors under this Agreement or approving or voting on any matter in
accordance with applicable law (but subject to the provisions of Section 6.14);
provided, that in exercising such proxy, the Harvest Funds shall not agree to
waive or amend any rights of the Existing Investors under this Agreement. The
Harvest Funds shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to provide each
other Existing Investor with written prior notice of any exercise of the proxy
granted pursuant to this Section 4.1(d); provided, however, that failure to
provide such written prior notice shall not affect the exercise of such proxy by
the Harvest Funds. It is understood and agreed that the Existing Investors hold
as of the date hereof non-voting Equity Securities, that this proxy is intended
to cover any voting Equity Securities received or receivable upon the conversion
of any such securities and any other voting securities of the Company received
by an Existing Investor after the date hereof.

          (e) So long as the Harvest Funds or any Financial Investor continues
to hold in the aggregate at least ten percent (10%) of the Equity Securities
acquired by each such Stockholder upon consummation of the Restructuring, the
Company shall deliver to the Harvest Funds or such Financial Investor, as
applicable, (i) on or prior to the thirtieth (30th) day after the end of each
monthly fiscal period of the Company, an unaudited income statement, balance
sheet and cash flow statement for and as of the end of such monthly period, (ii)
within forty-five (45) days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Company,
an unaudited income statement, balance

                                       35

                                       8
<PAGE>

sheet and cash flow statement for and as of the end of such fiscal quarter and
for the year to date, including management's discussion and analysis with
respect thereto and (iii) within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal
year of the Company, (A) an audited income statement, balance sheet and cash
flow statement for and as of the end of such fiscal year and (B) the annual
budget of the Company.

          (f) So long as the Investcorp Investors continue to hold in the
aggregate at least ten percent (10%) of the Equity Securities acquired by the
Investcorp Investors upon consummation of the Restructuring, the Company shall
deliver to the Investcorp Investors (i) on or prior to the thirtieth (30th) day
after the end of each monthly fiscal period of the Company, an unaudited income
statement, balance sheet and cash flow statement for and as of the end of such
monthly period, (ii) within forty-five (45) days after the end of each fiscal
quarter of the Company, an unaudited income statement, balance sheet and cash
flow statement for and as of the end of such fiscal quarter and for the year to
date, including management's discussion and analysis with respect thereto and
(iii) within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company,
(A) an audited income statement, balance sheet and cash flow statement for and
as of the end of such fiscal year and (B) the annual budget of the Company.

          (g) Upon execution by the Company of a letter of intent with respect
to an acquisition by the Company pursuant to which the Company will issue New
Securities, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to notify
the Financial Investors of the terms of such proposed acquisition; provided,
however, that failure to provide such notice shall not effect the obligations of
any Stockholder pursuant to Section 2.5 hereof.

          (h) In the event the Harvest Funds or the Investcorp Investors shall
not be entitled to designate a director pursuant to Section 4.1(a), the Harvest
Funds or Investcorp Investors, as the case may be, may review the books and
records and inspect any of the properties or assets of the Company and its
Subsidiaries from time to time at reasonable intervals during normal business
hours upon reasonable notice to the Company or a Subsidiary, as the case may be.

          (i) The Company shall cause the boards of directors of each of
Holdings and Associated to have the exact composition as provided for in this
Section 4.1, and for such boards to be subject to the same rules and operating
procedures as set forth in this Section 4.1, mutatis mutandis. It is understood
by the parties hereto that the representatives of the Investcorp Investors on
the boards of directors of Holdings and Associated shall take no part in, and
shall abstain from any discussion regarding, the declaration or payment of
dividends (A) from Associated to Associated Materials Holding, Inc. ("AMHI"),
(B) from AMHI to Holdings and (C) from Holdings to the Company, in order to fund
the Transaction Dividend and the Management Bonuses.

          SECTION 4.2 Observation Rights.

          For so long as Apollo and its Affiliates continue to hold at least
$22,500,000 of the Mezzanine Notes, Apollo shall have the right to have one (1)
representative present (whether in person or by telephone) at all meetings of
the boards of the Company and its Subsidiaries (and audit committees thereof);
provided that such representative shall not be entitled to vote at such

                                       36

<PAGE>

meetings; and provided further that such representative is reasonably acceptable
to the Company. The Company shall send to such representative all of the
notices, information and other materials that are distributed to Directors, and
shall provide Apollo with a notice and agenda of each meeting of the boards (and
audit committees thereof) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, at the same time
as delivered to the Directors. Apollo shall provide notice to the Company of the
identity and address of, or any change with respect to the identity or address
of, their representative. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company or its
Subsidiaries, as applicable, shall be entitled to (a) excuse such representative
of Apollo from any portion of a meeting of the boards (or audit committee
thereof) which discusses any matters directly relating to Apollo, the Mezzanine
Notes or the Mezzanine Notes Indenture and (b) withhold information from the
Apollo representative delivered to the boards (or audit committees thereof)
prior to a meeting of the applicable board (or audit committee thereof), in each
case if the Company, or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, believes there is a
reasonable likelihood that the receipt of such information by the Apollo
representative would create a conflict of interest for the Apollo representative
or affect the attorney/client privilege of the Company and its legal advisors or
its Subsidiaries or their legal advisors, as applicable. The Company shall
reimburse or shall cause its Subsidiaries to reimburse the Apollo representative
for all reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the
Apollo representative in connection with attending board or committee meetings.

          SECTION 4.3 Certain Governance Matters. The Company covenants and
agrees that it shall not take, and it shall not permit any Subsidiary to take,
any of the following actions without a Special Board Approval, and each of the
Stockholders shall not cause or permit the Company, or any Subsidiary, to take
any of the following actions without such approval:

               (a) (i) authorize, issue or sell any Parity Securities or Senior
     Securities (each as defined in the Certificate of Designations), (ii) other
     than in connection with Stock Options granted under the Stock Option Plan
     (and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Stock Options
     granted thereunder) or upon the conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock
     into Common Stock, issue or sell any Junior Securities (as defined in the
     Certificate of Designations), or rights to purchase Junior Securities,
     that, in the aggregate, would constitute five percent (5%) or more of the
     Outstanding Equity Securities outstanding on the date of this Agreement, or
     (iii) grant any Stock Options in excess of the number of Stock Options
     reserved for grant under the Stock Option Plan (as such number may be
     adjusted for stock splits, stock distributions and the like);

               (b) refinance or amend any existing indebtedness with a principal
     amount in excess of $10,000,000, other than to fund a repurchase of
     Preferred Stock or Common Stock and transaction expenses in accordance with
     Section 4.4(c), 4.5(a) or 4.7 hereof or to fund a redemption of the
     Preferred Stock pursuant to a "Put Offer" pursuant to the Certificate of
     Designations;

               (c) incur any indebtedness, other than (i) indebtedness for
     working capital, in an aggregate principal amount of $10,000,000 or less
     outstanding at any time, (ii) to finance Permitted Acquisitions, (iii) term
     and revolving indebtedness and letters of credit under the New Bank
     Facility, (iv) intercompany indebtedness, (v) hedging

                                       37

<PAGE>

     obligations solely for the purpose of fixing or hedging interest rate,
     currency rate or commodity price risk, (vi) indebtedness incurred to fund a
     repurchase of Preferred Stock or Common Stock and transaction expenses in
     accordance with Section 4.4(c), 4.5(a) or 4.7 hereof or to fund a
     redemption of the Preferred Stock pursuant to a "Put Offer" pursuant to the
     Certificate of Designations, (vii) a guarantee of any indebtedness
     permitted hereby, (viii) indebtedness under the Dividend Promissory Notes
     as defined in, and on the terms described in, the Stock Purchase Agreement,
     or (ix) as permitted by Section 4.3(b);

               (d) declare or pay any dividends, other than dividends paid by a
     Subsidiary of the Company to the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company and
     other than the Transaction Dividend as defined in, and on the terms
     described in, the Stock Purchase Agreement;

               (e) repurchase any of the Equity Securities of the Company,
     except for repurchases of Preferred Stock pursuant to a "Put Offer"
     pursuant to the Certificate of Designations, repurchases of Preferred Stock
     and Common Stock in accordance with Section 4.4(c), 4.5(a) or 4.7 hereof
     and repurchases of shares of Common Stock held by employees of the Company
     upon termination of their employment with the Company or its Subsidiaries
     or upon their death, in a manner consistent with the Company's past
     practices;

               (f) engage in (i) any Change of Control Transaction or (ii) any
     sale of the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of
     $25 million, other than sales of inventory and equipment in the ordinary
     course of business;

               (g) acquire any assets or business, by merger, stock or asset
     purchase or otherwise, other than (A) inventory and equipment acquired in
     the ordinary course of business in a manner consistent with the Company's
     past practices, and (B) Permitted Acquisitions;

               (h) make any assignment for the benefit of creditors of the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries or commence or authorize any proceedings
     by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under any bankruptcy,
     reorganization, insolvency, receivership or other similar law or statute;

               (i) increase or decrease the number of Directors;

               (j) beginning with the annual operating budget for fiscal year
     2005 and continuing thereafter, adopt an annual operating budget for the
     Company and its Subsidiaries, or make any expenditures during an applicable
     fiscal year that, together with other expenditures under the approved
     operating budget for a fiscal year, would be in excess of 120% of the
     amount contained in the approved budget;

               (k) enter into or amend in any material respect any employment
     arrangement with any person that is or would be a member of the senior
     management of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

                                       38

<PAGE>

               (l) make any material change or alteration in the wage, salary,
     compensation, bonus, incentives, pension or other benefits payable or
     otherwise due to any Executive Officer of the Company or any Subsidiary;

               (m) make or cause to be made any initial Public Offering of the
     securities of the Company or any Subsidiary;

               (n) amend the Certificate of Designation or the Certificate of
     Incorporation of the Company, whether by operation of law, by merger or
     otherwise;

               (o) consummate a Recap Event that is not governed by Section
     4.4(c) or 4.5 of this Agreement; or

               (p) any other action that requires a Special Board Approval under
     this Agreement;

provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the approval of a
Director designated by the Investcorp Investors shall not be required under (A)
Sections 4.3(b), (c), (f), (g), (j), (k), (l), (m) and (n) above, or (B) with
respect to those items requiring Special Board Approval under clause (c) of the
definition of "New Securities", the definition of Projected Adjusted Cash Flow,
Section 3.1(e) or Section 6.5(b) ((A) and (B) collectively, the "Fall-Away
Governance Rights"), at any time after the date on which the Investcorp
Investors, and their Permitted Transferees, collectively own or hold in the
aggregate a number of Equity Securities then outstanding (on an as-converted
basis) that is less than twenty percent (20%) of the total number of Outstanding
Equity Securities, and (ii) if an Approved Recapitalization is caused at the
election of the Existing Investors pursuant to Section 4.5(a) below and
immediately after giving effect to the consummation of such Approved
Recapitalization the Existing Investors own or hold in the aggregate a number of
Equity Securities and Designated Options that is less than twenty percent (20%)
of the total number of Outstanding Equity Securities, the approval of a Director
designated by the Harvest Funds shall no longer be required with respect to any
of the Fall-Away Governance Rights. Notwithstanding anything else to the
contrary in the Certificate of Designations, in connection with any Sale of the
Business (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) that requires Special
Board Approval or is otherwise approved by at least one director designated by
the Investcorp Investors, the Investcorp Investors agree that they cannot
exercise the Put Offer rights under Article 7 of the Certificate of
Designations.

          SECTION 4.4 Rights of Investcorp Investors.

          (a) At any time after the second anniversary of the date hereof, the
Investcorp Investors may demand that an independent valuation be performed on
the Company. Such independent valuation shall be performed by an investment
banking or valuation firm of national reputation independent of, and reasonably
acceptable to, the Investcorp Investors and the Harvest Funds (the "Independent
Firm"). The Company shall pay for all costs, fees and expenses associated with
such independent valuation, including, but not limited to, all fees and expenses
of the Independent Firm. If the valuation performed by the Independent Firm
determines that the Equity Value of the Company, using a multiple no greater
than a 7.5 times the EBITDA of the Company for the latest twelve (12) month
period, is an amount less than the Threshold Amount,

                                       39

<PAGE>

the Investcorp Investors may, in their sole and absolute discretion, but
exercisable during no more than one Permissible Change Period, make changes to
the Executive Officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries, which changes shall
include, but not be limited to, the right to terminate the employment of such
persons or to change the authority, duties or responsibilities of such persons
(and upon such election to make such changes, subject to compliance with the
balance of this Section 4(a), the Company and the members of the Board of
Directors shall cause such desired changes to be made); provided, however, at
the earlier of such time as (i) seventy-five percent (75%) or more of the
Preferred Stock acquired by the Investcorp Investors in the Restructuring has
been repurchased by the Company or converted into Common Stock and (ii) the
Investcorp Investors collectively own or hold in the aggregate a number of
Equity Securities that is less than twenty percent (20%) of the total number of
Outstanding Equity Securities, any such changes to such Executive Officers shall
only be made by the Board. In connection with the exercise of the foregoing
rights, in the event the Investcorp Investors elect to replace the Chief
Executive Officer of Associated, the Company shall hire a nationally recognized
executive recruiting firm chosen by the Investcorp Investors and reasonably
acceptable to the Harvest Funds who shall be instructed to conduct a national
search for a replacement Chief Executive Officer (the "Replacement CEO"). The
executive search firm shall consult with the Harvest Funds and the Investcorp
Investors on a regular basis in connection with its efforts to locate the
Replacement CEO, including by providing status reports, resumes of potential
candidates and such other information as the Harvest Funds or the Investcorp
Investors may reasonably request. Prior to the selection of the Replacement CEO
by the Investcorp Investors, the Investcorp Investors shall consult with the
Harvest Funds and, in any event, the Replacement CEO shall be a person of good
character with substantial experience in running enterprises generally in the
building materials industry, who is not currently, and has not been within the
last five years, whether in an employment, advisory or other capacity, in a
professional or business relationship with the Investcorp Investors or any of
their Affiliates, and has no relationship, past or present, with the Investcorp
Investors and any of their Affiliates, on the one hand, or the Harvest Funds and
any of their Affiliates, on the other hand, that could reasonably be expected to
call into question the independence of such person from either the Investcorp
Investors and any of their Affiliates, on the one hand, or the Harvest Funds and
any of their Affiliates, on the other hand. The Harvest Funds shall have the
right to reject any candidate nominated by the Investcorp Investors as the
Replacement CEO for any reason whatsoever, which right may only be exercised by
the Harvest Funds one time. Upon selection of a Replacement CEO in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 4.4(a), the Replacement CEO shall become a
member of the Board of Directors effective upon commencement of employment.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 4.4 or in Section 4.3 to the
contrary, upon selection of the Replacement CEO, the Replacement CEO shall have
the authority, for a period of one year after the date such person commences
employment with Associated, to make such changes to the Executive Officers of
Associated as the Replacement CEO deems appropriate, and such changes shall not
require the separate consent of any members of the Board of Directors appointed
by the Harvest Funds.

          (b) If, for the period from January 1, 2005 through December 31, 2008,
the Adjusted Cash Flow of the Company and its Subsidiaries is less than seventy
percent (70%) of the Projected Adjusted Cash Flow of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, the Investcorp Investors may notify the Company, at any time from
the earlier of (i) the date on which the audited financial statements for the
fiscal year ending on or about December 31, 2008 have been certified

                                       40

<PAGE>

by the Company's independent public accountants and (ii) March 31, 2009, through
December 31, 2009, that they intend to initiate a process that could result in a
Drag Along Event. Upon receipt of such notice, the Company shall engage an
investment banking firm reasonably satisfactory to the Investcorp Investors and
take such other steps as it or the Investcorp Investors determine are reasonably
necessary or appropriate to initiate a process that could result in a Drag Along
Event. The Company shall pay for all costs, fees and expenses associated with
such Drag Along Event, including, but not limited to, all fees and expenses of
the investment banking firm and the fees and expenses of the Stockholders. Upon
receipt from the retained investment bank of a range of reasonable Equity Values
for the Company, the Investcorp Investors shall provide a further notice to the
Company as to whether the Investcorp Investors intend to pursue a Drag Along
Event. For a period of sixty (60) days after receipt of such latter notice, the
Harvest Funds, any Permitted Transferee or any other Person designated by the
Harvest Funds and the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to
purchase all, but not less than all, of the outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock and Common Stock owned or held by the Investcorp Investors (the
"Preemptive Purchase") at a price per share payable in cash equal to the
Retained Liquidation Preference, net of any dividends declared but unpaid on a
share of Preferred Stock as of the date of the Preemptive Purchase, provided the
record date for such dividend occurs prior to the date of the Preemptive
Purchase (it being understood that any such declared but unpaid dividends shall
be payable to the holder of such Capital Stock at the applicable record date).
At the earlier of such time as (A) seventy-five percent (75%) or more of the
Preferred Stock acquired by the Investcorp Investors in the Restructuring has
been repurchased by the Company or converted into Common Stock and (B) the
Investcorp Investors collectively own or hold in the aggregate a number of
Equity Securities that is less than twenty percent (20%) of the total number of
Outstanding Equity Securities, the rights granted to the Investcorp Investors
pursuant to this Section 4.4(b) shall terminate.

          (c) At any time after July 15, 2007, the Investcorp Investors may
notify the Company that they intend to cause the Company, or request that the
Board cause the Company, to initiate a process that could result in an Approved
Recapitalization. Upon receipt of such notice, the Company will engage an
investment banking firm to determine the Equity Value of the Company and to take
such other steps as it or the Investcorp Investors determine are reasonably
necessary or appropriate to effect such Approved Recapitalization. The Company
shall pay for all costs, fees and expenses associated with such Approved
Recapitalization, including, but not limited to, all fees and expenses of the
investment banking firm and the fees and expenses of the Stockholders. The
equity valuation to be used in and the amount and distribution of net proceeds
of any Approved Recapitalization effected pursuant to this Section 4.4(c) shall
be governed by Section 4.7.

          (d) In connection with a transaction contemplated by Section 4.4(b) or
(c), each Stockholder hereby agrees, at the request of the Investcorp Investors,
to take such actions and execute and deliver such documents (and to instruct the
Company and its Subsidiaries to take such actions and execute such documents) as
the Investcorp Investors may reasonably deem necessary or appropriate in order
to consummate such transaction.

          (e) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 4.4 to the contrary, (i)
the rights under subsections (a), (b) and (c) of this Section 4.4 shall each
only be exercised once during the term of this Agreement (provided that no such
exercise that does not result in the consummation

                                       41

<PAGE>

of the desired action or transaction shall count as an exercise of any such
rights, but in no event shall the failure of the consummation of the desired
action or transaction extend the time period under which the Investcorp
Investors may exercise any such right or take any such action, unless the
Company or the Existing Investors shall have materially breached their
obligations under this Agreement to facilitate any such desired action or
transaction, in which case any such time periods shall be extended by a number
of days equal to the duration of such material breach), (ii) the right under
Section 4.4(c) shall not be exercised following the exercise of the right under
Section 4.4(b) and (iii), provided the Investcorp Investors have received
proceeds equal to at least the Target Amount under an Approved Recapitalization
under Section 4.4(c), the right under Section 4.4(b) shall not be exercised
following the exercise of the right under Section 4.4(c).

          SECTION 4.5 Rights of Existing Investors.

          (a) If, at any time after July 15, 2007, the Equity Value of the
Company exceeds $815,000,000, the Existing Investors may, at their option, cause
the Company, or request that the Board cause the Company, to execute an Approved
Recapitalization. Upon receipt of such notice, the Company will engage an
investment banking firm and take such other steps as it or the Existing
Investors determine are reasonably necessary or appropriate to effect such
Approved Recapitalization. Such Equity Value shall be determined by an
Independent Firm chosen by the Investcorp Investors (the "First Valuation");
provided, however, that if the Existing Investors notify the Investcorp
Investors within ten (10) days of their receipt of the First Valuation that such
Existing Investors disagree with the First Valuation, then the Existing
Investors may elect to chose an Independent Firm to determine the Equity Value
of the Company (the "Second Valuation") and such Second Valuation shall be
completed promptly; provided further, however, that if the Existing Investors
and the Investcorp Investors are unable to agree on the Equity Value of the
Company based upon the First Valuation and the Second Valuation within ten (10)
days of the Investcorp Investors' receipt of the Second Valuation, then the
Existing Investors and the Investcorp Investors shall jointly chose a third
Independent Firm to determine the Equity Value of the Company (the "Third
Valuation") and such Third Valuation shall be completed promptly. The Company
shall pay for all costs, fees and expenses associated with such Approved
Recapitalization, including, but not limited to, all fees and expenses of all
valuations and the fees and expenses of the Stockholders.

          (b) If the Existing Investors fail to notify the Investcorp Investors
of their disagreement with the First Valuation within ten (10) days of their
receipt thereof, then the Equity Value set forth in the First Valuation shall be
the Equity Value of the Company for purposes of this Section 4.5. If the
Investcorp Investors fail to notify the Existing Investors of their disagreement
with the Second Valuation within ten (10) days of their receipt thereof, then
the Equity Value set forth in the Second Valuation shall be Equity Value of the
Company for purposes of this Section 4.5. If the Existing Investors and the
Investcorp Investors elect to obtain a Third Valuation, then the Existing
Investors and the Investcorp Investors agree that for purposes of this Section
4.5 the Equity Value of the Company shall be an amount equal to the sum of the
First Valuation, the Second Valuation and the Third Valuation, divided by three
(3).

          (c) In connection with a transaction contemplated by Section 4.5(a),
each Stockholder hereby agrees, at the request of the Harvest Funds, to take
such actions and execute

                                       42

<PAGE>

and deliver such documents (and to instruct the Company and its Subsidiaries to
take such actions and execute such documents) as the Harvest Funds may
reasonably deem necessary or appropriate in order to consummate such
transaction. The equity valuation to be used in and the amount and distribution
of net proceeds of any Approved Recapitalization effected pursuant to this
Section 4.5 shall be governed by Section 4.7.

          SECTION 4.6 Additional Mutual Rights.

          (a) At any time after the fifth anniversary of the date hereof, either
the Investcorp Investors or the Harvest Funds (pursuant to the rights granted to
the Drag Seller under Section 2.4(b)) may notify (the first to notify being a
"Notifying Stockholder") the Company and the other Stockholders (the "Receiving
Stockholders") that they intend to initiate a process that could result in a
Drag Along Event. Upon receipt of such notice, the Company will engage an
investment banking firm and take such other steps as it or the Notifying
Stockholder reasonably determines are necessary or appropriate to effect such
Drag Along Event. The Company shall pay for all costs, fees and expenses
associated with such Drag Along Event, including, but not limited to, all fees
and expenses of the investment banking firm and the fees and expenses of the
Stockholders.

          (b) In connection with a transaction contemplated by Section 4.6(a),
each Receiving Stockholder hereby agrees, at the request of the Notifying
Stockholder, to take such actions and execute and deliver such documents (and to
instruct the Company and its Subsidiaries to take such actions and execute such
documents) as the Notifying Stockholder may reasonably deem necessary or
appropriate in order to consummate such transaction.

          (c) In the event that the Investcorp Investors initiate a process that
could result in a Drag Along Event pursuant to this Section 4.6 or Section
4.4(b) in which the net proceeds available upon consummation of the Drag Along
Event is reasonably likely to be less than $300,000,000, then the Investcorp
Investors shall (i) retain, at the Company's expense, an investment banking or
valuation firm of national reputation reasonably acceptable to the Harvest
Funds, (ii) cause such firm to consult with the Harvest Funds and the Investcorp
Investors on a regular basis in connection with its valuation efforts, and
provide such information as the Harvest Funds or the Investcorp Investors may
reasonably request and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to get the best
reasonably available price, within a commercially reasonable period of time, for
the Equity Securities to be Transferred in connection with the Drag Along Event.

          SECTION 4.7 Recapitalizations.

          (a) The parties agree that any Recapitalization will be accomplished
by means of a repurchase of Equity Securities in accordance with this Agreement,
and not by means of a dividend or other distribution.

          (b) In connection with any Recapitalization (including, but not
limited to, an Approved Recapitalization) (a "Recap Event"), the Equity Value of
the Company shall be determined as follows:

                                       43

<PAGE>

          (i) if the Recap Event is not governed by Sections 4.4(c) or 4.5
     hereof, the Equity Value of the Company shall be determined by an
     Independent Firm chosen by the Board and approved with a Special Board
     Approval (a "Company Recap Event"),

          (ii) if the Recap Event is governed by Section 4.4(c) hereof, the
     Equity Value of the Company shall be determined in accordance with Section
     4.4(c) (an "Investcorp Recap Event"), and

          (iii) if the Recap Event is governed by Section 4.5 hereof, the Equity
     Value of the Company shall be determined in accordance with Section 4.5 (an
     "Existing Investor Recap Event").

          (c) The amount of the net proceeds from a Recap Event that shall be
used to repurchase the Equity Securities of the Stockholders (the "Recap Event
Amount") (i) in the case of a Company Recap Event, shall be determined by the
Board and approved with a Special Board Approval and (ii) in the case of an
Investcorp Recap Event or an Existing Investor Recap Event, shall be the maximum
amount which can be raised by the incurrence of indebtedness meeting the
conditions of clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the definition of "Approved
Recapitalization."

          (d) The Company shall use the Recap Event Amount to repurchase Equity
Securities of the Stockholders as follows:

          (i) First, the Company shall repurchase from the Investcorp Investors
     shares of Preferred Stock at the Per Share Price, pro rata, in proportion
     to the shares of Preferred Stock owned or held by such Investcorp
     Investors, provided that the aggregate amount paid pursuant to this clause
     shall not exceed the Retained Liquidation Preference, multiplied by the
     number of shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding, and provided further
     that, in the case of an Existing Investor Recap Event, each Investcorp
     Investor shall be entitled to elect not to sell any or all of its shares
     otherwise subject to repurchase under this clause and under clause (iii)
     below;

          (ii) Second, to the extent the Recap Event Amount exceeds the amount
     to be paid pursuant to clause (i) above, the Company shall repurchase from
     the Existing Investors Equity Securities (and, to the extent the Board
     approves their repurchase in connection with such Recap Event, Options or
     Stock Options then held by the Existing Investors) at the Per Share Price
     (net of the exercise price for any such Options or Stock Options), pro
     rata, in proportion to the Equity Securities (including any such Options or
     Stock Options participating in such Recap Event upon Board approval) owned
     or held by such Existing Investors, provided that the aggregate amount paid
     pursuant to this clause shall not exceed the Target Amount (which amount
     shall be reduced by all amounts paid to the Existing Investors pursuant to
     this clause (ii) upon repurchase of Equity Securities in connection with
     prior Recap Events), provided, that in the case of an Investcorp Recap
     Event, each Existing Investor shall be entitled to elect not to sell all or
     any of its shares otherwise subject to repurchase under this clause and
     under clause (iii) below; and

                                       44
<PAGE>

          (iii) Third, the remaining portion of the Recap Event Amount, if any,
     shall be used to repurchase Equity Securities (and, to the extent the Board
     approves their repurchase in connection with such Recap Event, Options or
     Stock Options then held by Stockholders) at the Per Share Price (net of the
     exercise price for any such Options or Stock Options) from all Stockholders
     (including holders of Preferred Stock not repurchased pursuant to clause
     (i) above) that elect to have their Equity Securities (and, to the extent
     applicable, Options or Stock Options) repurchased, pro rata, in proportion
     to the number of such Equity Securities (including any such Options or
     Stock Options participating in such Recap Event upon Board approval) owned
     or held by such Stockholders (giving effect to the conversion of the
     Preferred Stock and to the repurchase of Equity Securities pursuant to
     clauses (i) and (ii) above).

          (e) Notwithstanding anything in the Certificate of Designations to the
contrary, in connection with a Recap Event in which the Investcorp Investors are
entitled to receive the amounts specified in Section 4.7(d), the Investcorp
Investors shall not be entitled to exercise their right to require a Put Offer
to be made pursuant to Section 7.1 of the Certificate of Designations.

          SECTION 4.8 Mezzanine Notes. The Company hereby covenants that it
shall cause each of Associated, AMHI and Holdings, to the extent permissible
under the applicable Indentures and applicable law, to declare and pay dividends
in such amounts that enable the Company to timely and fully make all interest
payments owing on the Mezzanine Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, at any
time during the period of five (5) years after the date hereof, Holdings shall
not be permitted under the Indentures to make "Restricted Payments" (as defined
in the Indentures) in an amount equal to the amount required to pay accrued
interest payable in cash on the Mezzanine Notes in full as and when due, the
Investcorp Investors shall purchase, on or before the due date of such interest,
at an issue price of one hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount,
Mezzanine Notes in an aggregate principal amount sufficient to pay, together
with the amount of any Restricted Payments that are then permitted to be paid,
all such accrued interest payable in cash; provided, however, that the aggregate
amount paid by the Investcorp Investors for any such Mezzanine Notes shall not
exceed $7,500,000.

                                   ARTICLE V

                           CERTAIN REGULATORY MATTERS

          SECTION 5.1 Regulatory Problem. Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that, at any time, the continued
holding by any Regulated Stockholder or any of its Affiliates of some or all of
the Equity Securities or any other securities of the Company held by it, at such
time, will result in a Regulatory Problem, such Regulated Stockholder or such
Affiliate shall promptly notify the Company and explain in reasonable detail the
facts which have given rise to the Regulatory Problem and such Regulated
Stockholder or such Affiliate shall use all reasonable best efforts to cure such
Regulatory Problem (including, but not limited to, transferring such Equity
Securities or other securities to an Affiliate of such Regulated Stockholder,
holding non-voting securities, or relinquishing the right to enforce certain or
all protective covenants, if any, in favor of such Regulated Shareholder

                                       45
<PAGE>

or such Affiliate) and thereafter may, subject to compliance with Article II,
promptly sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of such securities. In connection
with the foregoing sentence, if requested by such Regulated Stockholder or such
Affiliate, the Company shall cooperate with such Regulated Stockholder or such
Affiliate (a) in disposing of such securities to a third party or (b) exchanging
all or any portion of such securities on a share-for-share basis for shares of a
non-voting security of the Company (such non-voting security to be identical in
all respects to such voting securities or other securities, except that they
shall be non-voting and shall be convertible or exercisable into voting
securities on such conditions as are requested by such Regulated Stockholder in
light of the regulatory considerations prevailing). Without limiting the
foregoing, at the request of such Regulated Stockholder or such Affiliate, the
Company shall provide (and authorize such Regulated Stockholder or such
Affiliate to provide) financial and other information concerning the Company to
any prospective purchaser of such securities owned by such Regulated Stockholder
or such Affiliate, and shall amend this Agreement, the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Company, the by-laws of the Company, and any related
agreements and instruments and take any additional actions in order to
effectuate and reflect the foregoing. The Company shall not be required to
provide any such information unless the recipient thereof signs a
confidentiality agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                                 MISCELLANEOUS

          SECTION 6.1 Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire
agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof
and supersedes all prior arrangements or understandings (whether written or
oral) with respect thereto.

          SECTION 6.2 Captions; Rules of Interpretation. The Article and Section
captions used herein are for reference purposes only and shall not in any way
affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. When a reference is made
in this Agreement to an Article, Section, Exhibit or Schedule, such reference is
to an Article or Section of, or a Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise
indicated. Whenever the words "include," "includes" or "including" are used in
this Agreement, they are deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation." The words "hereof," "herein" and "hereunder" and words of similar
import, when used in this Agreement, refer to this Agreement as a whole and not
to any particular provision of this Agreement. The definitions contained in this
Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such
terms. The use of "or" is not intended to be exclusive unless expressly
indicated otherwise.

          SECTION 6.3 Counterparts. For the convenience of the parties, any
number of counterparts of this Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto
and each such executed counterpart shall be deemed to be an original instrument.

          SECTION 6.4 Notices. All notices, consents, requests, instructions,
approvals and other communications provided for herein and all legal process in
regard hereto shall be validly given, made or served, if in writing and
delivered by personal delivery, overnight courier or registered or certified
mail, return-receipt requested and postage prepaid addressed as follows:

                                       46
<PAGE>

     If to the Company, to:

          AMH Holdings II, Inc.
          3737 State Road
          Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio  44223
          Attention:  Chief Financial Officer
          Facsimile:  (330) 922-2312

     with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

          Harvest Partners, Inc.
          280 Park Avenue, 33rd Floor
          New York, NY  10017
          Attention:  Ira D. Kleinman
                      Christopher D. Whalen
          Facsimile:  (212) 812-0100

          and

          White & Case LLP
          1155 Avenue of the Americas
          New York, New York  10036
          Attention:  John M. Reiss, Esq.
                      Oliver C. Brahmst, Esq.
          Facsimile:  (212) 354-8113

     with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

          Investcorp Management Service Limited
          c/o Investcorp Bank B.S.C.
          P.O. Box 5340
          Investcorp House
          Manama, Bahrain
          Attention:  Gary S. Long
          Facsimile:  011-973-536-541

     with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

          Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
          200 Park Avenue
          New York, NY 10166
          Attention:  E. Michael Greaney, Esq.
          Facsimile:  (212) 351-4035

                                       47

<PAGE>

     If to any Harvest Fund, to:

          c/o Harvest Partners, Inc.
          280 Park Avenue, 33rd Floor
          New York, NY  10017
          Attention:  Ira D. Kleinman
                      Christopher D. Whalen
          Facsimile:  (212) 812-0100

     with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to its counsel:

          White & Case LLP
          1155 Avenue of the Americas
          New York, New York  10036
          Attention:  John M. Reiss, Esq.
                      Oliver C. Brahmst, Esq.
          Facsimile:  (212) 354-8113

     If to the Investcorp Investors, to:

          Investcorp Management Service Limited
          c/o Investcorp Bank B.S.C.
          P.O. Box 5340
          Investcorp House
          Manama, Bahrain
          Attention:  Gary S. Long
          Facsimile:  011-973-536-541

     with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

          Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
          200 Park Avenue
          New York, NY 10166
          Attention:  E. Michael Greaney, Esq.
          Facsimile:  (212) 351-4035

and if to any of the Financial Investors or the Management Stockholders, to the
addresses set forth opposite each of their names on Schedule II or, as the case
may be, Schedule III attached hereto (or included in any joinder to this
Agreement), or to such other address as any such party hereto may, from time to
time, designate in writing to all other parties hereto, and any such
communication shall be deemed to be given, made or served as of the date so
delivered or, in the case of any communication delivered by mail, as of the date
so received.

          SECTION 6.5 Successors and Assigns; Additional Stockholders.

          (a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the Company, the Stockholders and their respective successors, assigns and
Permitted Transferees. The rights of a Stockholder, a Financial Investor, a
Management Stockholder, an Investcorp

                                       48
<PAGE>

Investor or a Harvest Fund under this Agreement may not be assigned or otherwise
conveyed by any Stockholder, except in connection with a Transfer of Equity
Securities which, until termination of Article II pursuant to Section 6.10, is
in compliance with this Agreement.

          (b) At the election of the Board pursuant to a Special Board Approval,
any holder of Equity Securities may become a party to this Agreement as a
Stockholder upon execution of a joinder to this Agreement by such holder;
provided, however, that Special Board Approval shall not be required for Persons
to become parties to this Agreement (i) who acquire Capital Stock of the Company
upon the exercise of Stock Options or (ii) pursuant to the provisions of Section
2.2(b) above.

          SECTION 6.6 GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND
CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK,
WITHOUT REGARD TO SUCH STATE'S CHOICE OF LAW PROVISIONS.

          SECTION 6.7 Submission to Jurisdiction.

          (a) Each of the parties hereto, other than TGF, hereby irrevocably
acknowledges and consents that any legal action or proceeding brought with
respect to any of the obligations arising under or relating to this Agreement
may be brought in the courts of the State of New York or in the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York and each of the parties
hereto, other than TGF, hereby irrevocably submits to and accepts with regard to
any such action or proceeding, for itself and in respect of its property,
generally and unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid
courts. Each party, other than TGF, hereby further irrevocably waives any claim
that any such courts lack jurisdiction over such party, and agrees not to plead
or claim, in any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement or
the transactions contemplated hereby brought in any of the aforesaid courts,
that any such court lacks jurisdiction over such party. Each party, other than
TGF, irrevocably consents to the service of process in any such action or
proceeding by the mailing of copies thereof by registered or certified mail,
postage prepaid, to such party, at its address for notices set forth in Section
6.4, such service to become effective ten (10) days after such mailing. Each
party, other than TGF, hereby irrevocably waives any objection to such service
of process and further irrevocably waives and agrees not to plead or claim in
any action or proceeding commenced hereunder or under any other documents
contemplated hereby that service of process was in any way invalid or
ineffective. Subject to Section 6.7(b), the foregoing shall not limit the rights
of any party to serve process in any other manner permitted by Applicable Law.
The foregoing consents to jurisdiction shall not constitute general consents to
service of process in the State of New York for any purpose except as provided
above and shall not be deemed to confer rights on any Person other than the
respective parties to this Agreement.

          (b) Each of the parties, other than TGF, hereto hereby waives any
right it may have under the laws of any jurisdiction to commence by publication
any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement. To the fullest
extent permitted by Applicable Law, each of the parties hereto hereby
irrevocably

                                       49
<PAGE>

waives the objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the
venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Agreement in any of the courts referred to in Section 6.7(a) and hereby further
irrevocably waives and agrees not to plead or claim that any such court is not a
convenient forum for any such suit, action or proceeding.

          (c) The parties hereto agree that any judgment obtained by any party
hereto or its successors or assigns or Permitted Transferees in any action, suit
or proceeding referred to above may, in the discretion of such party (or its
successors or assigns or Permitted Transferees), be enforced in any
jurisdiction, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law.

          (d) The parties hereto agree that the remedy at law for any breach of
this Agreement may be inadequate and that should any dispute arise concerning
the sale or disposition of any Securities or the voting thereof or any other
similar matter hereunder, this Agreement shall be enforceable in a court of
equity by an injunction or a decree of specific performance. Such remedies
shall, however, be cumulative and nonexclusive, and shall be in addition to any
other remedies which the parties hereto may have.

          SECTION 6.8 Remedies; Jury Trial.

          (a) The parties hereto agree that the remedy at law for any breach of
this Agreement may be inadequate and that should any dispute arise concerning
the sale or disposition of any securities or the voting thereof or any other
similar matter hereunder, this Agreement shall be enforceable in a court of
equity by an injunction or a decree of specific performance. Such remedies
shall, however, be cumulative and nonexclusive, and shall be in addition to any
other remedies which the parties hereto may have.

          (b) The parties hereto waive all right to trial by jury in any action
or proceeding to enforce or defend any rights under this Agreement.

          SECTION 6.9 Benefits Only to Parties. Nothing expressed by or
mentioned in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any
Person, other than Persons indemnified pursuant to Section 3.7, the parties
hereto and their respective successors or assigns and Permitted Transferees, any
legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement
or any provision herein contained, this Agreement and all conditions and
provisions hereof being intended to be and being for the sole and exclusive
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns and
Permitted Transferees, and for the benefit of no other Person.

          SECTION 6.10 Termination; Survival of Benefits. This Agreement shall
terminate on the closing of an initial Public Offering; provided, however, that
(a) Article VI and (b) the rights and obligations of the Stockholders and the
Company under Article III shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

          SECTION 6.11 Publicity. None of the parties hereto shall issue or
cause to be issued any press release or make or cause to be made any other
public statement or disclosure in each case relating to or connected with or
arising out of this Agreement or the matters contained herein, without obtaining
the prior written consent of parties mentioned in such press release or public
disclosure or statement and the Company in advance to the contents and the
manner of presentation and publication thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
each of the parties hereto may, in documents required to be filed by it with the
SEC or other regulatory bodies, make such

                                       50
<PAGE>

statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby as each may be
advised by counsel is legally necessary or advisable, and may make such
disclosure as it is advised by its counsel is required by Applicable Law.

          SECTION 6.12 Confidentiality. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees
that throughout the term of this Agreement it shall keep (and shall cause its
directors, officers, employees, representatives and outside advisors and its
Affiliates to keep) all non-public information received as a Stockholder
relating to the Company (including any such information received prior to the
date hereof) confidential except information which (a) becomes known to such
Stockholder from a source, other than the Company, its directors, officers,
employees, representatives or outside advisors, which source is not obligated to
the Company to keep such information confidential or (b) becomes generally
available to the public through no breach of this Agreement by any party hereto.
Each of the parties hereto agrees that such non-public information (i) shall be
communicated only to those of its directors, officers, employees,
representatives, outside advisors and Affiliates who need to know such
non-public information and for the Financial Investors and the Investcorp
Investors to their investors, partners and members in a manner consistent with
past practice, and, if requested, to rating agencies and, if required by law,
applicable regulatory authorities and (ii) will not be used by such party or its
directors, officers, employees, representatives, outside advisors, Affiliates,
investors, partners or members either to, directly or indirectly, compete with
the Company or to conduct itself in a manner inconsistent with the antitrust
laws of the United States or any State. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a party
hereto may disclose non-public information if required to do so by a court of
competent jurisdiction or by any governmental agency; provided, however, that if
legally permissible prompt notice of such required disclosure shall be given to
the Company and the Harvest Funds prior to the making of such disclosure so that
the Company and/or the Harvest Funds may seek a protective order or other
appropriate remedy. In the event that such protective order or other remedy is
not obtained, the party hereto required to disclose the non-public information
will disclose only that portion which such party is advised by opinion of
counsel is legally required to be disclosed and will request that confidential
treatment be accorded such portion of the non-public information.

          SECTION 6.13 Expenses. The Company shall reimburse each of the
respective members of its Board and Board observers pursuant hereto who are not
employees of the Company for their travel and out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with their serving on the Board. Employees of the Company who incur
expenses in connection with their attendance of meetings of the Board in the
performance of their duties shall also be reimbursed in accordance with the
Company's usual expense reimbursement policies.

          SECTION 6.14 Amendments; Waivers. The failure of any party to seek
redress for the violation of or to insist upon the strict performance of any
term of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such term and such party
shall be entitled to enforce such term without regard to such forbearance. This
Agreement may be amended, each party hereto may take any action herein
prohibited or omit to take action herein required to be performed by it, and any
breach of or compliance with any covenant, agreement, warranty or representation
may be waived, only by the prior written consent or written waiver of the
Company, the Investcorp Investors, the Harvest Funds and at least a majority in
interests of the Requisite Disinterested Holders; provided, however, that no
amendment, modification or waiver shall adversely and

                                       51
<PAGE>

disproportionately affect the rights of any Stockholder without such
Stockholder's prior written consent.

          SECTION 6.15 Transactions with Affiliates.

          (a) Any Stockholder and any of its Affiliates may engage in or possess
an interest in any other business venture of any kind, nature or description,
independently or with others, whether or not such ventures are competitive with
the Company or its Subsidiaries, notwithstanding that representatives of such
Stockholder or any of their Affiliates may be serving as a Director of the
Company or its Subsidiaries. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to
prohibit any Stockholder or any of their Affiliates from dealing, or otherwise
engaging in business, with Persons transacting business with the Company or its
Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any Stockholder shall have any rights or
obligations by virtue of this Agreement, in or to any independent venture of any
other Stockholder or any of their Affiliates, or the income or profits or losses
or distributions derived therefrom, and such ventures shall not be deemed
wrongful or improper even if competitive with the business of the Company or its
Subsidiaries.

          (b) After the date hereof, the Company will not, and will not permit
any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction (other than for legal
services) with any Harvest Fund or any employee, officer, director or Affiliate
of any Harvest Fund, other than transactions which are on terms not
substantially less favorable to the Company or its Subsidiaries, as the case may
be, as it could obtain in a transaction with a party without a conflict of
interest, it being understood that a transaction approved by the Requisite
Disinterested Holders and the Investcorp Investors shall be deemed to be on
terms not substantially less favorable; provided, however, that this paragraph
(b) shall not prohibit the transactions contemplated by the amended and restated
management agreement to be executed by and between Harvest Partners, Inc. and
Associated as of the date hereof.

          (c) After the date hereof, the Company will not, and will not permit
any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction (other than for legal
services) with any Investcorp Investor or any employee, officer, director or
Affiliate of any Investcorp Investor, other than transactions which are on terms
not substantially less favorable to the Company or its Subsidiaries, as the case
may be, as it could obtain in a transaction with a party without a conflict of
interest, it being understood that a transaction approved by the Requisite
Disinterested Holders and the Harvest Funds shall be deemed to be on terms not
substantially less favorable; provided, however, that this paragraph (c) shall
not prohibit the transactions contemplated by the management agreements to be
executed by and between Investcorp International, Inc. and Associated as of the
date hereof.

          (d) Each of the Investcorp Investors covenants and agrees that
Investcorp Bank B.S.C. or one or more of its Affiliates (not including solely
for purposes of this Section 6.15(d) clause (c) of the definition of Affiliate)
will control, directly or indirectly, the voting and dispositive power with
respect to the Equity Securities held from time to time by the Investcorp
Investors.

                                       52
<PAGE>

          SECTION 6.16 Agreement Governs in Event of Conflict. In the event the
provisions of this Agreement conflict with or are inconsistent with the
provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, Certificate of Designations or
Bylaws of the Company, this Agreement shall govern.

                                  ARTICLE VII

                 TERMINATION OF HOLDINGS STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT

          SECTION 7.1 Termination of Holdings Stockholders Agreement. Holdings
and the Existing Investors hereby agree that the Holdings Stockholders Agreement
is hereby terminated in its entirety effective as of the date first above
written, notwithstanding the provisions of Section 6.10 of the Holdings
Stockholders Agreement. As a result of such termination, the Holdings
Stockholders Agreement shall forthwith be of no further force or effect.


                                *      *      *


                                       53
<PAGE>

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the date first set forth above.

                                      AMH HOLDINGS II, INC.


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                      AMH HOLDINGS, INC., for purposes of
                                        Section 7.1 only


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                      APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION, for
                                        purposes of Section 4.2 only

                                      By: Apollo Investment Management, L.P.,
                                           as Advisor

                                      By: ACC Management, LLC as its General
                                           Partner


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:

                                       54
<PAGE>

                                      HARVEST PARTNERS III, L.P.

                                      By:  Harvest Associates III, LLC,
                                           its general partner


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                      HARVEST PARTNERS III, GbR


                                      By:  Harvest Associates III, LLC,
                                           its general partner


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                      HARVEST PARTNERS IV, L.P.

                                      By:  Harvest Associates IV, LLC,
                                           its general partner

                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                      HARVEST PARTNERS IV GmbH & Co. KG

                                      By:  Harvest Associates IV, LLC,
                                           its general partner


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:

                                       55
<PAGE>

                                      AM HOLDING LIMITED


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                      AM EQUITY LIMITED


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                      AM INVESTMENTS LIMITED


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                      ASSOCIATED EQUITY LIMITED



                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:



                                      ASSOCIATED INVESTMENTS LIMITED



                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:

                                       56
<PAGE>

                                      BANCBOSTON CAPITAL INC.


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                      PRIVATE EQUITY PORTFOLIO FUND II, LLC


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                      GE CAPITAL EQUITY CAPITAL GROUP, INC.


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                      OLD HICKORY FUND I, LLC

                                      By:  PPM America, Inc.,
                                           its manager


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:



                                      PPM AMERICA PRIVATE EQUITY FUND L.P.

                                      By:  PPM America Capital Partners, LLC,
                                           its general partner


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:



                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:

                                       57
<PAGE>

                                      ABBOTT CAPITAL PRIVATE EQUITY FUND III,
                                        L.P.

                                      By:  Abbott Capital Private Equity
                                           Partners III, L.P., its general
                                           partner

                                           By: Abbott Capital Management, L.L.C.
                                               its general partner


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                      BNY PARTNERS FUND L.L.C.

                                      By:  BNY Private Investment Management,
                                           Inc., Member Manager


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                      NEW YORK LIFE CAPITAL PARTNERS II L.P.

                                      By:  NYLCAP Manager LLC, its Investment
                                           Manager


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                     THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE TEXAS GROWTH
                                        FUND II, AS TRUSTEE FOR THE TEXAS GROWTH
                                        FUND II - 1998 TRUST

                                      By:  TGF II Management, L.P., as
                                           Executive Director

                                      By:  TGF Management Corp., as
                                           General Partner


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                       58
<PAGE>

                                      WESTON PRESIDIO CAPITAL III, L.P.



                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                      WESTON PRESIDIO CAPITAL IV, L.P.



                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                      WPC ENTREPRENEUR FUND, L.P.


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                      WPC ENTREPRENEUR FUND II, L.P.


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                      LIBERTY MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY



                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:



                                      NATIONAL CITY EQUITY PARTNERS, INC.


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:

                                       59
<PAGE>

                                      GREAT LAKES CAPITAL INVESTMENTS IV, LLC




                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                      3755428 CANADA INC.


                                      By:_________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:

                                       60
<PAGE>

                            EXECUTIVE SIGNATURE PAGE



                                      ____________________________________
                                      MICHAEL CAPORALE, JR.



                                      ____________________________________
                                      KENNETH L. BLOOM



                                      ____________________________________
                                      D. KEITH LAVANWAY


<PAGE>
                                                                      SCHEDULE I


                               PREFERRED HOLDERS

AM Holding Limited

AM Equity Limited

AM Investments Limited

Associated Equity Limited

Associated Investments Limited

<PAGE>

                                                                     SCHEDULE II


                              FINANCIAL INVESTORS

Name                                         Notice Address

BancBoston Capital Inc.                      175 Federal Street, 10th Floor
                                             Boston, MA  02110
                                             Attention:  Timothy H. Robinson

Private Equity Portfolio Fund, II, LLC       175 Federal Street, 10th Floor
                                             Boston, MA  02110
                                             Attention:  John A. DeSisto

GE Capital Equity Capital Group, Inc.        Patrick Kocsi
                                             120 Long Ridge Road
                                             Stamford, CT  06927
                                             Facsimile:  203-357-6527

National City Equity Partners, Inc.          Steve Pattison
                                             Principal
                                             1965 E. 6th St.
                                             Suite 1010
                                             Cleveland, OH  44114

Great Lake Capital Investments, IV, L.L.C.   Steve Pattison
                                             Principal
                                             1965 E. 6th St.Suite 1010
                                             Cleveland, OH  44114

Liberty Mutual Insurance Company             175 Berkeley Street, 18G
                                             Boston, MA  02116
                                             Attention:  Jeff Moy

PPM America Private Equity Fund LP           c/o PPM America
                                             225 West Wacker Drive
                                             Suite 1200
                                             Chicago, IL  60606

Old Hickory Fund I, LLC                      c/o PPM America
                                             225 West Wacker Drive
                                             Suite 1200
                                             Chicago, IL  60606


<PAGE>

Abbott Capital Private Equity Fund III,      Abbott Capital Management, LLC
  L.P.                                       1211 Avenue of the Americas -
                                               Suite 4300
                                             New York, New York  10036

BNY Partners Fund L.L.C.                     c/o The Bank of New York
                                             1290 Avenue of the Americas
                                             New York, NY  10104
                                             Attention:  Burt Siegel

New York Life Capital Partners II L.P.       51 Madison Avenue
                                             Room 3009
                                             New York, NY  10010
                                             Attention:  Steven Beneveto

The Texas Growth Fund II - 1998 Trust        Barry Twomey
                                             TGF Management Corp.
                                             111 Congress St. 2900
                                             Austin, TX  78701
                                             Facsimile:  512 322-3101

Weston Presidio Capital III, L.P.            Kevin Hayes
Weston Presidio Capital IV, L.P.             Elise McGinty
WPC Entrepreneur Fund, L.P.                  200 Clarendon
WPC Entrepreneur Fund II, L.P.               50th Floor
                                             Boston, MA  02116
                                             (617) 928-2515 (Fax)

3755428 Canada Inc.                          Dennis W. Vollmershausen
                                             P.O. Box 23030
                                             Woodstock, Ontario
                                             Canada N4T 1R9
                                             (519) 537-8928 (Fax)

                                             3700 Crestwood Parkway NW
                                             Suite 1000
                                             Duluth, Georgia  30096

<PAGE>
                                  SCHEDULE III



                EQUITY SECURITIES TO BE HELD BY THE STOCKHOLDERS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                          Non-           Class A      Class A       Class B          Class B
                                                          Voting         Series I     Series II     Series I         Series II
                                                          Preferred      Common       Common        Common           Common
Investor                                       Voting     Stock          Stock        Stock         Stock            Stock
- -------                                        ------     ---------      --------     ---------     --------         ----------

<S>                                        <C>            <C>            <C>          <C>         <C>               <C>

Harvest III LP                                    0             0           0            0           131,978                 0
Harvest III GbR                                   0             0           0            0            18,022                 0
Harvest IV LP                                     0             0           0            0           273,000                 0
Harvest IV Kg                                     0             0           0            0            77,000                 0
BancBoston Capital Inc.                           0             0           0            0                 0            91,488
Private Equity Portfolio Fund II, LLC             0             0           0            0                 0            18,298
GE Capital Equity Capital Group Inc.              0             0           0            0                 0            73,190
National City Equity Partners, Inc.               0             0           0            0                 0            62,212
Great Lakes Capital Investments IV, LLC           0             0           0            0                 0            10,979
Liberty Mutual Insurance Company                  0             0           0            0                 0           137,232
Old Hickory Fund I LLC                            0             0           0            0                 0             1,372
PPM America Private Equity Fund LP                0             0           0            0                 0           181,603
Abbott Capital Private Equity Fund III            0             0           0            0                 0            56,000
BNY Partners Fund L.L.C.                          0             0           0            0                 0             4,000
New York Life Capital Partners II LP              0             0           0            0                 0           100,000
Texas Growth Fund                                 0             0           0            0                 0           182,976
Weston Presidio Capital III                       0             0           0            0                 0            65,992
Weston Presidio Capital IV                        0             0           0            0                 0           156,986
WPC Entrepreneur Fund, L.P.                       0             0           0            0                 0             3,256
WPC Entrepreneur Fund II, L.P.                    0             0           0            0                 0             2,485
Michael Caporale, Jr.                             0             0           0            0                 0            71,688
Kenneth L. Bloom                                  0             0           0            0                 0             6,426
D. Keith LaVanway                                 0             0           0            0                 0             6,688
3755428 Canada Inc.                               0             0           0            0                 0             1,319
AM Holding Limited                           46,664       150,635           0            0                 0                 0
AM Equity Limited                           113,334       365,846           0            0                 0                 0
AM Investments Limited                      113,334       365,846           0            0                 0                 0
Associated Equity Limited                   113,334       365,846           0            0                 0                 0
Associated Investments Limited              113,334       365,846           0            0                 0                 0
</TABLE>


<PAGE>


                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                            Page

                                   ARTICLE I

                              CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.1 Certain Definitions...............................................2

                                   ARTICLE II

                         TRANSFER OF EQUITY SECURITIES

SECTION 2.1 Restrictions.....................................................15
SECTION 2.2 Permitted Transfers..............................................17
SECTION 2.3 Tag-Along Rights.................................................18
SECTION 2.4 Drag-Along Rights................................................20
SECTION 2.5 Grant of Preemptive Rights to Stockholders.......................22

                                  ARTICLE III

                              REGISTRATION RIGHTS

SECTION 3.1 Required Registration............................................23
SECTION 3.2 Incidental Registration..........................................25
SECTION 3.3 Registration Procedures..........................................27
SECTION 3.4 Preparation; Reasonable Investigation............................30
SECTION 3.5 Rights of Requesting Holders.....................................30
SECTION 3.6 Registration Expenses............................................30
SECTION 3.7 Indemnification; Contribution....................................31
SECTION 3.8 Holdback Agreements; Registration Rights to Others...............33
SECTION 3.9 Availability of Information......................................33
SECTION 3.10 Additional Registration Rights..................................33

                                   ARTICLE IV

                       GOVERNANCE AND STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

SECTION 4.1 Board of Directors...............................................34
SECTION 4.2 Observation Rights...............................................37
SECTION 4.3 Certain Governance Matters.......................................37
SECTION 4.4 Rights of Investcorp Investors...................................40
SECTION 4.5 Rights of Existing Investors.....................................42
SECTION 4.6 Additional Mutual Rights.........................................43
SECTION 4.7 Recapitalizations................................................44
SECTION 4.8 Mezzanine Notes..................................................45

                                      i
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE V

                           CERTAIN REGULATORY MATTERS

SECTION 5.1 Regulatory Problem...............................................46

                                   ARTICLE VI

                                 MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 6.1 Entire Agreement.................................................46
SECTION 6.2 Captions; Rules of Interpretation................................46
SECTION 6.3 Counterparts.....................................................47
SECTION 6.4 Notices..........................................................47
SECTION 6.5 Successors and Assigns; Additional Stockholders..................49
SECTION 6.6 GOVERNING LAW....................................................49
SECTION 6.7 Submission to Jurisdiction.......................................49
SECTION 6.8 Remedies; Jury Trial.............................................50
SECTION 6.9 Benefits Only to Parties.........................................51
SECTION 6.10 Termination; Survival of Benefits...............................51
SECTION 6.11 Publicity.......................................................51
SECTION 6.12 Confidentiality.................................................51
SECTION 6.13 Expenses........................................................52
SECTION 6.14 Amendments; Waivers.............................................52
SECTION 6.15 Transaction with Affiliates.....................................52

                                  ARTICLE VII

                 TERMINATION OF HOLDINGS STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT

SECTION 7.1 Termination of Holdings Stockholders Agreement...................53

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>exh10-3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.3


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                  SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT,

                               December 22, 2004,
                                      among

                       ASSOCIATED MATERIALS INCORPORATED,
                    as the U.S. Borrower and as a Guarantor,

                        GENTEK BUILDING PRODUCTS LIMITED,
                            as the Canadian Borrower,

                               AMH HOLDINGS, INC.
                                       and
                       ASSOCIATED MATERIALS HOLDINGS INC.,
                              each as a Guarantor,

                VARIOUS FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AND OTHER PERSONS
                        FROM TIME TO TIME PARTIES HERETO,
                                 as the Lenders,

                            UBS AG, STAMFORD BRANCH,
                        as the U.S. Administrative Agent,

                       CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE,
                      as the Canadian Administrative Agent,

                         CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC.,
                            as the Syndication Agent,

                                       and
                      GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION,
                                       and
                               NATIONAL CITY BANK
                         as the Co-Documentation Agents

                               UBS SECURITIES LLC

                                       and

                         CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC.,
                           as the Joint Lead Arrangers

                           Cahill Gordon & Reindel LLP
                                 80 Pine Street
                            New York, New York 10005



- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

                                    ARTICLE I
                        DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

SECTION 1.1.        Defined Terms..............................................4
SECTION 1.2.        Use of Defined Terms......................................49
SECTION 1.3.        Cross-References..........................................49
SECTION 1.4.        Accounting and Financial Determinations...................49

                                   ARTICLE II
                       COMMITMENTS, BORROWING AND ISSUANCE
                     PROCEDURES, NOTES AND LETTERS OF CREDIT

SECTION 2.1.        Commitments...............................................50
SECTION 2.1.1.      Revolving Loan Commitments and Swing Line Loan
                      Commitments.............................................50
SECTION 2.1.2.      Letter of Credit Commitments..............................51
SECTION 2.1.3.      Term Loan Commitments.....................................53
SECTION 2.2.        Reduction of the Commitment Amounts.......................53
SECTION 2.3.        Borrowing Procedures......................................54
SECTION 2.3.1.      Borrowing Procedures......................................54
SECTION 2.3.2.      Swing Line Loan Borrowing Procedures......................54
SECTION 2.4.        Continuation and Conversion Elections.....................55
SECTION 2.4.1.      Converting Canadian Prime Rate Loans to, or Continuing
                      Canadian BAs as, Canadian BAs...........................56
SECTION 2.4.2.      Converting Canadian BAs to Canadian Prime Rate Loans......56
SECTION 2.5.        Funding...................................................56
SECTION 2.6.        Letter of Credit Issuance Procedures......................57
SECTION 2.6.1.      Other Lenders' Participation..............................57
SECTION 2.6.2.      Disbursements.............................................58
SECTION 2.6.3.      Reimbursement.............................................58
SECTION 2.6.4.      Deemed Disbursements......................................59
SECTION 2.6.5.      Nature of Reimbursement Obligations.......................59
SECTION 2.6.6.      Deemed Issuance of Existing Letters of Credit.............60
SECTION 2.7.        U.S. Register; U.S. Notes.................................60
SECTION 2.8.        Canadian Registers; Canadian Notes........................61
SECTION 2.9.        Canadian BAs..............................................63
SECTION 2.9.1.      Funding of Canadian BAs...................................63
SECTION 2.9.2.      Execution of Canadian BAs.................................63
SECTION 2.9.3.      Special Provisions Relating to Acceptance Notes...........64

                                   ARTICLE III
                   REPAYMENTS, PREPAYMENTS, INTEREST AND FEES

SECTION 3.1.        Repayments and Prepayments; Application...................64

                                      -i-
<PAGE>
                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

SECTION 3.1.1.      Repayments and Prepayments................................64
SECTION 3.1.2.      Application...............................................68
SECTION 3.2.        Interest Provisions.......................................68
SECTION 3.2.1.      Rates.....................................................68
SECTION 3.2.2.      Post-Maturity Rates.......................................69
SECTION 3.2.3.      Payment Dates.............................................69
SECTION 3.2.4.      Interest Act Provision....................................69
SECTION 3.3.        Fees......................................................70
SECTION 3.3.1.      Commitment Fee............................................70
SECTION 3.3.2.      Agents' Fee...............................................70
SECTION 3.3.3.      Letter of Credit Fees.....................................70

                                   ARTICLE IV
              CERTAIN EURODOLLAR, CANADIAN BA AND OTHER PROVISIONS

SECTION 4.1.        Eurodollar Lending Unlawful...............................71
SECTION 4.2.        Deposits Unavailable; Circumstances making Canadian BAs
                      Unavailable.............................................71
SECTION 4.3.        Increased Loan Costs, etc.................................72
SECTION 4.4.        Funding Losses............................................72
SECTION 4.5.        Increased Capital Costs...................................73
SECTION 4.6.        Taxes.....................................................73
SECTION 4.7.        Payments, Computations, etc...............................77
SECTION 4.8.        Sharing of Payments.......................................77
SECTION 4.9.        Setoff....................................................78
SECTION 4.10.       Replacement of Lenders....................................78
SECTION 4.11.       Change of Lending Office..................................79

                                    ARTICLE V
                         CONDITIONS TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS

SECTION 5.1.        [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]...................................79
SECTION 5.2.        All Credit Extensions.....................................79
SECTION 5.2.1.      Compliance with Warranties, No Default, etc...............79
SECTION 5.2.2.      Credit Extension Request, etc.............................79

                                   ARTICLE VI
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

SECTION 6.1.        Organization, etc.........................................80
SECTION 6.2.        Due Authorization, Non-Contravention, etc.................80
SECTION 6.3.        Government Approval, Regulation, etc......................81
SECTION 6.4.        Validity, etc.............................................81
SECTION 6.5.        Financial Information.....................................81
SECTION 6.6.        No Material Adverse Effect................................81
SECTION 6.7.        Litigation................................................81

                                      -ii-
<PAGE>
                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

SECTION 6.8.        Labor Matters.............................................82
SECTION 6.9.        Subsidiaries..............................................82
SECTION 6.10.       Ownership of Properties...................................82
SECTION 6.11.       Taxes.....................................................82
SECTION 6.12.       Pension and Welfare Plans.................................82
SECTION 6.13.       Environmental Warranties..................................84
SECTION 6.14.       Accuracy of Information...................................85
SECTION 6.15.       Regulations U and X.......................................86
SECTION 6.16.       Issuance of Subordinated Debt, Status of Obligations as
                      Senior Indebtedness, etc................................86
SECTION 6.17.       Solvency..................................................86
SECTION 6.18.       No Change of Control......................................86
SECTION 6.19.       Compliance with Parentholdco Guaranty.....................86

                                   ARTICLE VII
                                    COVENANTS

SECTION 7.1.        Affirmative Covenants.....................................86
SECTION 7.1.1.      Financial Information, Reports, Notices, etc..............87
SECTION 7.1.2.      Maintenance of Existence; Compliance with Laws, etc.......89
SECTION 7.1.3.      Maintenance of Properties.................................90
SECTION 7.1.4.      Insurance.................................................90
SECTION 7.1.5.      Bank Meeting; Books and Records...........................91
SECTION 7.1.6.      Environmental Law Covenant................................92
SECTION 7.1.7.      Use of Proceeds...........................................93
SECTION 7.1.8.      Mortgages.................................................93
SECTION 7.1.9.      Future Subsidiaries.......................................94
SECTION 7.1.10.     Additional Collateral; Insurance..........................97
SECTION 7.1.11.     Mortgage Amendments.......................................98
SECTION 7.1.12.     Maintenance of Corporate Separateness.....................99
SECTION 7.2.        Negative Covenants........................................99
SECTION 7.2.1.      Business Activities.......................................99
SECTION 7.2.2.      Indebtedness..............................................99
SECTION 7.2.3.      Liens....................................................102
SECTION 7.2.4.      Financial Condition and Operations.......................105
SECTION 7.2.5.      Investments..............................................106
SECTION 7.2.6.      Restricted Payments, etc.................................108
SECTION 7.2.7.      Capital Expenditures, etc................................111
SECTION 7.2.8.      No Prepayment of Subordinated Debt.......................112
SECTION 7.2.9.      Capital Stock of Subsidiaries............................112
SECTION 7.2.10.     Consolidation, Merger, Acquisitions, etc.................112
SECTION 7.2.11.     Permitted Dispositions...................................113
SECTION 7.2.12.     Modification of Certain Agreements.......................115
SECTION 7.2.13.     Transactions with Affiliates.............................115
SECTION 7.2.14.     Restrictive Agreements, etc..............................117
SECTION 7.2.15.     Sale and Leaseback.......................................117

                                     -iii-
<PAGE>
                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

SECTION 7.2.16.     Take or Pay Contracts....................................118
SECTION 7.2.17.     Fiscal Year..............................................118
SECTION 7.2.18.     Activities of Holdings...................................118

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                                EVENTS OF DEFAULT

SECTION 8.1.        Listing of Events of Default.............................118
SECTION 8.1.1.      Non Payments of Obligations..............................118
SECTION 8.1.2.      Breach of Warranty.......................................119
SECTION 8.1.3.      Non-Performance of Certain Covenants and Obligations.....119
SECTION 8.1.4.      Non-Performance of Other Covenants and Obligations.......119
SECTION 8.1.5.      Default on Other Indebtedness............................119
SECTION 8.1.6.      Judgments................................................119
SECTION 8.1.7.      Pension Plans............................................120
SECTION 8.1.8.      Change in Control........................................120
SECTION 8.1.9.      Bankruptcy, Insolvency, etc..............................120
SECTION 8.1.10.     Impairment of Security, etc..............................121
SECTION 8.1.11.     Failure of Subordination.................................121
SECTION 8.2.        Action if Bankruptcy.....................................121
SECTION 8.3.        Action if Any Event of Default...........................122

                                   ARTICLE IX
                                HOLDINGS GUARANTY

SECTION 9.1.        Guaranty.................................................122
SECTION 9.2.        Acceleration of Holdings Guaranty........................123
SECTION 9.3.        Guaranty Absolute, etc...................................123
SECTION 9.4.        Reinstatement, etc.......................................124
SECTION 9.5.        Waiver, etc..............................................124
SECTION 9.6.        Postponement of Subrogation, etc.........................124
SECTION 9.7.        Successors, Transferees and Assigns; Transfers of
                      Notes, etc.............................................125

                                    ARTICLE X
                             U.S. BORROWER GUARANTY

SECTION 10.1.       Guaranty.................................................125
SECTION 10.2.       Acceleration of U.S. Borrower Guaranty...................126
SECTION 10.3.       Guaranty Absolute, etc...................................126
SECTION 10.4.       Reinstatement, etc.......................................127
SECTION 10.5.       Waiver, etc..............................................127
SECTION 10.6.       Postponement of Subrogation, etc.........................127
SECTION 10.7.       Successors, Transferees and Assigns; Transfers of
                      Canadian Notes, etc....................................128

                                      -iv-
<PAGE>
                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

                                   ARTICLE XI
                                   THE AGENTS

SECTION 11.1.       Appointments and Authorizations; Actions.................128
SECTION 11.2.       Funding, Reliance, etc...................................130
SECTION 11.3.       Exculpation..............................................131
SECTION 11.4.       Successor................................................131
SECTION 11.5.       Credit Extensions by each Agent..........................132
SECTION 11.6.       Credit Decisions.........................................132
SECTION 11.7.       Copies, etc..............................................132
SECTION 11.8.       Reliance by Agents.......................................132
SECTION 11.9.       Notice of Defaults.......................................133

                                   ARTICLE XII
                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

SECTION 12.1.       Waivers, Amendments, etc.................................133
SECTION 12.2.       Notices; Time............................................136
SECTION 12.3.       Payment of Costs and Expenses............................136
SECTION 12.4.       Indemnification..........................................136
SECTION 12.5.       Survival.................................................138
SECTION 12.6.       Severability.............................................138
SECTION 12.7.       Headings.................................................138
SECTION 12.8.       Execution in Counterparts................................138
SECTION 12.9.       Governing Law; Entire Agreement..........................138
SECTION 12.10.      Successors and Assigns...................................139
SECTION 12.11.      Sale and Transfer of Credit Extensions; Participations
                      in Credit Extensions Notes.............................139
SECTION 12.12.      Other Transactions.......................................142
SECTION 12.13.      Independence of Covenants................................142
SECTION 12.14.      Judgment Currency........................................143
SECTION 12.15.      Forum Selection and Consent to Jurisdiction..............143
SECTION 12.16.      Waiver of Jury Trial.....................................144

EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT A-1    -    Form of U.S. Revolving Note
EXHIBIT A-2    -    Form of Canadian Revolving Note
EXHIBIT A-3    -    Form of U.S. Swing Line Note
EXHIBIT A-4    -    Form of Canadian Swing Line Note
EXHIBIT A-5    -    Form of Term Loan Note
EXHIBIT A-6    -    Form of Acceptance Note
EXHIBIT B-1    -    Form of U.S. Borrowing Request
EXHIBIT B-2    -    Form of Canadian Borrowing Request
EXHIBIT B-3    -    Form of U.S. Issuance Request
EXHIBIT B-4    -    Form of Canadian Issuance Request

                                      -v-
<PAGE>
                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

EXHIBIT C-1    -    Form of U.S. Continuation/Conversion Notice
EXHIBIT C-2    -    Form of Canadian Continuation/Conversion Notice
EXHIBIT D      -    Form of Amendment Effective Date Certificate
EXHIBIT E      -    Form of Compliance Certificate
EXHIBIT F-1    -    Form of U.S. Subsidiary Guaranty
EXHIBIT F-2    -    Form of Canadian Subsidiary Guaranty
EXHIBIT F-3    -    Form of Superholdco Guaranty
EXHIBIT G-1    -    Form of Holdings Pledge Agreement
EXHIBIT G-2    -    Form of U.S. Borrower Security and Pledge Agreement
EXHIBIT G-3    -    Form of U.S. Subsidiary Security and Pledge Agreement
EXHIBIT G-4    -    Form of Canadian Debenture
EXHIBIT G-5    -    Form of Canadian Pledge Agreement
EXHIBIT G-6    -    Form of Superholdco Pledge and Security Agreement
EXHIBIT H      -    Form of Perfection Certificate
EXHIBIT I      -    Form of Solvency Certificate
EXHIBIT J      -    Form of Interco Subordination Agreement
EXHIBIT K      -    Form of Lender Assignment Agreement

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE I     -    Disclosure Schedule
SCHEDULE II    -    Lender Percentages
SCHEDULE III   -    Addresses for Notices and Domestic Offices
SCHEDULE IV    -    Original Mortgages
SCHEDULE V     -    Certain EBITDA Addbacks

                                      -vi-
<PAGE>
                  SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

          THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of
December 22, 2004, is made by and among, ASSOCIATED MATERIALS INCORPORATED, a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of Delaware ("AMI" or the
"U.S. Borrower"), GENTEK BUILDING PRODUCTS LIMITED, a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of Ontario, Canada ("Gentek" or the "Canadian Borrower"
and, together with the U.S. Borrower, each a "Borrower" and collectively the
"Borrowers"), ASSOCIATED MATERIALS HOLDINGS INC., a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of Delaware ("Holdings"), AMH HOLDINGS, INC., a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of Delaware ("Superholdco"),
the various financial institutions and other Persons from time to time parties
hereto which extend a Commitment to the U.S. Borrower (the "U.S. Lenders"), the
various financial institutions and other Persons from time to time parties
hereto which extend a Commitment to the Canadian Borrower (the "Canadian
Lenders" and, together with the U.S. Lenders, the "Lenders"), UBS AG, STAMFORD
BRANCH, as administrative agent for the U.S. Lenders under the U.S. Facility (in
such capacity, the "U.S. Administrative Agent"), CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF
COMMERCE, as administrative agent for the Canadian Revolving Loan Lenders under
the Canadian Facility (in such capacity, the "Canadian Administrative Agent"
and, together with the U.S. Administrative Agent, the "Administrative Agents"),
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., as syndication agent (in such capacity, the
"Syndication Agent"), GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION and NATIONAL CITY
BANK, as co-documentation agents (in such capacity, the "Co-Documentation
Agents"), and UBS SECURITIES LLC and CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., as joint
lead arrangers (in such capacity, the "Joint Lead Arrangers").

                              W I T N E S S E T H :

          WHEREAS, Superholdco and certain other parties named therein entered
into that certain stock purchase agreement, dated as of December 5, 2004, as
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with
the provisions hereof and thereof (the "Stock Purchase Agreement") pursuant to
which certain affiliated entities of Investcorp S.A. ("Investcorp") and other
international investors will acquire, in the aggregate, a 50% voting and
economic interest in Superholdco (the "Equity Investment"), which in turn shall
be contributed to the equity of AMH Holdings II, Inc., a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of Delaware ("Parentholdco") for 50% of the voting
and economic interest of Parentholdco (the "Recapitalization");

          WHEREAS, AMI, Holdings, certain Lenders party thereto (the "Original
Lenders"), UBS Securities LLC and Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, as
joint lead arrangers, Credit Suisse First Boston, Cayman Islands Branch, as
syndication agent, CIBC World Markets Corp., as documentation agent and UBS AG,
Stamford Branch, as administrative agent for the Original Lenders, entered into
that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 29, 2003
and amended on March 19, 2004 (as further amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the "Original Credit
Agreement"), pursuant to which the Original Lenders made certain loans to the
Borrowers (the "Original Loans");

          WHEREAS, the Obligations (as defined in the Original Credit Agreement,
hereinafter the "Original Obligations") of AMI and the other Obligors under the
Original Credit

<PAGE>
Agreement and the other Loan Documents (as defined in the Original Credit
Agreement, such other Loan Documents hereinafter the "Original Collateral
Documents") are secured by certain collateral (hereinafter the "Original
Collateral") and are guaranteed or supported or otherwise benefited by the
Original Collateral Documents;

          WHEREAS, immediately prior to the Amendment Effective Date, Term Loans
(as defined in the Original Credit Agreement) in the aggregate principal amount
of $133,000,000 were outstanding under the Original Credit Agreement (the
"Original Term Loans");

          WHEREAS, the parties hereto wish to amend and restate the Original
Credit Agreement in its entirety to allow for transactions (collectively, the
"Transactions") which (a) provide for new senior secured term loans to the U.S.
Borrower in an aggregate principal amount of $175,000,000 (a portion of which
shall be applied to the repayment of the Original Term Loans), (b) permit the
Equity Investment, (c) reduce by 0.50% the Applicable Margin with respect to
each Term Loan, (d) permit Holdings, Borrowers and subsidiaries to make certain
Restricted Payments to (1) so long as no Default then exists or would arise
therefrom, make regularly scheduled interest payments required to be made on the
Parentholdco Notes (as defined below) and (2) make payments of such other
amounts required to be paid after the fifth anniversary of the issuance of the
Parentholdco Notes to avoid any "applicable high yield discount obligations", in
each case to the extent such payments are permitted by the Senior Subordinated
Note Indenture and the Superholdco Senior Discount Note Indenture, (e) extend
the U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date and the Canadian Revolving
Loan Commitment Termination Date to April 19, 2009, (f) permit the following
additional payments: (x) a special bonus payment of $22.0 million (the "Special
Bonus") to the U.S. Borrower's management consisting of approximately $14.0
million at the Amendment Effective Date and approximately $8.0 million
thereafter and (y) Parentholdco dividend on certain of its Common Stock of up to
$96,406,123 (the "Transactions Dividend") of which an aggregate amount of
$33,712,500 initially shall be payable in the form of one or more interest
bearing promissory notes of Parentholdco, (g) privately place the Parentholdco
Notes without requiring a repayment of the Loans (as defined below), in each
case, on and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the
Amendment Agreement dated as of the date hereof (the "Amendment Agreement");

          WHEREAS, the parties hereto intend that (a) the Original Obligations
which remain unpaid and outstanding as of the Amendment Effective Date shall
continue to exist under this Agreement on the terms set forth herein, (b) the
loans under the Original Credit Agreement (other than the Original Terms Loans
repaid on the Amendment Effective Date) outstanding as of the date hereof shall
be Loans under and as defined in this Agreement on the terms set forth herein,
(c) any letters of credit outstanding under the Original Credit Agreement as of
the date hereof shall be U.S. Letters of Credit under and as defined in this
Agreement and (d) the Original Collateral and the Original Collateral Documents
shall continue to secure, guarantee, support and otherwise benefit the Original
Obligations as well as the other Obligations of the Borrowers and the other
Obligors under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents hereunder;

          WHEREAS, in connection with the foregoing and to finance in part the
Transactions Dividend and the ongoing working capital needs and general
corporate purposes of the Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries, the
Borrowers desire to obtain the following financing facilities from the Lenders:

                                      -2-
<PAGE>
          (i) a Term Loan Commitment in a maximum principal amount of
     $175,000,000, pursuant to which the Term Loans will be made to the U.S.
     Borrower in a single drawing on the Amendment Effective Date;

          (ii) a U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment (to include availability for
     U.S. Revolving Loans, U.S. Swing Line Loans and U.S. Letters of Credit)
     pursuant to which Borrowings of U.S. Revolving Loans, in a maximum
     aggregate principal amount (together with all U.S. Swing Line Loans and
     U.S. Letter of Credit Outstandings) not to exceed at any one time
     $60,000,000 will be made to the U.S. Borrower from time to time on and
     subsequent to the Amendment Effective Date but prior to the U.S. Revolving
     Loan Commitment Termination Date;

          (iii) a Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment (to include availability
     for Canadian Revolving Loans, Canadian Swing Line Loans and Canadian
     Letters of Credit) pursuant to which Borrowings of Canadian Revolving
     Loans, in a maximum aggregate principal amount (together with all Canadian
     Swing Line Loans and Canadian Letter of Credit Outstandings) not to exceed
     at any one time $20,000,000 will be made to the Canadian Borrower from time
     to time on and subsequent to the Amendment Effective Date but prior to the
     Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date;

          (iv) a U.S. Letter of Credit Commitment pursuant to which one or more
     U.S. Issuers will issue U.S. Letters of Credit in a maximum aggregate
     Stated Amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed at any one time
     $15,000,000 for the account of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries from
     time to time on and subsequent to the Amendment Effective Date but prior to
     the U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date;

          (v) a Canadian Letter of Credit Commitment pursuant to which one or
     more Canadian Issuers will issue Canadian Letters of Credit in a maximum
     aggregate Stated Amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed
     $5,000,000 for the account of the Canadian Borrower and its Canadian
     Subsidiaries from time to time on and subsequent to the Amendment Effective
     Date but prior to the Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date;

          (vi) a U.S. Swing Line Loan Commitment pursuant to which Borrowings of
     U.S. Swing Line Loans in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to
     exceed at any one time $15,000,000 will be made to the U.S. Borrower from
     time to time on and subsequent to the Amendment Effective Date but prior to
     the U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date; and

          (vii) a Canadian Swing Line Loan Commitment pursuant to which
     Borrowings of Canadian Swing Line Loans in an aggregate outstanding
     principal amount not to exceed at any one time $6,000,000 will be made to
     the Canadian Borrower from time to time on and subsequent to the Amendment
     Effective Date but prior to the Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment
     Termination Date.

          NOW, THEREFORE, the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended and
restated to read in its entirety as follows:

                                      -3-
<PAGE>
                                   ARTICLE I
                        DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS


          SECTION 1.1. Defined Terms. The following terms (whether or not
underscored) when used in this Agreement, including its preamble and recitals,
shall, except where the context otherwise requires, have the following meanings
(such meanings to be equally applicable to the singular and plural forms
thereof):

          "Acceptance Note" is defined in clause (b) of Section 2.9.3.

          "Acquired Person" is defined in clause (l) of Section 7.2.2.

          "Administrative Agents" is defined in the preamble.

          "Affected Lender" is defined in Section 4.10.

          "Affiliate" of any Person means any other Person which, directly or
indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such
Person. "Control" of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, (i) to
vote 10% or more of the Capital Stock (on a fully diluted basis) of such Person
having ordinary voting power for the election of directors, managing members or
general partners (as applicable), or (ii) to direct or cause the direction of
the management and policies of such Person (whether by contract or otherwise).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Agents nor any Issuer nor any Lender
shall be deemed an Affiliate of Superholdco, Holdings, any Borrower or any
Subsidiary.

          "Agents" means, unless the context requires otherwise, the Syndication
Agent, the U.S. Administrative Agent and the Canadian Administrative Agent.

          "Agreement" means, on any date, this Second Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement as originally in effect on the Amendment Effective Date and as
thereafter amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified
from time to time and in effect on such date.

          "Alternate Base Rate" means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to
(a) in the case of U.S. Loans, the higher of (i) the U.S. Administrative Agent's
Base Rate in effect on such day and (ii) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on
such day plus 1/2 of 1%, and (b) in the case of Canadian Revolving Loans
denominated in U.S. Dollars, the higher of (i) the Canadian Administrative
Agent's Base Rate in effect on such day and (ii) the Federal Funds Rate in
effect on such day plus 1/2 of 1%. For purposes hereof: "Base Rate" shall mean
the rate of interest per annum publicly announced or established from time to
time by the applicable Administrative Agent as its base rate for loans in U.S.
Dollars in effect at its principal office in Stamford, Connecticut or Toronto,
Canada, as the case may be (the Base Rate not being intended to be the lowest
rate of interest charged by such Administrative Agent in connection with
extensions of credit to debtors) (any change in such rate announced or
established by such Administrative Agent shall take effect at the opening of
business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change); and
"Federal Funds Rate" shall mean, for any day, the weighted average of the rates
(rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) on overnight
federal funds transactions with

                                       -4-
<PAGE>
members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers, as
published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New
York; provided that (x) if the day for which such rate is to be determined is
not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate for
such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next
succeeding Business Day, and (y) if such rate is not so published for any day
which is a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the
average of the quotations for the day of such transactions received by the U.S.
Administrative Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing
selected by it. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the
Base Rate or the Federal Funds Rate shall be effective as of the opening of
business on the effective day of such change in the Base Rate or the Federal
Funds Rate, respectively.

          "Alternate Base Rate Loan" means a Loan bearing interest at a
fluctuating rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate.

          "Amended Mortgage Property" means each property subject to an Original
Mortgage.

          "Amendment Agreement" is defined in the recitals hereto.

          "Amendment Effective Date" means the date all conditions set forth in
Article III of the Amendment Agreement are satisfied.

          "Amendment Effective Date Certificate" means the certificate executed
and delivered by the U.S. Borrower and Canadian Borrower pursuant to the terms
of the Amendment Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto.

          "AMI" is defined in the preamble.

          "Applicable Canadian BA Stamping Fee" means, with respect to Canadian
Loans maintained as Canadian BAs, the applicable percentage set forth under the
column entitled "Applicable Canadian BA Stamping Fee" with respect thereto
within the definition of Applicable Margin set forth below.

          "Applicable Commitment Fee" means a fee which shall accrue at the
applicable rate per annum set forth below under the column entitled "Applicable
Commitment Fee", determined by reference to the applicable Leverage Ratio
referred to below:

                    Leverage            Applicable
                      Ratio           Commitment Fee
                -------------         --------------
                     > 3.75:1              0.50%
                < or = 3.75:1              0.375%

The Leverage Ratio used to compute the Applicable Commitment Fee shall be that
set forth in the Compliance Certificate most recently delivered by Holdings to
the Agents or, in the case of the period prior to the first Compliance
Certificate delivered hereunder, the Leverage Ratio set forth in the officer's
certificate delivered pursuant to Section 3.6 of the Amendment Agreement.
Changes in the Applicable Commitment Fee resulting from a change in the Leverage
Ratio shall

                                      -5-
<PAGE>
become effective upon delivery by Holdings to the Agents of a new Compliance
Certificate pursuant to clause (e) of Section 7.1.1. If Holdings shall fail to
deliver a Compliance Certificate by the delivery due date specified in such
clause, the Applicable Commitment Fee from and including the day immediately
following such delivery due date to (but excluding) the date Holdings delivers
to the Agents a Compliance Certificate shall conclusively be equal to the
highest Applicable Commitment Fee set forth above.

          "Applicable Margin" means, at any time of determination:

          (a) with respect to the unpaid principal amount of each Term Loan
     maintained as (i) a Base Rate Loan, 1.25% per annum and (ii) a Eurodollar
     Loan, 2.25% per annum; and

          (b) with respect to the unpaid principal amount of (i) each Swing Line
     Loan (which shall be borrowed and maintained only as a Base Rate Loan) and
     each Revolving Loan maintained as a Base Rate Loan, the rate determined by
     reference to the applicable Leverage Ratio and at the applicable percentage
     per annum set forth below under the column entitled "Applicable Margin For
     Base Rate Loans", (ii) each Revolving Loan maintained as a Eurodollar Loan,
     the rate determined by reference to the applicable Leverage Ratio and at
     the applicable percentage per annum set forth below under the column
     entitled "Applicable Margin For Eurodollar Loans" and (iii) each Canadian
     BA, the rate determined by reference to the applicable Leverage Ratio and
     at the applicable percentage per annum set forth below under the column
     entitled "Applicable Canadian BA Stamping Fee":

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        Applicable Margin    Applicable Margin For    Applicable Canadian
           Leverage Ratio              For Base Rate Loans      Eurodollar Loans        BA Stamping Fee
     -----------------------------   ----------------------  ---------------------    -------------------
<S>                                  <C>                     <C>                      <C>
              > 3.75:1                        2.00%                   3.00%                 3.00%
     > 3.25:1 and < or = 3.75:1               1.75%                   2.75%                 2.75%
     > 2.50:1 and < or = 3.25:1               1.50%                   2.50%                 2.50%
            < or = 2.50:1                     1.25%                   2.25%                 2.25%
</TABLE>

          The Leverage Ratio used to compute any Applicable Margin or, in the
case of Canadian BAs, the Applicable Canadian BA Stamping Fee, shall, at any
time of determination, be the Leverage Ratio set forth in the Compliance
Certificate most recently delivered by Holdings to the Agents or, in the case of
the period prior to the first Compliance Certificate delivered hereunder, the
Leverage Ratio set forth in the officers' certificate delivered pursuant to
Section 3.6 of the Amendment Agreement. Changes in the Applicable Margin or the
Applicable Canadian BA Stamping Fee, as the case may be, resulting from a change
in the Leverage Ratio shall become effective upon delivery by Holdings to the
Agents of a new Compliance Certificate pursuant to clause (e) of Section 7.1.1.
If Holdings shall fail to deliver a Compliance Certificate by the delivery due
date specified in such clause, the Applicable Margin or the Applicable Canadian
BA Stamping Fee, as the case may be, from and including the day immediately
following such delivery due date to (but excluding) the date Holdings delivers
to the Agents a Compliance Cer-

                                      -6-
<PAGE>
tificate shall conclusively be equal to the highest Applicable Margin or the
Applicable Canadian BA Stamping Fee, as the case may be, set forth above.

          "Approved Fund" means any Person (other than a natural Person) that
(i) is or will be engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing
in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of
its business, and (ii) is administered or managed by a Lender, an Affiliate of a
Lender which is controlled by such Lender or its parent company or an entity or
an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.

          "Assignee Lender" is defined in clause (a) of Section 12.11.

          "Assignor Lender" is defined in clause (a) of Section 12.11.

          "Assumed Indebtedness" is defined in clause (l) of Section 7.2.2.

          "Authorized Officer" is defined in Section 3.3 of the Amendment
Agreement.

          "Base Rate Loan" means a Loan bearing interest at a fluctuating rate
determined by reference to either the Alternate Base Rate, in the case of U.S.
Loans or Canadian Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, or the Canadian Prime Rate,
in the case of Canadian Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars.

          "Borrowers" is defined in the preamble.

          "Borrowing" means the Loans of the same type and, in the case of Fixed
Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by all U.S. Lenders or Canadian
Lenders, respectively, on the same Business Day and pursuant to the same
Borrowing Request in accordance with Section 2.1.

          "Borrowing Request" means, as the context may require, a U.S.
Borrowing Request and/or a Canadian Borrowing Request.

          "Business Day" means (a) any day which is neither a Saturday or Sunday
nor (i) relative to matters with respect to the U.S. Facility, a legal holiday
on which banks are authorized or required to be closed in New York, New York or
(ii) relative to matters with respect to the Canadian Facility, a legal holiday
on which banks are authorized or required to be closed in Toronto, Ontario, and
(b) relative to the making, continuing, prepaying or repaying of any Eurodollar
Loans, any day which is a Business Day described in clause (a)(i) or (ii) above,
as the case may be, and which is also a day on which dealings in U.S. Dollars
are carried on in the London interbank eurodollar market.

          "Canadian Administrative Agent" is defined in the preamble and
includes each other Person appointed as the successor Canadian Administrative
Agent pursuant to Section 11.4. For the advoidance of doubt, the Canadian
Administrative Agent also means the "Canadian Revolving Administrative Agent" as
that term is defined in the applicable Collateral Documents.

          "Canadian BA" means a depository bill as defined in the Depository
Bills and Notes Act (Canada) in Canadian Dollars that is in the form of an order
signed by the Canadian

                                      -7-
<PAGE>
Borrower and accepted by a Lender pursuant to this Agreement or, for Lenders not
participating in clearing services contemplated in that Act, a draft or bill of
exchange in Canadian Dollars that is drawn by the Canadian Borrower and accepted
by a Lender pursuant to this Agreement. Orders that become depository bills,
drafts and bills of exchange are sometimes collectively referred to in this
Agreement as "drafts." Canadian BAs shall have a term of approximately 30, 60,
90 or 180 days, shall be issued and payable only in Canada and shall have a face
amount of an integral multiple of Cdn$100,000. In addition, to the extent the
context shall require, each Acceptance Note shall be deemed to be a Canadian BA.

          "Canadian BA Rate" means, for a particular term, the discount rate per
annum, calculated on the basis of a year of 365 days or 366 days, as the case
may be, equal to (a) in the case of any Lender that is listed on Schedule I of
the Bank Act (Canada), (i) the average rate per annum for Canadian Dollar
bankers' acceptances having such term that appears on the Reuters Screen CDOR
Page (or any successor page) as of 11:00 a.m., Toronto time, on the first day of
such term as determined by the Canadian Administrative Agent or (ii) if such
rate is not available at such time, the average discount rate for bankers
acceptances (accepted by Canadian chartered banks agreed to by the Canadian
Administrative Agent and the Canadian Borrower) having such term as calculated
by the Canadian Administrative Agent in accordance with normal market practice
on such day or (b) in the case of all Lenders other than those listed on
Schedule I of the Bank Act (Canada), the applicable rate set forth in clause
(a)(i) or (ii) above plus 0.10%.

          "Canadian Borrower" is defined in the preamble.

          "Canadian Borrowing Request" means a Canadian Loan request and
certificate duly executed by an Authorized Officer of the Canadian Borrower,
substantially in the form of Exhibit B-2 hereto.

          "Canadian Collateral" means all assets and property of any Obligor and
interests therein upon which a Lien is granted to the Canadian Administrative
Agent pursuant to any Loan Document.

          "Canadian Commitment" means, as the context may require, the Canadian
Revolving Loan Commitment, the Canadian Letter of Credit Commitment and/or the
Canadian Swing Line Loan Commitment.

          "Canadian Continuation/Conversion Notice" means a notice of
continuation or conversion and certificate duly executed by an Authorized
Officer of the Canadian Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-2
hereto.

          "Canadian Debenture" means the Security and Pledge Agreement executed
and delivered by an Authorized Officer of the Canadian Borrower and each
Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to this Agreement, substantially in the
form of Exhibit G-4 hereto, and other Security and Pledge Agreements covering
property in the Province of Quebec, all as amended, supplemented, amended and
restated or otherwise modified from time to time.

          "Canadian Dollar" and "Cdn$" each mean the lawful money of Canada.

          "Canadian Facility" means all Canadian Commitments of Canadian
Lenders.

                                      -8-
<PAGE>
          "Canadian Issuance Request" means a Canadian Letter of Credit request
and certificate duly executed by an Authorized Officer of the Canadian Borrower,
substantially in the form of Exhibit B-4 hereto.

          "Canadian Issuer" means the institution acting as the Canadian
Administrative Agent, but in its capacity as issuer of the Canadian Letters of
Credit and, at the request of the institution acting as the Canadian
Administrative Agent and with the Canadian Borrower's consent, one or more other
Lenders or Affiliates of the Canadian Administrative Agent.

          "Canadian Lender" is defined in the preamble.

          "Canadian Letter of Credit" is defined in clause (a) of Section 2.1.2.

          "Canadian Letter of Credit Commitment" means

          (a) with respect to a Canadian Issuer, such Canadian Issuer's
     obligation to issue Canadian Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.1.2;
     and

          (b) with respect to each Canadian Revolving Loan Lender, its
     obligation to participate in such Canadian Letters of Credit pursuant to
     Section 2.6.1.

          "Canadian Letter of Credit Commitment Amount" means, on any date, a
maximum amount of $5,000,000 (with Canadian Letters of Credit to be denominated
in U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars), as such amount may be permanently reduced
from time to time pursuant to Section 2.2.

          "Canadian Letter of Credit Outstandings" means, on any date, an amount
equal to the sum of (i) the then aggregate amount which is undrawn and available
under all issued and outstanding Canadian Letters of Credit, and (ii) the then
aggregate amount of all unpaid and outstanding Reimbursement Obligations in
respect of such Canadian Letters of Credit.

          "Canadian Loan" means, as the context may require, a Canadian
Revolving Loan and/or a Canadian Swing Line Loan.

          "Canadian Note" means, as the context may require, a Canadian
Revolving Note and/or a Canadian Swing Line Note.

          "Canadian Pension Plan" means (a) a "pension plan" or "plan" which is
subject to applicable pension benefits legislation in any jurisdiction of Canada
and is applicable to employees of a Borrower or a Subsidiary resident in Canada,
or (b) any pension benefit plan or similar arrangement applicable to employees
of a Borrower or a Subsidiary resident in Canada.

          "Canadian Pledge Agreement" means a Security and Pledge Agreement
executed and delivered by an Authorized Officer of the Canadian Borrower and
each Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to this Agreement, substantially in
the form of Exhibit G-5 hereto, as amended, supplemented, amended and restated
or otherwise modified from time to time.

                                      -9-
<PAGE>
          "Canadian Prime Rate" means, on any date and relative to all Canadian
Prime Rate Loans, a fluctuating rate of interest per annum (rounded upward, if
necessary, to the next highest 1/100 of 1%) equal to the higher of

          (a) the rate of interest per annum most recently announced or
     established by the Canadian Administrative Agent as its reference rate in
     effect on such day for determining interest rates for Canadian Dollar
     denominated commercial loans in Canada and commonly known as the "prime
     rate" of the Canadian Administrative Agent (such rate not being intended to
     be the lowest rate of interest charged by the Canadian Administrative Agent
     in connection with extensions of credit to debtors); and

          (b) the Canadian BA Rate most recently determined by the Canadian
     Administrative Agent for 30-days bankers' acceptances plus 3/4 of 1%.

Changes in the rate of interest on that portion of any Canadian Loans maintained
as Canadian Prime Rate Loans will take effect simultaneously with each change in
the Canadian Prime Rate. The Canadian Administrative Agent will give notice
promptly to the Canadian Borrower and the Canadian Lenders of changes in the
Canadian Prime Rate.

          "Canadian Prime Rate Loan" means a Canadian Loan bearing interest at a
fluctuating rate determined by reference to the Canadian Prime Rate.

          "Canadian Register" is defined in clause (b) of Section 2.8.

          "Canadian Revolving Administrative Agent" means the Canadian
Administrative Agent and such terms may be used interchangeably.

          "Canadian Revolving Loan" is defined in clause (b) of Section 2.1.1.

          "Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment" is defined in clause (b) of
Section 2.1.1.

          "Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment Amount" means, on any date, a
maximum amount of $20,000,000 (with Canadian Revolving Loans to be denominated
in U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars), as such amount may be permanently reduced
from time to time pursuant to Section 2.2.

          "Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date" means the
earliest of (i) April 19, 2009, (ii) the date on which the Canadian Revolving
Loan Commitment Amount is terminated in full or reduced to zero pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement and (iii) the date on which any Commitment Termination
Event occurs. Upon the occurrence of any event described in the preceding clause
(ii) or (iii), the Canadian Revolving Loan Commitments shall terminate
automatically and without any further action.

          "Canadian Revolving Loan Lender" means a Lender that has a Canadian
Revolving Loan Commitment.

          "Canadian Revolving Loan Percentage" means, relative to any Lender,
the applicable percentage relating to Canadian Revolving Loans set forth
opposite such Lender's name

                                      -10-
<PAGE>
below the column labeled "Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment" on Schedule II
hereto or set forth in a Lender Assignment Agreement under the Canadian
Revolving Loan Commitment column, as such percentage may be adjusted from time
to time pursuant to Lender Assignment Agreements executed by such Lender and its
Assignee Lender and delivered pursuant to Section 12.11. A Lender shall not have
any Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment if its percentage under the Canadian
Revolving Loan Commitment column is zero.

          "Canadian Revolving Note" means a promissory note of the Canadian
Borrower payable to any Canadian Revolving Loan Lender, in the form of Exhibit
A-2 hereto (as such promissory note may be amended, endorsed or otherwise
modified from time to time), evidencing the aggregate Indebtedness of the
Canadian Borrower to such Canadian Revolving Loan Lender resulting from
outstanding Canadian Revolving Loans, and also means all other promissory notes
accepted from time to time in substitution therefor or renewal thereof.
"Canadian Subsidiary" means each Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower organized under
the laws of Canada or any jurisdiction thereof.

          "Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor" means each Canadian Subsidiary which
has executed and delivered to the Canadian Administrative Agent the Canadian
Subsidiary Guaranty (or a supplement thereto).

          "Canadian Subsidiary Guaranty" means the subsidiary guaranty executed
and delivered by the Canadian Subsidiary Guarantors pursuant to this Agreement,
substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 hereto, as amended, supplemented,
amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time.

          "Canadian Swing Line Lender" means the institution acting as the
Canadian Administrative Agent, but in its capacity as the Canadian Swing Line
Lender.

          "Canadian Swing Line Loan" is defined in clause (b) of Section 2.1.1.

          "Canadian Swing Line Loan Commitment" is defined in clause (b) of
Section 2.1.1.

          "Canadian Swing Line Loan Commitment Amount" means, on any date, a
maximum amount of $6,000,000 (with Canadian Swing Line Loans to be denominated
in U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars), as such amount may be permanently reduced
from time to time pursuant to Section 2.2.

          "Canadian Swing Line Note" means a promissory note of the Canadian
Borrower payable to the Canadian Swing Line Lender, in the form of Exhibit A-4
hereto (as such promissory note may be amended, endorsed or otherwise modified
from time to time), evidencing the aggregate Indebtedness of the Canadian
Borrower to the Canadian Swing Line Lender resulting from outstanding Canadian
Swing Line Loans, and also means all other promissory notes accepted from time
to time in substitution therefor or renewal thereof.

                                      -11-
<PAGE>
          "Canadian Welfare Plan" means any medical, health, hospitalization,
insurance or other employee benefit or welfare plan, agreement or arrangement
applicable to employees of a Borrower or a Subsidiary resident in Canada.

          "Capital Expenditures" means, for any period, the aggregate amount of
all expenditures of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries for fixed or capital
assets made during such period which, in accordance with GAAP, should be
classified as capital expenditures.

          "Capital Stock" means, with respect to any Person, any and all shares,
interests (including membership interests in limited liability companies),
participations, rights (including options, warrants and the like convertible or
exercisable into shares of Capital Stock) or other equivalents (however
designated, whether voting or non-voting) of such Person's capital, whether
outstanding on, or issued after, the Original Closing Date.

          "Capitalized Lease Liabilities" means all monetary obligations of the
U.S. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries under any leasing or similar
arrangement which have been (or, in accordance with GAAP, should be) classified
as capitalized leases. The amount of such monetary obligations shall be the
capitalized amount thereof, determined in accordance with GAAP, and the stated
maturity thereof shall be the date of the last payment of rent or any other
amount due under such lease prior to the first date upon which such lease may be
terminated by the lessee without payment of a premium or a penalty.

          "Cash Collateralize" means, with respect to a Letter of Credit or
Canadian BA, the deposit of immediately available funds into a cash collateral
account maintained with (or on behalf of) the applicable Administrative Agent on
terms reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Administrative Agent in an
amount equal to the Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit or the face amount of
such Canadian BA.

          "Cash Equivalent Investment" means, at any time:

          (a) any direct obligation of (or obligation unconditionally guaranteed
     by) the United States of America or a State thereof or Canada or a Province
     of Canada (or any agency or political subdivision thereof, to the extent
     such obligations are supported by the full faith and credit of the United
     States of America or a State thereof or Canada or a Province of Canada)
     maturing not more than six months after such time;

          (b) commercial paper maturing not more than 180 days from the date of
     issue, which is issued by (i) a corporation (other than an Affiliate of any
     Obligor) organized under the laws of any State of the United States, the
     District of Columbia, Canada or a Province of Canada and rated A-1 or
     higher by S&P or P-1 or higher by Moody's, or (ii) any Lender (or its
     holding company);

          (c) any certificate of deposit, time deposit, money market deposit or
     bankers acceptance, maturing not more than six months after its date of
     issuance, which is issued by either (i) any bank organized under the laws
     of the United States (or any State thereof or the District of Columbia) or
     Canada and (in either case) which has (x) a credit rating of A or higher
     from S&P or A2 or higher from Moody's and (y) a combined capital and
     surplus greater than $500,000,000, or (ii) any Lender;

                                      -12-
<PAGE>
          (d) any repurchase agreement having a term of 7 days or less entered
     into with any Lender or any commercial banking institution satisfying the
     criteria set forth in clause (c)(i) above which (i) is secured by a fully
     perfected security interest in any obligation of the type described in
     clause (a), and (ii) has a market value at the time such repurchase
     agreement is entered into of not less than 100% of the repurchase
     obligation of such commercial banking institution thereunder; or

          (e) investments in money market funds substantially all of whose
     assets are comprised of the securities of the types described in clauses
     (a) through (d) above.

          "Casualty Event" means the damage, destruction or condemnation, as the
case may be, of any property of the U.S. Borrower, Holdings or any of their
respective Subsidiaries.

          "Casualty Proceeds" means, with respect to any Casualty Event, the
amount of any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards received after the
Amendment Effective Date by the U.S. Borrower, Holdings or any of their
respective Subsidiaries in connection therewith, but excluding (i) any proceeds
from business interruption insurance, (ii) any proceeds or awards required to be
paid to a creditor (other than any Secured Party) which holds a Lien permitted
by Section 7.2.3 on the property which is the subject of such Casualty Event and
which is senior in priority to the Lien on such property in favor of the Secured
Parties and (iii) any such proceeds received in respect of any Casualty Event
(or any series of related Casualty Events) not exceeding $100,000 in respect of
any such event (or series of related events) or $750,000 in the aggregate for
all Casualty Events since the Amendment Effective Date.

          "CERCLA" means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation
and Liability Act of 1980, as amended.

          "CERCLIS" means the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation
Liability Information System List.

          "Change in Control" means

          (a) (i) any Person other than Superholdco shall own any Capital Stock
     of Holdings or otherwise have the ability to elect any members of the Board
     of Directors of Holdings, (ii) any Person other than Holdings shall own any
     Capital Stock of the U.S. Borrower or otherwise have the ability to elect
     any members of the Board of Directors of the U.S. Borrower or (iii) the
     U.S. Borrower shall cease to own, directly or indirectly, all of the
     Capital Stock of the Canadian Borrower or shall cease to otherwise have the
     ability, directly or indirectly, to elect all members of the Board of
     Directors of the Canadian Borrower; or

          (b) at any time prior to a Qualified IPO, the Permitted Holders shall
     fail to have the right to elect or designate for election the number of
     members of the Board of Directors (or similar managing body) of Holdings
     which would hold a majority of the votes of such Board of Directors (or
     similar managing body); or

                                      -13-
<PAGE>
          (c) at any time prior to a Qualified IPO, the Permitted Holders shall
     cease to own at least 51% of the Capital Stock of Holdings held by such
     Permitted Holders on the Amendment Effective Date after giving effect to
     the Transaction; or

          (d) any "person" (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of
     the Exchange Act), other than one or more Permitted Holders, is or becomes
     the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the
     Exchange Act), (except that such person shall be deemed to have "beneficial
     ownership" of all shares that any such person has the right to acquire,
     whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of
     time and except that any Person that is deemed to have beneficial ownership
     of shares solely as the result of being part of a group pursuant to Rule
     13d-5(b)(1) of the Exchange Act shall be deemed not to have beneficial
     ownership of any shares held by a Permitted Holder forming a part of such
     group), directly or indirectly, of more than 30% of the total voting power
     of the Voting Stock of Holdings; provided that the Permitted Holders
     beneficially own (as defined in Rule 13d-5 of the Exchange Act), directly
     or indirectly, in the aggregate, a lesser percentage of the total voting
     power of the Voting Stock of Holdings than such other person and do not
     have the right or ability by voting power, contract or otherwise to elect
     or designate for election a majority of the Board of Directors of Holdings
     (for purposes of this clause (d), such other person shall be deemed to
     beneficially own any Voting Stock of a specified person held by a parent
     entity if such other person is the beneficial owner (as defined in this
     provision), directly or indirectly, of more than 30% of the voting power of
     the Voting Stock of such parent entity and the Permitted Holders
     beneficially own (as defined in this provision), directly or indirectly, in
     the aggregate a lesser percentage of the voting power of the Voting Stock
     of such parent entity and do not have the right or ability by voting power,
     contract or otherwise to elect or designate for election a majority of the
     board of directors of such parent entity); or

          (e) at any time from and after a Qualified IPO, during any period of
     24 consecutive months, individuals who at the beginning of such period
     constituted the Board of Directors (or similar managing body) of Holdings
     (together with any new directors whose election to such Board or whose
     nomination for election by the holders of the Capital Stock of Holdings was
     approved by a vote of a majority of the directors then still in office who
     were either directors at the beginning of such period or whose election or
     nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to
     constitute a majority of the Board of Directors (or similar managing body)
     of Holdings then in office; or

          (f) the occurrence of any "Change of Control" (or similar term) under
     (and as defined in) any Other Debt Document in respect of (i) the Senior
     Subordinated Notes, (ii) any Qualifying Subordinated Debt, (iii) any
     Superholdco Debt Documents or (iv) the Parentholdco Notes, in each case
     whether issued pursuant to one or more issuances, having an aggregate
     outstanding principal amount of $25,000,000 or more.

          "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the final and
temporary regulations thereunder, in each case as amended, reformed or otherwise
modified from time to time.

          "Co-Documentation Agents" is defined in the preamble.

                                      -14-
<PAGE>
          "Collateral Document" means any Security and Pledge Agreement, any
Mortgage or any other agreement or document delivered pursuant hereto or in
connection herewith pursuant to which the Secured Parties or any Agent or other
Person on behalf of the Secured Parties is granted a Lien to secure any
Obligations.

          "Commitment" means, as the context may require, (i) a U.S. Lender's
Term Loan Commitment, U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment or U.S. Letter of Credit
Commitment, (ii) the U.S. Swing Line Lender's U.S. Swing Line Loan Commitment,
(iii) a Canadian Lender's Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment or Canadian Letter
of Credit Commitment and/or (iv) the Canadian Swing Line Lender's Canadian Swing
Line Loan Commitment.

          "Commitment Amount" means, as the context may require, the Term Loan
Commitment Amount, the U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment Amount, the U.S. Letter of
Credit Commitment Amount, the U.S. Swing Line Loan Commitment Amount, the
Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment Amount, the Canadian Letter of Credit
Commitment Amount and/or the Canadian Swing Line Loan Commitment Amount.

          "Commitment Termination Date" means, as the context may require, the
Term Loan Commitment Termination Date, the U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment
Termination Date and/or the Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date.

          "Commitment Termination Event" means (i) with respect to the U.S.
Revolving Loan Commitment, the occurrence of any Event of Default described in
clauses (a) through (d) of Section 8.1.9 with respect to the U.S. Borrower, (ii)
with respect to the Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment, the occurrence of any
Event of Default described in clauses (a) through (d) of Section 8.1.9 with
respect to the Canadian Borrower or (iii) the occurrence and continuance of any
other Event of Default and either (x) the declaration of all or any portion of
the Loans to be due and payable pursuant to Section 8.3, or (y) the giving of
notice by the U.S. Administrative Agent, acting at the direction of the Required
Lenders, to the applicable Borrower(s) that the Commitments referred to in such
notice have been terminated.

          "Compliance Certificate" means a certificate duly completed and
executed by the chief financial or accounting Authorized Officer of Holdings,
substantially in the form of Exhibit E hereto, together with such changes
thereto as the Agents may from time to time reasonably request for the purpose
of conforming the terms thereof with the terms hereof.

          "Contingent Liability" means any agreement, undertaking or arrangement
by which any Person guarantees, endorses or otherwise becomes or is contingently
liable upon (by direct or indirect agreement, contingent or otherwise, to
provide funds for payment, to supply funds to, or otherwise to invest in, a
debtor, or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss) the Indebtedness of any
other Person (other than by endorsements of instruments in the course of
collection), or guarantees the payment of dividends or other distributions upon
the Capital Stock of any other Person; provided that Contingent Liabilities
shall not include customary indemnities set forth in agreements entered into in
the ordinary course of business between the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries,
on the one hand, and their customers on the other hand. The amount of any
Person's obligation under any Contingent Liability shall (subject to any
limitation set forth therein) be deemed to be the outstanding principal amount
of the debt, obligation or other liability guaranteed thereby.

                                      -15-
<PAGE>
          "Controlled Group" means all members of a controlled group of
corporations and all members of a controlled group of trades or businesses
(whether or not incorporated) under common control which, together with the U.S.
Borrower, are treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or 414(c) of the
Code or Section 4001 of ERISA.

          "Copyright Security Agreement" means any Copyright Security Agreement
executed and delivered by any Obligor in substantially the form of Exhibit D to
the applicable Security and Pledge Agreement, as amended, supplemented, amended
and restated or otherwise modified from time to time.

          "Credit Extension" means, as the context may require, (i) the making
of a Loan by a Lender (including the acceptance of a Canadian BA) or (ii) the
issuance of any Letter of Credit, or the extension of any Stated Expiry Date of
any existing Letter of Credit, by an Issuer. A continuation or a conversion of a
Canadian BA as set forth in Sections 2.4.1 and 2.4.2 shall not constitute a
Credit Extension.

          "Credit Extension Request" means, as the context may require, any
Borrowing Request or Issuance Request.

          "Currency" means, as the context may require, U.S. Dollars and/or
Canadian Dollars.

          "Current Assets" means, on any date, without duplication, all assets
which, in accordance with GAAP, would be included as current assets on a
consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries at such date as
current assets.

          "Current Liabilities" means, on any date, without duplication, all
amounts which, in accordance with GAAP, would be included as current liabilities
on a consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries at such date,
excluding current maturities of Indebtedness.

          "Default" means any Event of Default or any condition, occurrence or
event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of
Default.

          "Designated U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor" shall mean any U.S. Subsidiary
Guarantor which is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary.

          "Disbursement" is defined in Section 2.6.2.

          "Disbursement Date" is defined in Section 2.6.2.

          "Disclosure Schedule" means the Disclosure Schedule attached hereto as
Schedule I as it may be amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise
modified from time to time by the U.S. Borrower with (unless otherwise provided
hereunder) the written consent of the Required Lenders.

          "Disposition" (or similar words such as "Dispose") means any sale,
transfer, lease, contribution or other conveyance (including by way of merger)
of, or the granting of options, warrants or other rights to, any of the U.S.
Borrower's, Holdings' or any of their respective

                                      -16-
<PAGE>
Subsidiaries' assets (including accounts receivables and Capital Stock of
Subsidiaries) to any Person in a single transaction or series of related
transactions.

          "Domestic Office" means

          (a) relative to any U.S. Lender, the office of such Lender designated
     as its "U.S. Domestic Office" on Schedule III hereto or in a Lender
     Assignment Agreement, or such other office within the United States as may
     be designated from time to time by notice from such Lender to the Agents
     and the Borrowers; and

          (b) relative to any Canadian Lender, the office of such Lender
     designated as its "Canadian Domestic Office" on Schedule III hereto or in a
     Lender Assignment Agreement, or such other office within Canada as may be
     designated from time to time by notice from such Lender to the Agents and
     the Borrowers.

          "EBITDA" means, with respect to any Person for any applicable period,
the sum of

          (a) Net Income of such Person,

          plus
          ----

          (b) to the extent deducted in determining such Net Income, the sum,
     without duplication, of (i) all non-cash charges, (ii) income tax expense
     (whether paid or deferred), (iii) Interest Expense and non-cash interest
     expense, (iv) fees, costs, expenses (including the Transactions Dividend
     and payroll taxes) and prepayment premiums and the associated amortization
     of such fees, costs and expenses paid by Holdings or any of its
     Subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions, (v) amounts attributable
     to amortization and depreciation of assets, (vi) extraordinary and/or other
     non-recurring cash charges related to the extinguishment or repayment of
     Indebtedness, (vii) any management bonuses paid by Holdings (or any direct
     parent company thereof) or any of its Subsidiaries in accordance with the
     terms of clause (i) of Section 7.2.13, (viii) costs and charges incurred in
     the remediation of Steel Peel Warranty Claims, together with the costs,
     charges, fees and expenses in respect of litigation with respect thereto;
     provided that the U.S. Borrower has received a reduction in the purchase
     price or an indemnity or similar payment pursuant to the Gentek Acquisition
     Documents with respect to any such costs, charges, fees or expenses paid on
     or after July 31, 2003, (ix) management fees prepaid in connection with the
     Transactions and the associated amortization, (x) reasonable expenses
     incurred in connection with any merger, acquisition or joint venture
     permitted herein, including, without limitation, any Permitted Acquisition,
     (xi) nonrecurring litigation or claim settlement charges or expense (it
     being understood that product liability obligations or claim settlement
     charges or expense in excess of $1,000,000 in any 12-month period shall be
     deemed to be nonrecurring) and (xii) for any period ending on or prior to
     November 30, 2005 the respective amounts set forth on Schedule V for such
     period,

          minus
          -----

          (c) to the extent included in such Net Income, non-cash credits;

                                      -17-
<PAGE>
provided that (i) the impact of foreign currency and hedging translations and
transactions shall be excluded and (ii) all other extraordinary or nonrecurring
gains, losses and charges shall be excluded.

          "ECF Percentage" means, for purposes of determining the amount of any
mandatory prepayment (pursuant to clause (f) of Section 3.1.1) in respect of
Excess Cash Flow (if any) for any Fiscal Year, (i) 75%, in the event the
Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such Fiscal Year is greater than 3.5 to
1.0, (ii) 50%, in the event the Leverage Ratio for such Fiscal Year is equal to
or less than 3.5 to 1.0, and (iii) 0%, in the event the Leverage Ratio for such
Fiscal Year is less than 2.0 to 1.0.

          "Eligible Assignee" means (i) a Lender; (ii) an Affiliate of a Lender
which is controlled by such Lender or its parent company; (iii) an Approved
Fund; or (iv) any other Person (other than a natural Person, the Borrowers or
any affiliates of the Borrowers) approved (in the case of this clause (iv)) by
the Agents, the Issuers (but only in the case of any assignment of the Revolving
Loan Commitment) and, at any time after the Primary Syndication and unless an
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrowers (each such
approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided that in the case
of any assignment of Revolving Loan Commitments and related participations in
Letters of Credit, Letter of Credit Outstandings and Swing Line Loans to a
Lender that does not, immediately prior to such assignment, have a Revolving
Loan Commitment, or any Affiliates of, or any Approved Funds related to, such
Lender, such Lender shall not be an Eligible Assignee without the prior approval
of the applicable Administrative Agent.

          "Environmental Laws" means the common law and all applicable U.S. and
Canadian federal, state, provincial or local statutes, laws, ordinances, codes,
rules, regulations and guidelines having the force and effect of law (including
consent decrees and administrative orders) relating to public health and safety,
or pollution or protection of the environment (including ambient air, surface
water, groundwater, soil, subsurface strata and natural resources such as flora
and fauna) including without limitation the Clean Air Act, as amended, CERCLA,
the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, as amended, the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act of
1976, as amended, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act Amendments of 1972,
the Clean Water Act of 1977, as amended, the Hazardous Materials Transportation
Act, as amended, and any other law having a similar subject matter.

          "Environmental Permit" is defined in clause (d) of Section 6.13.

          "Equity Investment" is defined in the recitals hereto.

          "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended, and any successor statute thereto of similar import, together with the
regulations thereunder, in each case as in effect from time to time. References
to Sections of ERISA also refer to any successor Sections thereto.

          "Eurocurrency Reserve Requirements" means, for any Interest Period as
applied to a Eurodollar Loan, the aggregate (without duplication) of the rates
(expressed as a decimal fraction) of reserve requirements in effect on the first
day of such Interest Period (including ba-

                                      -18-
<PAGE>
sic, supplemental, marginal and emergency reserves under any regulations of the
Federal Reserve Board or other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with
respect thereto) dealing with reserve requirements prescribed for eurocurrency
funding (currently referred to as "Eurocurrency Liabilities" in Regulation D of
the Federal Reserve Board) maintained by a member bank of the Federal Reserve
System.

          "Eurodollar Base Rate" means, with respect to each day during each
Interest Period pertaining to a Eurodollar Loan, the rate per annum determined
on the basis of the rate for deposits in U.S. Dollars for a period equal to such
Interest Period commencing on the first day of such Interest Period appearing on
Page 3750 of the Telerate System Incorporated Service screen as of 11:00 a.m.,
London time, two Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period.
In the event that such rate does not appear on Page 3750 of the Telerate System
Incorporated Service screen (or such other page as may replace such page on such
service for the purpose of displaying the rates at which dollar deposits are
offered by leading banks in the London interbank deposit market), the
"Eurodollar Base Rate" for purposes of this definition shall be determined by
reference to such other comparable publicly available service for displaying
eurodollar rates as may be selected by the U.S. Administrative Agent or, in the
absence of such availability, by reference to the rate at which the U.S.
Administrative Agent is offered U.S. Dollar deposits at or about 11:00 a.m.,
London time, two Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period in
the interbank eurodollar market where its eurodollar and foreign currency and
exchange operations are then being conducted for delivery on the first day of
such Interest Period for the number of days comprised therein.

          "Eurodollar Lending Office" means, as to any Lender, the office of
such Lender which shall be making or maintaining Eurodollar Loans.

          "Eurodollar Loan" means, any Loan which carries or maintains a rate of
interest based upon a Eurodollar Rate.

          "Eurodollar Rate" means, with respect to each day during each Interest
Period pertaining to a Eurodollar Loan, a rate per annum determined for such day
in accordance with the following formula (rounded upward to the nearest 1/100th
of 1%):

                              Eurodollar Base Rate

                    1.00 - Eurocurrency Reserve Requirements

          "Event of Default" is defined in Section 8.1.

          "Excess Cash Flow" means, for any Fiscal Year, the excess (if any), of

          (a) the sum of (i) EBITDA for such Fiscal Year of Holdings and its
     Subsidiaries, and (ii) the amount of any net decrease in Current Assets,
     other than cash and Cash Equivalents, over Current Liabilities of Holdings
     and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year (exclusive of all or any portion
     of such net decrease resulting, directly or indirectly, from (x) any
     Disposition resulting in Net Disposition Proceeds and (y) any decrease in
     Current Assets, other than cash and Cash Equivalents, over Current
     Liabilities of any entity ac-

                                      -19-
<PAGE>
     quired by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries and which occurs prior to the
     date of such acquisition)

          over

          (b) the sum (for such Fiscal Year), without duplication and without
     duplication of any amounts in clause (a) above, of

               (i) Interest Expense paid in cash by Holdings and its
          Subsidiaries in respect of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.2.2,

               (ii) (x) voluntary and scheduled repayments of principal or
          repurchases of consolidated Total Debt which is Indebtedness permitted
          under Section 7.2.2 to the extent financed with internally generated
          cash flow (excluding repayments of Revolving Loans or Swing Line Loans
          except to the extent the Revolving Commitments are permanently reduced
          in connection with such repayments), together with any prepayment fees
          accompanying such prepayments, in each such case, divided by (y) the
          Prepayment Percentage,

               (iii) to the extent included in EBITDA, any portion of the amount
          of cash gains of Holdings and its Subsidiaries applied toward the
          repayment of Term Loans pursuant to clause (d) or (e) of Section
          3.1.1,

               (iv) repayments of Revolving Loans or Swing Line Loans or Cash
          Collateralization of Letter of Credit Outstandings pursuant to clause
          (b) of Section 3.1.1,

               (v) voluntary prepayments of Revolving Loans or Swing Line Loans
          or any voluntary Cash Collateralization of Letter of Credit
          Outstandings, in each case to the extent accompanied by a permanent
          reduction in the Revolving Loan Commitment Amount,

               (vi) without duplication, (A) all income Taxes paid in cash by
          Holdings and its Subsidiaries (less any cash tax refunds received) and
          (B) all Restricted Payments made in cash by or to Holdings pursuant to
          clauses (a) and (b) (to the extent financed with internally generated
          cash flow of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries or with Revolving
          Loans or Swing Line Loans) and subclauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of
          clause (f) of Section 7.2.6 (in each case, to the extent that such
          amounts have not already reduced EBITDA),

               (vii) Capital Expenditures to the extent permitted under Section
          7.2.7 and made in cash by Holdings and its Subsidiaries in such Fiscal
          Year to the extent financed with internally generated cash flow of
          Holdings and its Subsidiaries or with Revolving Loans or Swing Line
          Loans,

               (viii) the aggregate amount of cash expended by Holdings and its
          Subsidiaries during such Fiscal Year in respect of Permitted
          Acquisitions (together with all fees, costs and expenses and
          prepayment premiums paid by Holdings and

                                      -20-
<PAGE>
          its Subsidiaries in respect thereof) to the extent financed with
          internally generated cash flow of Holdings and its Subsidiaries or
          with Revolving Loans or Swing Line Loans,

               (ix) to the extent incurred in such Fiscal Year and included in
          the calculation of EBITDA for such Fiscal Year, the amount of all
          fees, costs and expenses (including the payment of the Special Bonus
          and the Transactions Dividend (in each case whether paid on the
          Amendment Effective Date or thereafter) and related tax payments) paid
          by Holdings or any of the Subsidiaries in respect of the Transactions,

               (x) all cash charges of the type described in subclauses (b)(vi)
          and (x) of, and the proviso appearing at the end of, the definition of
          "EBITDA" contained in this Agreement,

               (xi) the amount of any net increase in Current Assets, other than
          cash and Cash Equivalent Investments, over Current Liabilities of
          Holdings and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year (exclusive of all
          or any portion of such net increase resulting, directly or indirectly,
          (x) from any Disposition resulting in Net Disposition Proceeds and (y)
          any increase in Current Assets, other than cash and Cash Equivalent
          Investments, over Current Liabilities of any entity acquired by
          Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries and which occurs prior to the date
          of such acquisition),

               (xii) the aggregate amount of cash expended by Gentek Holdings
          and its Subsidiaries during such Fiscal Year in respect of Steel Peel
          Warranty Claims (including the costs, charges, fees and expenses of
          litigation with respect thereto) to the extent financed with
          internally generated cash flow of Gentek Holdings and its Subsidiaries
          or with Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans and for which Gentek
          Holdings and its Subsidiaries or the U.S. Borrower have not been
          reimbursed or indemnified (it being understood and agreed that, in the
          event any such reimbursement or indemnification is received in a
          Fiscal Year subsequent to the Fiscal Year in which the corresponding
          payment was made by Gentek Holdings and its Subsidiaries and deducted
          in determining Excess Cash Flow, the amount of such reimbursement or
          indemnity shall be added in determining Excess Cash Flow for such
          subsequent Fiscal Year),

               (xiii) the aggregate amount of cash contributions to U.S. Pension
          Plans and Canadian Pension Plans by Holdings and its Subsidiaries
          during such Fiscal Year made pursuant to any pension benefit laws of
          any jurisdiction, and

               (xiv) the amount of any cash actually paid by Holdings or any of
          its Subsidiaries in connection with reserves established in accordance
          with GAAP.

          "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

          "Exemption Certificate" is defined in clause (e) of Section 4.6.

                                      -21-
<PAGE>
          "Existing Title Policies" means each title insurance policy delivered
to the U.S. Administrative Agent pursuant to the Original Credit Agreement.

          "Facility" means, as the context may require, the U.S. Facility and/or
the Canadian Facility.

          "Fee Letter" means the confidential letter captioned "Fee Letter",
dated December 6, 2004, among UBS Loan Finance LLC, UBS Securities LLC, Citicorp
North America, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Holdings and AMI.

          "Filing Statements" means collectively all UCC financing statements
(Form UCC-1) or other similar financing statements and UCC termination
statements (Form UCC-3) or other similar financing statements.

          "Fiscal Quarter" means a quarter ending on the Saturday of the 13th,
26th, 39th or 52nd (or 53rd, as applicable) week of each calendar year.

          "Fiscal Year" means the last day of the fourth Fiscal Quarter;
references to a Fiscal Year with a number corresponding to any calendar year
(e.g., the "2003 Fiscal Year") refer to the Fiscal Year ending on the last day
of the fourth Fiscal Quarter of such Fiscal Year.

          "Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio" means, as of the last day of any Fiscal
Quarter, the ratio computed for the period consisting of such Fiscal Quarter and
each of the three immediately preceding Fiscal Quarters of:

          (a) (i) EBITDA (for all such Fiscal Quarters) of Holdings and its
     Subsidiaries minus all Capital Expenditures of Holdings and its
     Subsidiaries made during such period (other than (x) Capital Expenditures
     constituting Permitted Acquisitions permitted under Section 7.2.5 and (y)
     Capital Expenditures to the extent funded from the proceeds of (i) an
     incurrence of Indebtedness, (ii) an issuance of Capital Stock or a capital
     contribution or (iii) an asset sale or a Casualty Event)

          to

          (b) to the extent included in EBITDA for such Fiscal Quarters, the sum
     (for all such Fiscal Quarters) of, without duplication, (i) Interest
     Expense of Holdings and its Subsidiaries during such period, (ii) scheduled
     principal repayments of Indebtedness of Holdings and its Subsidiaries
     required to be made in cash during such period, and (iii) all income Taxes
     paid in cash by Holdings and its Subsidiaries during such period (net of
     any cash refunds received during such period).

          "Fixed Rate Loan" means a Eurodollar Loan or a Canadian BA.

          "Foreign Permitted Acquisition" means a Permitted Acquisition, whether
of Capital Stock, assets or otherwise, of a Person or a business which, as of
the time of such Permitted Acquisition, either (i) is incorporated or organized
in a jurisdiction other than the United States (a "Non-U.S. Jurisdiction") or
(ii) had more than 15% of its assets located in a Non-U.S. Jurisdiction or
derived more than 15% of its annual revenues from operations and business
located in Non-U.S. Jurisdictions.

                                      -22-
<PAGE>
          "Foreign Pledge Agreement" means any supplemental pledge agreement
governed by the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States or a State
thereof executed and delivered by the U.S. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Agents, as may be necessary or desirable under the laws of
organization or incorporation of a Subsidiary to further protect or perfect the
Lien on and security interest in any Collateral (as defined in the applicable
Security and Pledge Agreement) as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or
otherwise modified from time to time.

          "Foreign Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower which
is not a U.S. Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

          "F.R.S. Board" means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System or any successor thereto.

          "GAAP" is defined in Section 1.4.

          "Gentek" is defined in the preamble.

          "Gentek Acquisition Agreement" means a stock purchase agreement dated
as of July 31, 2003 by and among, AMI, Gentek Holdings, Inc., the Ontario
Teachers Pension Plan Board and certain holders of the capital stock of Gentek
Holdings, Inc.

          "Gentek Acquisition Documents" means the Gentek Acquisition Agreement
and all documents, agreements and other instruments (including all opinions and
certificates) delivered in connection therewith, in each case, as amended,
supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time.

          "Gentek U.S." means Gentek Building Products, Inc., a Delaware
corporation.

          "Governmental Authority" means the government of the United States of
America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or
local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court,
central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to
such governments.

          "Granting Bank" is defined in clause (f) of Section 12.11.

          "Guarantors" means, collectively, Superholdco, Holdings, the U.S.
Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor.

          "Guaranty" means, as the context may require Superholdco Guaranty, the
Holdings Guaranty, the U.S. Borrower Guaranty, the U.S. Subsidiary Guaranty
and/or the Canadian Subsidiary Guaranty.

          "Harvest Fee" is defined in the Harvest Management Agreement.

          "Harvest Management Agreement" means the amended and restated
management agreement, dated as of December 23, 2004, between AMI and Harvest
Partners, as amended,

                                      -23-
<PAGE>
supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement.

          "Harvest Partners" means Harvest Partners, Inc.

          "Hazardous Material" means (i) any "hazardous substance", as defined
by CERCLA, (ii) any "hazardous waste", as defined by the Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act, as amended, (iii) any solid waste that is generated in the
diagnosis, treatment (e.g., provision of medical services) or immunization of
human beings or animals, in research pertaining thereto, or in the production or
testing of biologicals, and (iv) any pollutant or contaminant or hazardous,
dangerous or toxic chemical, material or substance (including, without
limitation, crude oil and any petroleum product) subject to regulation, or which
can give rise to liability, under any Environmental Law.

          "Hedging Obligations" means, with respect to any Person, all
liabilities of such Person under currency exchange agreements, interest rate
swap agreements, interest rate cap agreements and interest rate collar
agreements, and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, all other
agreements or arrangements designed to protect such Person against fluctuations
in interest rates or currency exchange rates.

          "herein", "hereof", "hereto", "hereunder" and similar terms contained
in any Loan Document refer to such Loan Document as a whole and not to any
particular Section, paragraph or provision of such Loan Document.

          "Holdings" is defined in the preamble.

          "Holdings Guaranty" means the Obligations of Holdings undertaken
pursuant to Article IX.

          "Holdings Pledge Agreement" means the Security and Pledge Agreement
executed and delivered by an Authorized Officer of Holdings pursuant to the
Original Credit Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit G-1 hereto, as
amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to
time.

          "Impermissible Qualification" means any qualification or exception to
the opinion or certification of any independent public accountant as to any
financial statement of Holdings, the U.S. Borrower or any other Obligor (i)
which is of a "going concern" or similar nature, (ii) which relates to the
limited scope of examination of matters relevant to such financial statement, or
(iii) which relates to the treatment or classification of any item in such
financial statement and which, as a condition to its removal, would require an
adjustment to such item the effect of which would be to cause Holdings, the U.S.
Borrower or such other Obligor to be in Default.

          "including" and "include" means including without limiting the
generality of any description preceding such term, and, for purposes of each
Loan Document, the parties hereto agree that the rule of ejusdem generis shall
not be applicable to limit a general statement, which is followed by or
referable to an enumeration of specific matters, to matters similar to the
matters specifically mentioned.

                                      -24-
<PAGE>
          "Indebtedness" of any Person means, without duplication:

          (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or advances and
     all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or
     similar instruments;

          (b) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, relative to the face
     amount of all letters of credit, whether or not drawn, and banker's
     acceptances issued for the account of such Person;

          (c) all Capitalized Lease Liabilities of such Person;

          (d) all net liabilities of such Person under all Hedging Obligations;

          (e) whether or not so included as liabilities in accordance with GAAP,
     all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of
     property or services (excluding trade accounts payable in the ordinary
     course of business) and indebtedness secured by (or for which the holder of
     such indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be
     secured by) a Lien on property owned or being acquired by such Person
     (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title
     retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been
     assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse (provided that to the
     extent such indebtedness is not assumed by such Person or the recourse
     against such Person by the obligee of such indebtedness is limited to the
     assets so secured, the amount of such indebtedness shall be deemed to be
     the lesser of (x) the aggregate amount of such indebtedness and (y) the
     fair market value of the assets securing such indebtedness);

          (f) all obligations arising under Synthetic Leases of such Person;

          (g) all Redeemable Capital Stock of such Person; and

          (h) all Contingent Liabilities of such Person in respect of any of the
     foregoing.

          The Indebtedness of any Person shall include, without duplication, the
Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person
is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result
of such Person's ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity,
except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is
not liable therefor.

          "Indemnified Liabilities" is defined in Section 12.4.

          "Indemnified Parties" is defined in Section 12.4.

          "Interbank Reference Rate" means the interest rate expressed as a
percentage per annum which is customarily used by the Canadian Administrative
Agent when calculating interest due by it or owing to it arising from correction
of errors between it and other chartered banks.

          "Interco Subordination Agreement" means an Intercompany Subordination
Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit J hereto, executed and delivered
by two or more

                                      -25-
<PAGE>
Obligors pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, as amended, supplemented,
amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time.

          "Intercompany Note" means, with respect to the U.S. Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries, as the maker thereof, a promissory note substantially in the
form of Exhibit A to the relevant Security and Pledge Agreement (with such
modifications as the applicable Administrative Agent may consent to, such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld), which promissory note shall be duly
endorsed and pledged by the payee in favor of the applicable Administrative
Agent.

          "Interest Coverage Ratio" means, as of the last day of any Fiscal
Quarter, the ratio computed for the period consisting of such Fiscal Quarter and
each of the three immediately preceding Fiscal Quarters of:

          (a) EBITDA (for all such Fiscal Quarters) of Holdings and its
     Subsidiaries

          to

          (b) the sum (for all such Fiscal Quarters) of Interest Expense of
     Holdings and its Subsidiaries during such period.

          "Interest Expense" means, with respect to any Person for any Fiscal
Quarter, the aggregate interest expense (both accrued and paid) of such Person
and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Quarter that has been paid or is payable in
cash, including the portion of any payments made in respect of Capitalized Lease
Liabilities allocable to interest expense (net of investment interest income
paid during such period to Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries and excluding any
interest on the deferred portion of the Harvest Fee, the Investcorp Fee and the
Special Bonus, in each case to the extent such amounts are excluded from the
definition of "Total Debt").

          "Interest Period" means, (i) relative to any Eurodollar Loan, the
period beginning on (and including) the date on which such Eurodollar Loan is
made or continued as, or converted into, a Eurodollar Loan pursuant to Sections
2.3 or 2.4 and shall end on (but exclude) the day which numerically corresponds
to such date one, two, three, six, or if then available to each applicable
Lender, nine or twelve months thereafter (or, if such month has no numerically
corresponding day, on the last Business Day of such month), as the applicable
Borrower may select in its relevant notice pursuant to Sections 2.3 or 2.4 and
(ii) relative to any Canadian BA or Acceptance Note, the period beginning on
(and including) the date on which such Canadian BA is accepted or rolled over
pursuant to Section 2.4 or such Acceptance Note is issued pursuant to Section
2.9.3 and continuing to (but excluding) the date which is approximately 30, 60,
90 or 180 days thereafter as the Canadian Borrower may select in its relevant
notice pursuant to Section 2.3 or 2.4; provided that (a) the Borrowers shall not
be permitted to select Interest Periods to be in effect at any one time which
have expiration dates occurring on more than fifteen different dates (provided
that the Canadian Borrower shall not be permitted to select Interest Periods to
be in effect at any one time which have expiration dates occurring on more than
five different dates), (b) if such Interest Period would otherwise end on a day
which is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall end on the next
following Business Day (unless such next following Business Day is the first
Business Day of a calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end

                                      -26-
<PAGE>
on the Business Day next preceding such numerically corresponding day) and (c)
no Interest Period for any Loan may end later than the Stated Maturity Date for
such Loan.

          "Investcorp" is defined in the recitals hereto.

          "Investcorp Fee" is defined in the Investcorp Management Agreement.

          "Investcorp Investor Group" means, collectively, Investcorp, certain
affiliated entities and other international investors.

          "Investcorp Management Agreement" means the management agreement,
dated as of December 23, 2004, between AMI and Investcorp, as amended,
supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement.

          "Investment" means, relative to any Person, (i) any loan, advance or
extension of credit made by such Person to any other Person, including (A) the
issuance of any letter of credit with respect to which such Person is obligated
to reimburse the issuer thereof for drawings thereunder and any other Person is
the account party with respect to such letter of credit and (B) the purchase by
such Person of any bonds, notes, debentures or other debt securities of any
other Person (exclusive of receivables owing to such Person to the extent
created or acquired in the ordinary course of business and payable or
dischargeable in accordance with customary trade terms of such Person), and (ii)
any Capital Stock held by such Person in any other Person. The amount of any
Investment shall be the original principal or capital amount thereof less all
returns of principal or equity thereon and shall, if made by the transfer or
exchange of property other than cash, be deemed to have been made in an original
principal or capital amount equal to the fair market value of such property at
the time of such Investment.

          "ISP Rules" is defined in Section 12.9.

          "Issuance Request" means, as the context may require, a U.S. Issuance
Request and/or a Canadian Issuance Request.

          "Issuer" means, as the context may require, a Canadian Issuer and/or a
U.S. Issuer.

          "Joint Lead Arrangers" is defined in the preamble.

          "Lender Assignment Agreement" means an assignment agreement
substantially in the form of Exhibit K hereto.

          "Lender Default" means (i) the refusal (which has not been retracted)
or other failure of a Lender to make available its portion of any Borrowing or
to fund its portion of any unreimbursed payment under Section 2.6.1 or (ii) a
Lender having notified the applicable Borrower or the applicable Administrative
Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its obligations under
Section 2.1 or 2.6.1, including in either case as a result of any takeover of
such Lender by any Governmental Authority.

          "Lenders" is defined in the preamble and includes each Person that
becomes a Lender pursuant to Section 12.11.

                                      -27-
<PAGE>
          "Lender's Environmental Liability" means any and all losses,
liabilities, obligations, penalties, claims, litigation, demands, defenses,
costs, judgments, suits, proceedings, damages (including consequential damages),
disbursements or expenses of any kind or nature whatsoever (including reasonable
attorneys' fees at trial and appellate levels and experts' fees and
disbursements and expenses incurred in investigating, defending against or
prosecuting any litigation, claim or proceeding) which may at any time be
imposed upon, incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Agent, any Lender,
any Issuer or any of such Person's Affiliates, shareholders, directors,
officers, employees, and agents in connection with or arising from:

          (a) any Hazardous Material on, in, under or affecting all or any
     portion of any property of the U.S. Borrower, Holdings or any of their
     respective Subsidiaries, the groundwater thereunder, or any surrounding
     areas thereof to the extent caused by Releases from the U.S. Borrower's,
     Holdings' or any of their respective Subsidiaries' or any of their
     respective predecessors' properties;

          (b) any misrepresentation, inaccuracy or breach of any warranty,
     contained or referred to in Section 6.13;

          (c) any violation or claim of violation by the U.S. Borrower, Holdings
     or any of their respective Subsidiaries of any Environmental Laws; or

          (d) the imposition of any lien for damages caused by or the recovery
     of any costs for the cleanup, Release or threatened Release of Hazardous
     Material by the U.S. Borrower, Holdings or any of their respective
     Subsidiaries, or in connection with any property owned or formerly owned by
     the U.S. Borrower, Holdings or any of their respective Subsidiaries.

          "Letter of Credit" means, as the context may require, a U.S. Letter of
Credit and/or a Canadian Letter of Credit.

          "Letter of Credit Commitment Amount" means, as the context may
require, the U.S. Letter of Credit Commitment Amount and/or the Canadian Letter
of Credit Commitment Amount.

          "Letter of Credit Outstandings" means, as the context may require, the
U.S. Letter of Credit Outstandings and/or the Canadian Letter of Credit
Outstandings.

          "Leverage Ratio" means, as of the last day of any Fiscal Quarter, the
ratio of:

          (a) Total Debt outstanding on the last day of such Fiscal Quarter

          to

          (b) EBITDA of Holdings and its Subsidiaries computed for the period
     consisting of such Fiscal Quarter and each of the three immediately
     preceding Fiscal Quarters.

          "Lien" means any security interest, mortgage, pledge, hypothecation,
assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or otherwise),
charge against property, or

                                      -28-
<PAGE>
other priority or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever, to
secure payment of a debt or performance of an obligation.

          "Loan" means, as the context may require, a Revolving Loan, a Term
Loan and/or a Swing Line Loan of any type and shall include without limitation
all Canadian BAs in respect of which any Lender has not received payout in full.
References herein to the "principal amount" of a Loan shall, when referring to a
Canadian BA, mean the face amount thereof.

          "Loan Documents" means, collectively, (i) this Agreement, the Letters
of Credit, the Notes, the Acceptance Notes, Canadian BAs, the Fee Letter (solely
for purposes of Article VIII and Section 12.9), each Collateral Document, each
Guaranty and the Amendment Agreement and (ii) each other agreement, certificate,
document or instrument delivered in connection with any Loan Document and
designated to be a "Loan Document", whether or not specifically mentioned herein
or therein, including, solely for purposes of the Collateral Documents and the
Guaranties, all Rate Protection Agreements.

          "Management Agreements" means, collectively, the Harvest Management
Agreement and the Investcorp Management Agreement.

          "Management Investors" is defined in clause (m) of Section 7.2.5.

          "Management Loans" is defined in clause (m) of Section 7.2.5.

          "Management Shares" is defined in clause (m) of Section 7.2.5.

          "Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on the
condition (financial or otherwise), business, operations, assets, liabilities
(contingent or otherwise), properties or prospects of Holdings and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

          "Material Subsidiary" means each Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower other
than a Non-Material Subsidiary.

          "Material Transaction Documents" means each of the Stock Purchase
Agreement, each Other Debt Document, the Senior Subordinated Notes Indenture,
the Superholdco Senior Discount Note Indenture and the Management Agreements, in
each case as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified
from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

          "Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

          "Mortgage" means each Original Mortgage and each mortgage, deed of
trust or agreement executed and delivered by any Obligor in favor of an
Administrative Agent for the benefit of the applicable Secured Parties pursuant
to the requirements of this Agreement, under which a Lien is granted on the real
property and fixtures described therein, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Agents, in each case as amended, supplemented, amended and
restated or otherwise modified from time to time.

          "Mortgage Amendment" means amended mortgages or deeds of trust from
the U.S. Borrower, as mortgagor, grantor, trustor or otherwise, to the U.S.
Administrative Agent, as

                                      -29-
<PAGE>
mortgagee, beneficiary or otherwise, in respect of each of the Original
Mortgages, in each case amended in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the Administrative Agents and as the same may be further amended from time to
time.

          "Net Casualty Proceeds" means, with respect to any Casualty Event, the
amount of any Casualty Proceeds (net of (i) taxes actually paid or estimated by
Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries (in good faith) to be payable in cash in
connection with such Casualty Event and (ii) all reasonable collection expenses
thereof and other reasonable costs associated therewith); provided that if the
amount of any estimated taxes exceeds the amount of taxes actually required to
be paid in cash in respect of such Casualty Event within 12 months of such
Casualty Event, the aggregate amount of such excess shall, at the end of such
12-month period, constitute Net Casualty Proceeds.

          "Net Debt Proceeds" means with respect to the incurrence, sale or
issuance after the Amendment Effective Date by Holdings or any of its
Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness (other than any Indebtedness permitted by
Section 7.2.2, except for the incurrence of Qualified Subordinated Debt in
excess of $50,000,000), the excess of:

          (a) the gross cash proceeds received by such Person from such
     incurrence, sale or issuance, over

          (b) all customary underwriting commissions and discounts and customary
     legal, investment banking, brokerage and accounting and other professional
     fees, sales commissions and disbursements actually incurred in connection
     with such incurrence, sale or issuance which have not been paid to a
     Sponsor or any of its Affiliates in connection therewith (other than those
     fees and expenses set forth in the Management Agreements).

          "Net Disposition Proceeds" means, with respect to any Disposition of
any assets after the Amendment Effective Date of Holdings or any of its
Subsidiaries (other than Dispositions permitted pursuant to clause (a), (b),
(c), (e), (f), (g), (i) or (j) of Section 7.2.11), the excess of

          (a) the gross cash proceeds received by such Person from any such
     Disposition and any cash payments received in respect of promissory notes
     or other non-cash consideration delivered to such Person in respect thereof
     (other than payments in respect of interest), over

          (b) the sum (without duplication) of (i) all customary legal,
     investment banking, brokerage, appraisal and accounting and other
     professional fees and disbursements actually incurred in connection with
     such Disposition which have not been paid to a Sponsor or any of its
     Affiliates in connection therewith (other than those fees and expenses set
     forth in the Management Agreements, (ii) all taxes and other governmental
     costs and expenses actually paid or estimated by such Person (in good
     faith) to be payable in cash in connection with such Disposition, (iii) in
     respect of any such Disposition, the amount, if any, reserved by Holdings
     or any of its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, in respect of any
     post-closing purchase price adjustments related to such Disposition,
     estimated (if necessary) in good faith by management of Holdings or such
     Subsidiary, as the

                                      -30-
<PAGE>
     case may be, (iv) the portion of the purchase price in respect of any such
     Disposition which is placed in escrow to secure the payment by Holdings or
     any of its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, in respect of any indemnity or
     similar obligations of such Person in respect of such Disposition, and (v)
     payments made by such Person to retire Indebtedness (other than the Credit
     Extensions) or other unassumed liabilities related to the assets Disposed,
     in each case of such Person where payment and satisfaction of such
     Indebtedness or other liabilities is required in connection with such
     Disposition;

provided that if, (x) after the payment of all taxes with respect to such
Disposition, the amount of estimated taxes, if any, pursuant to clause (b)(ii)
above exceeded the tax amount actually paid in cash in respect of such
Disposition, the aggregate amount of such excess shall, at such time, constitute
Net Disposition Proceeds and (y) in the event that the amount reserved in
respect of any post-closing purchase price adjustment (referred to in clause
(b)(iii) above) or the amount placed in escrow in respect of any indemnity or
similar claims (referred to in clause (b)(iv) above) exceeds the amount actually
paid in respect of any such adjustments or claims, such excess amount shall, at
the time of determination thereof, constitute Net Disposition Proceeds.

          "Net Equity Proceeds" means with respect to the sale or issuance after
the Amendment Effective Date by Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent
company thereof) of any of its Capital Stock in a registered public offering
under the Securities Act of 1933, the excess of

          (a) the gross cash proceeds received by Holdings (or any direct or
     indirect parent company thereof and contributed to Holdings) from such
     sale, exercise or issuance, over

          (b) all customary underwriting commissions and discounts and customary
     legal, investment banking, brokerage and accounting and other professional
     fees, sales commissions and disbursements actually incurred in connection
     with such sale or issuance which have not been paid to a Sponsor or any of
     its Affiliates in connection therewith (other than those fees and expenses
     set forth in the Management Agreements).

          "Net Income" means, with respect to any Person for any period, the
aggregate of all amounts (excluding all amounts in respect of extraordinary
gains and extraordinary non-cash losses, but including and together with all
amounts in respect of extraordinary cash losses; provided that, for purposes of
determining Net Income in any such period, the amount of any such extraordinary
cash losses for such period, if any, shall be reduced to the extent of any
extraordinary cash gains for such period) which would be included as net income
on the consolidated financial statements of such Person and its Subsidiaries for
such period; provided that the portion of Net Income of any Subsidiary of such
Person that is not a Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor shall be excluded from
Net Income to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar
distributions by such Person of that portion of such Net Income is not at the
date of determination permitted without any prior governmental approval that has
not been obtained or, directly or indirectly, by operation of the terms of its
Organic Documents or any agreement (other than an agreement with Holdings or its
Subsidiaries), instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or
governmental regulation applicable to such Person or its stockholders.

                                      -31-
<PAGE>
          "Non-Excluded Taxes" means any Taxes other than net income, profits,
gains and franchise taxes imposed with respect to any Secured Party by a
Governmental Authority under the laws of which such Secured Party is organized
or in which it maintains its principal office or applicable lending office.

          "Non-Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary that

          (a) accounted for no more than 5% (and, when taken together with all
     other Non-Material Subsidiaries, accounted for no more than 10% in the
     aggregate) of consolidated revenues of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for
     the four consecutive Fiscal Quarters ending on September 30, 2004, or if
     later, the last day of the most recently completed Fiscal Quarter with
     respect to which, pursuant to Section 7.1.1, financial statements have
     been, or are required to have been, delivered to the Administrative Agents,
     and

          (b) has assets which represent no more than 5% (and, when taken
     together with all other Non-Material Subsidiaries, represent no more than
     10% in the aggregate) of the consolidated assets of Holdings and its
     Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2004, or if later, the last day of the
     last Fiscal Quarter of the most recently completed Fiscal Quarter with
     respect to which, pursuant to Section 7.1.1, financial statements have
     been, or are required to have been, delivered to the Administrative Agents.

          "Non-U.S. Jurisdiction" is defined within the definition of Foreign
Permitted Acquisition.

          "Non-U.S. Lender" means any Lender that is not a "United States
person", as defined under Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code or any applicable
successor provision.

          "Note" means, as the context may require, a Revolving Note, a Term
Note and/or a Swing Line Note.

          "Notional BA Proceeds" means, relative to a particular Canadian Loan
by way of Canadian BAs, the aggregate face amount of such Canadian BAs less the
aggregate of:

          (a) a discount from the aggregate face amount of such Canadian BAs
     calculated in accordance with normal market practice based on the Canadian
     BA Rate for the term of such Canadian BAs; and

          (b) an acceptance fee calculated at the rate per annum, on the basis
     of a year of 365 days or 366 days, as the case may be, equal to the
     Applicable Canadian BA Stamping Fee on the face amount of such Canadian BA
     for its term, being the actual number of days in the period commencing on
     the date of acceptance by such Lender of such Canadian BA and continuing to
     (but excluding) the maturity date of such Canadian BA, such acceptance fee
     to be non-refundable and fully earned when due.

          "Obligations" means all obligations (monetary or otherwise, whether
absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured) of each Obligor arising under or
in connection with a Loan Document (or, in the case of Superholdco arising under
or in connection with the Superholdco Guaranty or Superholdco Pledge Agreement),
including the principal of and premium, if any,

                                      -32-
<PAGE>
and interest (including interest accruing during the pendency of any proceeding
of the type described in Section 8.1.9, whether or not allowed in such
proceeding) on the Loans and all Reimbursement Obligations.

          "Obligor" means, as the context may require, Superholdco, Holdings,
the Borrowers, and each other Person (other than a Secured Party) obligated
under any Loan Document.

          "Organic Document" means, relative to any Obligor, as applicable, its
certificate of incorporation, by-laws, certificate of partnership, partnership
agreement, certificate of formation, limited liability agreement, operating
agreement and all shareholder agreements, voting trusts and similar arrangements
applicable to any of such Obligor's partnership interests, limited liability
company interests or authorized shares of Capital Stock.

          "Original Closing Date" means August 29, 2003.

          "Original Collateral" is defined in the recitals hereto.

          "Original Collateral Documents" is defined in the recitals hereto.

          "Original Credit Agreement" is defined in the recitals hereto.

          "Original Lenders" is defined in the recitals hereto.

          "Original Loans" is defined in the recitals hereto.

          "Original Mortgage" means any Mortgage executed and delivered pursuant
to the Original Credit Agreement including, without limitation, the Mortgages
identified on Schedule IV attached hereto and made a part hereof.

          "Original Obligations" is defined in the recitals hereto.

          "Original Term Loans" is defined in the recitals hereto.

          "Other Debt Documents" means, collectively, each of the loan
agreements, indentures, note purchase agreements, promissory notes, guarantees
and other instruments and agreements evidencing the terms of any Indebtedness
constituting or evidenced by, as the case may be, the Senior Subordinated Note
Indenture, any Qualifying Subordinated Debt, any Permitted Seller Notes or any
Indebtedness of the type described in clause (n) of Section 7.2.2, in each case,
as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

          "Other Person" is defined in the definition of "Subsidiary".

          "Other Taxes" means any and all stamp, documentary or similar taxes,
or any other excise or property taxes or similar levies (including interest and
penalties with regard thereto) that arise on account of any payment made or
required to be made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery,
registration, recording or enforcement of any Loan Document.

                                      -33-
<PAGE>
          "Parent" means each of Parentholdco, Superholdco, Holdings and any
other direct or indirect parent of the U.S. Borrower.

          "Parentholdco" is defined in the recitals hereto.

          "Parentholdco Notes" means the unsecured notes due 2014 issued by
Parentholdco on December 23, 2004, in an aggregate amount of $75,000,000.

          "Parentholdco Notes Indenture" means the indenture dated December __,
2004 between Parentholdco and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee,
pursuant to which the Parentholdco Notes were issued.

          "Participant" is defined in clause (b) of Section 12.11.

          "Patent Security Agreement" means any Patent Security Agreement
executed and delivered by any Obligor in substantially the form of Exhibit B to
the applicable Security and Pledge Agreement, as amended, supplemented, amended
and restated or otherwise modified from time to time.

          "Payment Default" means any Default described in Section 8.1.1.

          "PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation and any entity
succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA.

          "Percentage" means, as the context may require, any Lender's Revolving
Loan Percentage and/or Term Loan Percentage.

          "Perfection Certificate" means the Perfection Certificate executed and
delivered by an Authorized Officer of an Obligor pursuant to Section 7.1.9,
substantially in the form of Exhibit H hereto, as amended, supplemented, amended
and restated or otherwise modified from time to time.

          "Permitted Acquisition" means an acquisition, whether pursuant to a
merger or an acquisition of Capital Stock, assets or otherwise, by the U.S.
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of all or substantially all of the assets or
Capital Stock of any Person (or any part of the assets constituting all or
substantially all of a business or line of business of any Person), whether or
not such acquisition is effected in a single transaction or in a series of
related transactions, and as to which the following conditions are satisfied:

          (a) immediately before and after giving effect to such acquisition, no
     Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom
     (including under Section 7.2.1);

          (b) such acquisition is consummated pursuant to a negotiated merger,
     purchase or similar agreement between the U.S. Borrower and/or any of its
     Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and such Person and/or any of its
     Affiliates, on the other hand;

                                      -34-
<PAGE>
          (c) in the case of an acquisition of Capital Stock by the U.S.
     Borrower or a Subsidiary, such acquisition results in the issuer of such
     Capital Stock becoming a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower;

          (d) consideration for such acquisition shall be comprised of Capital
     Stock of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent company thereof), the
     issuance of one or more Permitted Seller Notes, the assumption, incurrence
     or issuance of Indebtedness permitted under clause (l) of Section 7.2.2
     and/or cash and the aggregate amount of the consideration for such
     acquisition (based on the fair market value of Capital Stock issued, the
     amount of Indebtedness issued and/or assumed and the cash expended in
     connection therewith) shall not exceed $25,000,000 and, when added to the
     total aggregate amount of consideration for all other such acquisitions
     pursuant to this subclause (d) since the Original Closing Date, shall not
     exceed $75,000,000 (provided that either of the foregoing amounts may be
     increased by up to $25,000,000 to the extent such acquisitions are financed
     with new equity proceeds or Capital Stock of Holdings (or any direct or
     indirect parent company thereof); provided, further, that Foreign Permitted
     Acquisitions shall not exceed $25,000,000 in the aggregate over the term of
     this Agreement, except to the extent financed with new equity proceeds (not
     otherwise subject to clause (h) of Section 3.1.1) received by Holdings (or
     any direct or indirect parent company thereof) or Capital Stock of
     Holdings) (or any direct or indirect parent company thereof);

          (e) immediately after giving effect to such acquisition, at least
     $15,000,000 of all Revolving Loan Commitment Amounts shall be unused;

          (f) in the case of any acquisition in which the total aggregate amount
     of consideration therefor is in excess of $2,500,000, Holdings shall have
     delivered to the Agents a Compliance Certificate for the period of four
     full Fiscal Quarters immediately preceding such acquisition for which
     financial statements are available (prepared in good faith and in a manner
     and using such methodology which is consistent with the most recent
     financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 7.1.1) giving pro forma
     effect to the consummation of such acquisition and evidencing compliance
     with the covenants set forth in Section 7.2.4 and the preceding clauses (a)
     through (e); and

          (g) with respect to any such acquisition which requires the delivery
     of a Compliance Certificate pursuant to clause (f) above, if, based upon
     such Compliance Certificate, such acquisition does not, immediately after
     giving effect thereto, increase the EBITDA of Holdings and its Subsidiaries
     on a Pro Forma Basis, Holding's Leverage Ratio (as computed in such
     Compliance Certificate) for the period of four full Fiscal Quarters
     immediately preceding such acquisition (prepared in good faith and in a
     manner and using such methodology which is consistent with the most recent
     financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 7.1.1), after giving pro
     forma effect to the consummation of such acquisition, shall be equal to or
     below 3.50:1.

          "Permitted Holders" means, collectively, Harvest Partners, Investcorp
Investor Group, their respective controlled affiliates and funds controlled by
Harvest Partners, Investcorp Investor Group and such affiliates ("control" (and
its derivatives) of a Person, for the purposes of this definition of "Permitted
Holders," means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause

                                      -35-
<PAGE>
the direction of the management, policies and investment decisions of such
Person (whether by contract or otherwise)).

          "Permitted Liens" means Liens permitted pursuant to Section 7.2.3.

          "Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness issued in
exchange for, or the net proceeds of which are used to extend, refinance, renew,
replace, defease or refund (collectively, to "Refinance"), the Indebtedness
being Refinanced (or previous refinancing thereof constituting Permitted
Refinancing Indebtedness); provided that (a) the Weighted Average Life to
Maturity of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is greater than or equal to
that of the Indebtedness being Refinanced, (b) if the Indebtedness being
Refinanced is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations under the Loan
Documents, such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness shall be subordinated in
right of payment to such Obligations on terms at least as favorable to the
Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being
Refinanced and (c) no Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness shall have different
obligors, or greater guarantees or security, than the Indebtedness being
Refinanced.

          "Permitted Seller Note" means an unsecured subordinated promissory
note issued by a Parent or a Borrower in connection with a Permitted Acquisition
consummated by such Borrower, which note (i) provides for a final stated
maturity date that is not prior to the first anniversary of the latest Stated
Maturity Date for any Tranche then in effect of all Loans hereunder (but which
may provide for scheduled amortization of the original principal amount thereof
on each anniversary of the issuance thereof to the extent each such required
amortization payment does not exceed 20% of the original principal amount
thereof), (ii) bears cash interest at an annual rate not in excess of 10%,
although any such interest payable in excess of 10% per annum either shall be
payable with the issuance of additional promissory notes in form and substance
substantially similar to such promissory note (it being understood and agreed
that each such additional promissory note shall constitute a Permitted Seller
Note) or shall continue to accrue, (iii) does not provide the holders thereof
with the guaranty of any Subsidiary of either Borrower, (iv) does not contain
any financial maintenance covenants or any cross-default provisions (it being
understood that a cross-acceleration provision with respect to Indebtedness in
an aggregate principal amount in excess of $10,000,000 shall be acceptable) and
(v) contains such other terms and provisions (including as to subordination, if
any) as are reasonably acceptable to each of the Agents; provided that in no
event may the aggregate principal amount of all Permitted Seller Notes exceed
$10,000,000.

          "Person" means any natural person, corporation, limited liability
company, partnership, joint venture, association, trust or unincorporated
organization, Governmental Authority or any other legal entity, whether acting
in an individual, fiduciary or other capacity.

          "Pledged Subsidiary" means each Subsidiary in respect of which an
Administrative Agent has been granted a security interest in or a pledge of (i)
any of the Capital Stock of such Subsidiary or (ii) any Intercompany Notes of
such Subsidiary owing to a Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor.

          "Preferred Stock" means, with respect to any Person, any and all
shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated,
whether voting or non-voting) of preferred or preference stock of such Person.

                                      -36-
<PAGE>
          "Prepayment Percentage" means 75%; provided that with respect to each
Fiscal Year ending on or after December 31, 2004, the Prepayment Percentage
shall be reduced to 50% if the Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such Fiscal
Year is not greater than 3.50:1.

          "Primary Syndication" means the period commencing on or prior to the
Amendment Effective Date and ending on the earlier of (i) 90 days after the
Amendment Effective Date and (ii) the date that the Joint Lead Arrangers have
declared the primary syndication of the Credit Extensions to have ended.

          "Pro Forma Basis" means, with respect to any determination for any
period for any Person, after giving pro forma effect to each Permitted
Acquisition and Disposition of a Person, business or all or substantially all of
the assets of a Person or business consummated during such period, together with
all transactions relating thereto consummated during such period (including any
incurrence, assumption, refinancing or repayment of Indebtedness), as if such
Permitted Acquisition, Disposition and related transactions had been consummated
on the first day of such period, in each case based on historical results
accounted for in accordance with GAAP and, to the extent applicable, (x)
reasonable assumptions acceptable to the Agents that are specified in reasonable
detail in the relevant Compliance Certificate or other certificate furnished to
any Agent or Lender in connection with the terms of this Agreement or (y)
assumptions prepared in accordance with Regulation S-X under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, and the Exchange Act, and the Securities and Exchange
Commission's rules and guidelines with respect to pro forma financial statements
and that are specified in reasonable detail in the relevant Compliance
Certificate.

          "Qualified IPO" means, with respect to any Person, an initial public
offering by such Person (or any direct parent company thereof) of its Voting
Stock in a registered public offering under the Securities Act of 1933 pursuant
to which not less than 20% of such Person's (or any direct parent company
thereof) issued and outstanding Voting Stock is sold pursuant to such offering.

          "Qualifying Subordinated Debt" means unsecured senior subordinated
notes of Holdings or the U.S. Borrower in an aggregate principal amount for all
such Persons not to exceed $100,000,000 containing terms and conditions no less
favorable to such Person (other than interest rates; provided that any yield in
excess of 13% per annum shall be payable in additional unsecured senior
subordinated notes or shall be capitalized or accreted discount), and no more
favorable to the holders thereof, in each case in any material respect, than
those of the Senior Subordinated Notes or containing such other terms and
conditions (including rate of interest, maturity, covenants, events of default
and subordination provisions) reasonably acceptable to the Agents; provided
that, immediately prior to the issuance of any such notes, Holdings shall have
delivered to the Agents a Compliance Certificate for the period of four full
Fiscal Quarters immediately preceding such issuance (prepared in good faith and
in a manner and using such methodology which is consistent with the most recent
financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 7.1.1) giving pro forma
effect to such issuance and the application of the proceeds therefrom and
evidencing compliance with the covenants set forth in Section 7.2.4.

          "Quarterly Payment Date" means the last Business Day of March, June,
September and December.

                                      -37-
<PAGE>
          "Rate Protection Agreement" means, collectively, any interest rate
swap, cap, collar or similar agreement entered into by the U.S. Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries under which the counterparty of such agreement is (or at the
time such agreement was entered into, was) a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender,
so long as a fully executed copy of such agreement has been provided to the
Agents.

          "Recapitalization" is defined in the recitals hereto.

          "Redeemable Capital Stock" means Capital Stock of Holdings or any of
its Subsidiaries that, either by its terms or by the terms of any security into
which it is convertible or exchangeable, at the option of the holder thereof,
(i) is or upon the happening of an event (other than a voluntary call by the
issuer thereof or change of control so long as, in the case of a change of
control, all Obligations hereunder must first be paid in full or the consent of
the Required Lenders is obtained to allow such redemption) or passage of time
would be required to be redeemed (for consideration other than common stock of
Holdings or pay-in-kind Preferred Stock of Holdings) on or prior to the first
anniversary of the latest Stated Maturity Date for any Tranche then in effect of
all Loans hereunder, (ii) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (for
consideration other than common stock of Holdings or pay-in-kind Preferred Stock
of Holdings) at any time prior to such date or (iii) is convertible at the
option of the holder thereof into or exchangeable for debt securities of either
Borrower, Holdings or any of their respective Subsidiaries at any time prior to
such anniversary other than debt securities constituting Qualifying Subordinated
Debt.

          "Refunded Swing Line Loans" is defined in clause (b) of Section 2.3.2.

          "Reimbursement Obligation" is defined in Section 2.6.3.

          "Release" means a "release", as such term is defined in CERCLA.

          "Replacement Lender" is defined in Section 4.10.

          "Replacement Notice" is defined in Section 4.10.

          "Required Lenders" means, at any time,

          (a) with respect to any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan
     Document other than the taking of any remedial action under this Agreement
     or any other Loan Document following the declaration of the acceleration of
     the maturity of all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of
     the Loans and other Obligations to be due and payable pursuant to Section
     8.3, Lenders holding at least a majority of the sum of (i) the U.S.
     Revolving Loan Commitments (or, following the U.S. Revolving Loan
     Commitment Termination Date, the aggregate principal amount of U.S.
     Revolving Loans and U.S. Swing Line Loans then outstanding plus the U.S.
     Letter of Credit Outstandings applicable to the U.S. Revolving Loan
     Commitments (after giving effect to the participation of the U.S. Lenders
     therein)), (ii) the Canadian Revolving Loan Commitments (or, following the
     Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date, the aggregate
     principal amount of Canadian Revolving Loans and Canadian Swing Line Loans
     then outstanding (calculated, with respect to any Canadian Revolving Loans
     or Canadian

                                      -38-
<PAGE>
     Swing Line Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, at the U.S. Dollar
     Equivalent thereof) plus the Canadian Letter of Credit Outstandings
     (calculated, with respect to any Canadian Letters of Credit denominated in
     Canadian Dollars, at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent thereof) (after giving
     effect to the participation of the Canadian Lenders therein)) and (iii) the
     Term Loan Commitments (or, following the Term Loan Commitment Termination
     Date, the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then outstanding);
     or

          (b) with respect to the taking of any remedial action under this
     Agreement or any other Loan Document following the declaration of the
     acceleration of the maturity of all or any portion of the outstanding
     principal amount of the Loans and other Obligations to be due and payable
     pursuant to Section 8.3, Lenders holding at least a majority of the sum of
     the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Loans (calculated, with
     respect to any Loans made in Canadian Dollars, at the U.S. Dollar
     Equivalent thereof) plus the Letter of Credit Outstandings (calculated,
     with respect to any Canadian Letters of Credit issued in Canadian Dollars,
     at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent thereof) (after giving effect to the
     participation of the Lenders therein).

          "Resource Conservation and Recovery Act" means the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq., as amended.

          "Restricted Payment" means the declaration or payment of any dividend
(other than dividends payable solely in Capital Stock (other than Redeemable
Capital Stock) of Holdings or any Subsidiary of Holdings) on, or the making of
any payment or distribution on account of, or setting apart assets for a sinking
or other analogous fund for, the purchase, redemption, defeasance, retirement or
other acquisition of any class of Capital Stock of Holdings or any Subsidiary or
any warrants or options to purchase any such Capital Stock, whether now or
hereafter outstanding, or the making of any other payment or distribution in
respect thereof, either directly or indirectly, whether in cash or property,
obligations of Holdings or any Subsidiary or otherwise.

          "Revolving Loan" means, as the context may require, a U.S. Revolving
Loan and/or a Canadian Revolving Loan.

          "Revolving Loan Commitment" means, as the context may require, the
U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment and/or the Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment.

          "Revolving Loan Commitment Amount" means, as the context may require,
the U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment Amount and/or the Canadian Revolving Loan
Commitment Amount.

          "Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date" means, with respect to
the U.S. Revolving Loan Commitments, the U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment
Termination Date and with respect to the Canadian Revolving Loan Commitments,
the Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date.

          "Revolving Loan Lender" means, as the context may require, a U.S.
Revolving Loan Lender and/or a Canadian Revolving Loan Lender.

                                      -39-
<PAGE>
          "Revolving Loan Percentage" means, as the context may require, the
U.S. Revolving Loan Percentage and/or the Canadian Revolving Loan Percentage.

          "Revolving Note" means, as the context may require, a U.S. Revolving
Note and/or a Canadian Revolving Note.

          "S&P" means Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a division of
McGraw-Hill, Inc.

          "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

          "Secured Parties" means, subject to the last sentence of Section
7.1.9,

          (a) relative to an Interco Subordination Agreement executed by any
     Parent, the U.S. Borrower or any U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor or any
     Collateral Document executed by any Parent, Holdings, the U.S. Borrower or
     any U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor that grants a Lien to secure Obligations in
     respect of both the U.S. Facility and the Canadian Facility, (i) the
     Lenders, each Issuer and the Agents (and other Indemnified Parties set
     forth in Section 12.4), (ii) for purposes of each agreement pursuant to
     which an Administrative Agent is granted a Lien to secure any such
     Obligations or receives a guaranty by any Parent, the U.S. Borrower or any
     U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor of any such Obligations or pursuant to which any
     Person subordinates any obligation payable by Holdings or any of its
     Subsidiaries to it to such Obligations or any insurance or indemnity with
     respect to the same (including Section 12.4 hereof), each counterparty to a
     Rate Protection Agreement that is (or at the time such Rate Protection
     Agreement was entered into, was) a Lender or an Affiliate thereof, and
     (iii) in each case, each of their respective successors, transferees and
     assigns; and

          (b) relative to an Interco Subordination Agreement executed by the
     Canadian Borrower or any Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor or any Collateral
     Document executed by the Canadian Borrower or any Canadian Subsidiary
     Guarantor that grants a Lien to secure Obligations in respect of the
     Canadian Facility only, (i) the Canadian Lenders, each Canadian Issuer and
     the Canadian Administrative Agent (and other Indemnified Parties set forth
     in Section 12.4), (ii) for purposes of each agreement pursuant to which the
     Canadian Administrative Agent is granted a Lien by the Canadian Borrower or
     any Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor to secure any such Obligations or
     receives a guaranty by the Canadian Borrower or any Canadian Subsidiary
     Guarantor of any such Obligations or pursuant to which any Person
     subordinates any obligation payable by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries
     to it to such Obligations or any insurance or indemnity with respect to the
     same (including Section 12.4 hereof), each counterparty to a Rate
     Protection Agreement entered into by the Canadian Borrower or any Canadian
     Subsidiary Guarantor that is (or at the time such Rate Protection Agreement
     was entered into, was) a Canadian Lender or an Affiliate thereof; and

          (c) in each case, each of their respective successors, transferees and
     assigns.

          "Security and Pledge Agreement" means, as the context may require, the
Superholdco Pledge Agreement, the Holdings Pledge Agreement, the U.S. Borrower
Security and

                                      -40-
<PAGE>
Pledge Agreement, a Canadian Debenture, the U.S. Subsidiary Security and Pledge
Agreement and/or a Canadian Pledge Agreement.

          "Senior Subordinated Note Indenture" means the Indenture dated as of
April 23, 2002, among the U.S. Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantor (as defined
therein) and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee, as amended, supplemented,
amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement.

          "Senior Subordinated Notes" means the 9-3/4% senior subordinated notes
due 2012 of the U.S. Borrower in an original aggregate principal amount of $165
million and issued pursuant to the Senior Subordinated Note Indenture.

          "Solvent" means, with respect to any Person and its Subsidiaries on a
particular date, that on such date (i) the fair value of the property of such
Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis is greater than the total
amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person and its
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, (ii) the present fair salable value of the
assets of such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis is not less
than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such
Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis on its debts as they become
absolute and matured, (iii) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe
that it or its Subsidiaries will, incur debts or liabilities beyond the ability
of such Person and its Subsidiaries to pay such debts and liabilities as the
same mature, and (iv) such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis
is not engaged in business or a transaction, and such Person and its
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis is not about to engage in business or a
transaction, for which the property of such Person and its Subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of
contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in
light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, can reasonably
be expected to become an actual or matured liability.

          "SPC" is defined in clause (f) of Section 12.11.

          "Sponsor" means, collectively, Harvest Partners or Investcorp Investor
Group.

          "Stated Amount" means, on any date and with respect to a particular
Letter of Credit, the total amount then available to be drawn under such Letter
of Credit.

          "Stated Expiry Date" is defined in Section 2.6.

          "Stated Maturity Date" means (i) with respect to all Term Loans,
August 29, 2010, and (ii) with respect to all Revolving Loans and Swing Line
Loans, April 19, 2009.

          "Steel Peel Warranty Claims" means any warranty claims against Gentek
U.S. arising from a failure in the form of peeling of the coated surface of
certain residential siding products consisting of painted steel paneling
manufactured or produced by Gentek U.S. or one or more of its predecessors or
its business between January 1, 1992 and December 31, 1995 in product color
lines designated as (i) "885 White", "Special White", "Polar White" or "Poplar"
or (ii) an alternative name for marketing purposes corresponding to any such
name and, in each case, which used paint manufactured by The Sherwin-Williams
Company.

                                      -41-
<PAGE>
          "Stock Purchase Agreement" is defined in the recitals hereto.

          "Subordinated Debt" means unsecured subordinated Indebtedness of any
Obligor in respect of the Senior Subordinated Notes, any Permitted Seller Notes,
Qualifying Subordinated Debt or Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clause (n) of
Section 7.2.2.

          "Subordination Provisions" is defined in Section 8.1.11.

          "Subsidiary" means, with respect to any Person, any corporation,
limited liability company, partnership or other entity ("Other Person") of which
more than 50% of the outstanding Voting Stock of such Other Person (irrespective
of whether at the time Capital Stock of any other class or classes of such Other
Person shall or might have voting power upon the occurrence of any contingency)
is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person, by
such Person and one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person, or by one or more
other Subsidiaries of such Person. Unless the context otherwise specifically
requires, the term "Subsidiary" shall be a reference to a Subsidiary of the U.S.
Borrower.

          "Subsidiary Guarantor" means, as the context may require, a U.S.
Subsidiary Guarantor and/or a Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor.

          "Subsidiary Guaranty" means, as the context may require, the U.S.
Subsidiary Guaranty and/or the Canadian Subsidiary Guaranty.

          "Subsidiary Security and Pledge Agreement" means, as the context may
require, a U.S. Subsidiary Security and Pledge Agreement, a Canadian Debenture
and/or a Canadian Pledge Agreement.

          "Superholdco" is defined in the preamble.

          "Superholdco Debt Documents" means, collectively, each of the loan
agreements, indentures, note purchase agreements, promissory notes, guarantees
and other instruments and agreements evidencing the terms of any Indebtedness of
Superholdco, in each case, as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or
otherwise modified in accordance with the terms of the Superholdco Guaranty.

          "Superholdco Guaranty" means the Guaranty executed and delivered by an
Authorized Officer of Superholdco, in substantially in the form of Exhibit F-3
hereto, as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified
from time to time.

          "Superholdco Pledge Agreement" means the Pledge and Security
Agreement, executed and delivered by an Authorized Officer of Superholdco
pursuant to the Original Credit Agreement, in substantially in the form of
Exhibit G-6 hereto, as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise
modified from time to time.

          "Superholdco Senior Discount Note Indenture" means the Indenture dated
as of March 4, 2004, among Superholdco and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee,
as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time
to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

                                      -42-
<PAGE>
          "Superholdco Senior Discount Notes" means the Senior Discount Notes
due 2014 issued by Superholdco on March 4, 2004 pursuant to the Superholdco
Senior Discount Note Indenture, resulting in gross cash proceeds in an amount
equal to $258,265,220.

          "Swing Line Lender" means, as the context may require, the U.S. Swing
Line Lender and/or the Canadian Swing Line Lender.

          "Swing Line Loan" means, as the context may require, a U.S. Swing Line
Loan and/or a Canadian Swing Line Loan.

          "Swing Line Loan Commitment" means, as the context may require, the
U.S. Swing Line Loan Commitment and/or the Canadian Swing Line Loan Commitment.

          "Swing Line Loan Commitment Amount" means, as the context may require,
the U.S. Swing Line Loan Commitment Amount and/or the Canadian Swing Line Loan
Commitment Amount.

          "Swing Line Note" means, as the context may require, a U.S. Swing Line
Note and/or a Canadian Swing Line Note.

          "Syndication Agent" is defined in the preamble.

          "Synthetic Lease" means, as applied to any Person, any lease
(including leases that may be terminated by the lessee at any time) of any
property (whether real, personal or mixed) (a) that is not a capital lease in
accordance with GAAP and (b) in respect of which the lessee retains or obtains
ownership of the property so leased for federal income tax purposes, other than
any such lease under which that Person is the lessor.

          "Taxes" means any and all income, stamp or other taxes, duties,
levies, imposts, charges, fees, deductions or withholdings, now or hereafter
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any Governmental Authority,
and all interest and penalties with respect thereto.

          "Term Loan" is defined in clause (a) of Section 2.1.3.

          "Term Loan Commitment" means, relative to any Lender, such Lender's
obligation (if any) to make Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.1.3.

          "Term Loan Commitment Amount" means, on any date, $175,000,000.

          "Term Loan Commitment Termination Date" means the earliest of (i) the
Amendment Effective Date (immediately after the making of the Term Loans on such
date) and (ii) the date on which any Commitment Termination Event occurs. Upon
the occurrence of any event described in clause (ii), the Term Loan Commitments
shall terminate automatically and without any further action.

          "Term Loan Percentage" means, relative to any Lender, the applicable
percentage relating to Term Loans set forth opposite such Lender's name below
the column labeled "Term Loan Commitment" on Schedule II hereto or set forth in
a Lender Assignment Agreement under the Term Loan Commitment column, as such
percentage may be adjusted from time to time pur-

                                      -43-
<PAGE>
suant to Lender Assignment Agreements executed by such Lender and its Assignee
Lender and delivered pursuant to Section 12.11. A Lender shall not have any Term
Loan Commitment if its percentage under the Term Loan Commitment column is zero.

          "Term Note" means a promissory note of the U.S. Borrower payable to
any Lender, in the form of Exhibit A-5 hereto (as such promissory note may be
amended, endorsed or otherwise modified from time to time), evidencing the
aggregate Indebtedness of the U.S. Borrower to such Lender resulting from
outstanding Term Loans, and also means all other promissory notes accepted from
time to time in substitution therefor or renewal thereof.

          "Termination Date" means the date on which all Obligations (other than
any indemnities that are not then due and payable) have been paid in full in
cash, all Letters of Credit have been terminated, expired, Cash Collateralized
or supported with letters of credit in a manner acceptable to the relevant
Issuer and all Commitments have terminated.

          "Title Company" means Chicago Title Insurance Company or such other
title insurance company or companies as are reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agents.

          "Total Debt" means, on any date, without duplication, the outstanding
principal amount of all Indebtedness of Holdings and its Subsidiaries of the
type referred to in clause (a), clause (b) (excluding obligations relative to
the face amount of letters of credit to the extent such face amount has not been
drawn or, if drawn, to the extent the amount of such drawing has been reimbursed
to the issuer thereof by the obligor with respect thereto), clause (c), clause
(e) (but, in the case of such clause (e), only to the extent accounted for as
debt on a balance sheet in accordance with GAAP; provided that the deferred
portion of the Harvest Fee and the Investcorp Fee, not to exceed in the
aggregate $3,631,927, and the deferred portion of the Special Bonus not to
exceed $8.0 million shall not be included in the calculation of Total Debt),
clause (f) and clause (g), in each case of the definition of "Indebtedness", and
any Contingent Liability in respect of any of the foregoing; provided that
Indebtedness of the type described in clause (n) of Section 7.2.2 or incurred in
respect of Permitted Seller Notes and Qualifying Subordinated Debt shall not be
included in the calculation of Total Debt to the extent that such notes and/or
debt (x) are issued by Holdings and are not guaranteed by any Subsidiary of
Holdings and (y) do not provide for any scheduled repayments or mandatory
prepayments or redemptions of the principal thereof prior to the first
anniversary of the latest Stated Maturity Date for any Tranche then in effect of
all Loans or for any payment of cash interest or regularly accruing fees with
respect thereto prior to such anniversary.

          "Total Exposure Amount" means, on any date of determination (and
without duplication), the outstanding principal amount of all Loans (calculated,
with respect to any Canadian Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, at the U.S.
Dollar Equivalent thereof), the aggregate amount of all Letter of Credit
Outstandings (calculated, with respect to any Canadian Letters of Credit
denominated in Canadian Dollars, at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent thereof) and the
unfunded amount of the Commitments.

          "Trademark Security Agreement" means any Trademark Security Agreement
executed and delivered by any Obligor substantially in the form of Exhibit C to
the applicable Security and Pledge Agreement, as amended, supplemented, amended
and restated or otherwise modified from time to time.

                                      -44-
<PAGE>
          "Tranche" means, as the context may require, the Loans constituting
Term Loans, U.S. Revolving Loans, Canadian Revolving Loans, U.S. Swing Line
Loans and/or Canadian Swing Line Loans.

          "Transactions" is defined in the recitals hereto.

          "Transactions Dividend" is defined in the recitals hereto.

          "Transactions Documents" means the Material Transaction Documents and
the other material agreements entered into in connection therewith and the
Transactions, in each case, as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or
otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement.

          "type" means, relative to any Loan, the portion thereof, if any, being
maintained as a Base Rate Loan or a Fixed Rate Loan.

          "UCC" means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time
in the State of New York; provided that if, with respect to any Filing Statement
or by reason of any provisions of law, the perfection or the effect of
perfection or non-perfection of the security interests granted to an
Administrative Agent pursuant to the applicable Loan Document is governed by the
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction of the United States
other than New York, UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from
time to time in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions of each
Loan Document and any Filing Statement relating to such perfection or effect of
perfection or non-perfection of such security interest.

          "United States" or "U.S." means the United States of America, its
fifty states and the District of Columbia.

          "U.S. Administrative Agent" is defined in the preamble and includes
each other Person appointed as the successor U.S. Administrative Agent pursuant
to Section 11.4.

          "U.S. Borrower" is defined in the preamble.

          "U.S. Borrower Guaranty" means the Obligations of the U.S. Borrower
undertaken pursuant to Article X.

          "U.S. Borrower Security and Pledge Agreement" means the Security and
Pledge Agreement executed and delivered by an Authorized Officer of the U.S.
Borrower pursuant to the Original Credit Agreement, substantially in the form of
Exhibit G-2 hereto, as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise
modified from time to time.

          "U.S. Borrowing Request" means a U.S. Loan request and certificate
duly executed by an Authorized Officer of the U.S. Borrower, substantially in
the form of Exhibit B-1 hereto.

          "U.S. Collateral" means all assets and property of any Obligor and
interests therein upon which a Lien is granted to the U.S. Administrative Agent
pursuant to any Loan Document.

                                      -45-
<PAGE>

          "U.S. Commitment" means, as the context may require, the Term Loan
Commitment, the U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment, the U.S. Letter of Credit
Commitment and/or the U.S. Swing Line Loan Commitment.

          "U.S. Continuation/Conversion Notice" means a notice of continuation
or conversion and certificate duly executed by an Authorized Officer of the U.S.
Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 hereto.

          "U.S. Dollar" and the sign "$" mean lawful money of the United States.

          "U.S. Dollar Equivalent" means, on any date, relative to any amount
(the "Original Amount") expressed in Canadian Dollars, the amount expressed in
U.S. Dollars which would be required to buy the Original Amount of Canadian
Dollars using the noon spot rate exchange for Canadian interbank transactions
applied in converting U.S. Dollars into Canadian Dollars published by the
Canadian Administrative Agent for such date.

          "U.S. Facility" means all U.S. Commitments of U.S. Lenders.

          "U.S. Issuance Request" means a U.S. Letter of Credit request and
certificate duly executed by an Authorized Officer of the U.S. Borrower,
substantially in the form of Exhibit B-3 hereto.

          "U.S. Issuer" means the institution acting as the U.S. Administrative
Agent, but in its capacity as issuer of the U.S. Letters of Credit and, at the
request of the institution acting as the U.S. Administrative Agent and with the
U.S. Borrower's consent, one or more other Lenders or Affiliates of the U.S.
Administrative Agent.

          "U.S. Lender" is defined in the preamble.

          "U.S. Letter of Credit" is defined in Section 2.1.2.

          "U.S. Letter of Credit Commitment" means

          (a) with respect to a U.S. Issuer, such U.S. Issuer's obligation to
     issue U.S. Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.1.2 and,

          (b) with respect to each U.S. Revolving Loan Lender, the obligations
     of each such Lender to participate in such U.S. Letters of Credit pursuant
     to Section 2.6.1.

          "U.S. Letter of Credit Commitment Amount" means, on any date, a
maximum amount of $15,000,000, as such amount may be permanently reduced from
time to time pursuant to Section 2.2.

          "U.S. Letter of Credit Outstandings" means, on any date, an amount
equal to the sum of (i) the then aggregate amount which is undrawn and available
under all issued and outstanding U.S. Letters of Credit, and (ii) the then
aggregate amount of all unpaid and outstanding Reimbursement Obligations in
respect of such U.S. Letters of Credit.

                                      -46-
<PAGE>
          "U.S. Loan" means, as the context may require, a Term Loan, a U.S.
Revolving Loan and/or a U.S. Swing Line Loan.

          "U.S. Multiemployer Plan" means a "multiemployer plan" as defined in
Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.

          "U.S. Note" means, as the context may require, a Term Note, a U.S.
Revolving Note and/or a U.S. Swing Line Note.

          "U.S. Pension Plan" means a "pension plan", as such term is defined in
Section 3(2) of ERISA, which is subject to Title IV of ERISA (other than a U.S.
Multiemployer Plan), and to which Holdings, the U.S. Borrower or any
corporation, trade or business that is, along with the U.S. Borrower, a member
of a Controlled Group, has liability (actual or contingent), including any
liability by reason of having been a substantial employer within the meaning of
Section 4063 of ERISA at any time during the preceding five years, or by reason
of being deemed to be a contributing sponsor under Section 4069 of ERISA.

          "U.S. Register" is defined in clause (b) of Section 2.7.

          "U.S. Revolving Loan" is defined in clause (a) of Section 2.1.1.

          "U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment" is defined in clause (a) of Section
2.1.1.

          "U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment Amount" means, on any date, a maximum
amount of $60,000,000, as such amount may be permanently reduced from time to
time pursuant to Section 2.2.

          "U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date" means the earliest
of (i) April 19, 2009, (ii) the date on which the U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment
Amount is terminated in full or reduced to zero pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement and (iii) the date on which any Commitment Termination Event occurs.
Upon the occurrence of any event described in the preceding clause (ii) or
(iii), the U.S. Revolving Loan Commitments shall terminate automatically and
without any further action.

          "U.S. Revolving Loan Lender" means a Lender that has a U.S. Revolving
Loan Commitment.

          "U.S. Revolving Loan Percentage" means, relative to any Lender, the
applicable percentage relating to U.S. Revolving Loans set forth opposite such
Lender's name below the column labeled "U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment" on
Schedule II hereto or set forth in a Lender Assignment Agreement under the U.S.
Revolving Loan Commitment column, as such percentage may be adjusted from time
to time pursuant to Lender Assignment Agreements executed by such Lender and its
Assignee Lender and delivered pursuant to Section 12.11. A Lender shall not have
any U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment if its percentage under the U.S. Revolving
Loan Commitment column is zero.

          "U.S. Revolving Note" means a promissory note of the U.S. Borrower
payable to any U.S. Revolving Loan Lender, in the form of Exhibit A-1 hereto (as
such promissory note may be amended, endorsed or otherwise modified from time to
time), evidencing the aggregate

                                      -47-
<PAGE>
Indebtedness of the U.S. Borrower to such U.S. Revolving Loan Lender resulting
from outstanding U.S. Revolving Loans, and also means all other promissory notes
accepted from time to time in substitution therefor or renewal thereof.

          "U.S. Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary that is not a Foreign
Subsidiary.

          "U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor" means each U.S. Subsidiary which has
executed and delivered to the U.S. Administrative Agent the U.S. Subsidiary
Guaranty (or a supplement thereto).

          "U.S. Subsidiary Guaranty" means the subsidiary guaranty executed and
delivered by U.S. Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower pursuant to the Original
Credit Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit F-1 hereto, as amended,
supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time.

          "U.S. Subsidiary Security and Pledge Agreement" means the Security and
Pledge Agreement executed and delivered by an Authorized Officer of each U.S.
Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to the Original Credit Agreement, substantially in
the form of Exhibit G-3 hereto, as amended, supplemented, amended and restated
or otherwise modified from time to time.

          "U.S. Swing Line Lender" means the institution acting as the U.S.
Administrative Agent, but in its capacity as the U.S. Swing Line Lender.

          "U.S. Swing Line Loan" is defined in clause (a) of Section 2.1.1.

          "U.S. Swing Line Loan Commitment" is defined in clause (a) of Section
2.1.1.

          "U.S. Swing Line Loan Commitment Amount" means, on any date, a maximum
amount of $15,000,000, as such amount may be permanently reduced from time to
time pursuant to Section 2.2.

          "U.S. Swing Line Note" means a promissory note of the U.S. Borrower
payable to the U.S. Swing Line Lender, in the form of Exhibit A-3 hereto (as
such promissory note may be amended, endorsed or otherwise modified from time to
time), evidencing the aggregate Indebtedness of the U.S. Borrower to the U.S.
Swing Line Lender resulting from outstanding U.S. Swing Line Loans, and also
means all other promissory notes accepted from time to time in substitution
therefor or renewal thereof.

          "U.S. Welfare Plan" means a "welfare plan", as such term is defined in
Section 3(l) of ERISA.

          "Voting Stock" means, with respect to any Person, Capital Stock of any
class or kind ordinarily having the power to vote for the election of directors,
managers or other voting members of the managing body of such Person.

          "Weighted Average Life to Maturity" means, when applied to any
Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing (a) the then
outstanding aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness into (b) the sum of
the total of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then
remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required

                                      -48-
<PAGE>
payment of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof,
by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) which will
elapse between such date and the making of such payment.

          "Wholly-owned Subsidiary" means, with respect to any Person, any
Subsidiary of such Person all of the outstanding common stock (or similar equity
investment) of which (other than any director's qualifying shares or investments
by foreign nationals mandated by applicable laws) is owned directly or
indirectly by such Person. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term
"wholly-owned Subsidiary" shall be a reference to a wholly-owned Subsidiary of
the U.S. Borrower.

          SECTION 1.2. Use of Defined Terms. Unless otherwise defined or the
context otherwise requires, terms for which meanings are provided in this
Agreement shall have such meanings when used in each other Loan Document and the
Disclosure Schedule, and each notice and other communication delivered from time
to time in connection with any Loan Document.

          SECTION 1.3. Cross-References. Unless otherwise specified, references
in a Loan Document to any Article or Section are references to such Article or
Section of such Loan Document, and references in any Article, Section or
definition to any clause are references to such clause of such Article, Section
or definition.

          SECTION 1.4. Accounting and Financial Determinations.

          (a) Unless otherwise specified, all accounting terms used in each Loan
Document shall be interpreted, and all accounting determinations and
computations thereunder (including under Section 7.2.4 and the definitions used
in such calculations) shall be made, in accordance with those generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States ("GAAP") applied in the preparation
of the U.S. Borrower's financial statements for its Fiscal Year ended December
31, 2003, subject to any changes or amendments to GAAP in effect as of January
1, 2004; provided that to the extent that there are any changes or amendments to
GAAP after the date of this Agreement, the U.S. Borrower may notify the U.S.
Administrative Agent that it wishes that the financial covenants be adjusted to
reflect (and/or the related accounting terms defined herein modified to address)
such changes or amendments in GAAP, in which case the U.S. Borrower and the U.S.
Administrative Agent agree to enter into an amendment to this Agreement to
modify such provisions of this Agreement as may be necessary to effect any such
adjustment, resetting or modification and reasonably acceptable to the U.S.
Administrative Agent. Unless otherwise expressly provided all financial
covenants and defined financial terms shall be computed on a consolidated basis
for Holdings and its Subsidiaries (including the Borrowers), in each case
without duplication.

          (b) For purposes of computing the Leverage Ratio, the Interest
Coverage Ratio and the Fixed Charge Ratio (under Section 7.2.4), such ratios
(and any financial calculations or components required to be made or included
therein, including EBITDA) shall be determined on a Pro Forma Basis.

          (c) For the purposes of determining any threshold amount forming any
part of any representation or warranty, covenant or Event of Default, all
relevant amounts denominated

                                      -49-
<PAGE>
in Canadian Dollars shall be calculated, as of such time of determination, at
the U.S. Dollar Equivalent thereof. Each calculation of the U.S. Dollar
Equivalent of any amounts denominated in Canadian Dollars shall be conclusive
and binding on the Borrowers absent manifest error.

                                   ARTICLE II
                       COMMITMENTS, BORROWING AND ISSUANCE
                     PROCEDURES, NOTES AND LETTERS OF CREDIT

          SECTION 2.1. Commitments. On the terms and subject to the conditions
of this Agreement, the Lenders and each Issuer severally agree to make Credit
Extensions as set forth below.

          SECTION 2.1.1. Revolving Loan Commitments and Swing Line Loan
Commitments. From time to time on any Business Day occurring on and after the
Amendment Effective Date but prior to the applicable Revolving Loan Commitment
Termination Date,

          (a) (i) each U.S. Revolving Loan Lender agrees that it will make loans
     denominated in U.S. Dollars (relative to such Lender, its "U.S. Revolving
     Loans") to the U.S. Borrower equal to such Lender's U.S. Revolving Loan
     Percentage of the aggregate amount of each Borrowing of U.S. Revolving
     Loans requested by the U.S. Borrower to be made on such day, and (ii) the
     U.S. Swing Line Lender agrees that it will make loans denominated in U.S.
     Dollars (its "U.S. Swing Line Loans") to the U.S. Borrower equal to the
     principal amount of the U.S. Swing Line Loan requested by the U.S. Borrower
     to be made on such day. The Commitment of each such U.S. Revolving Loan
     Lender described above is herein referred to as its "U.S. Revolving Loan
     Commitment", and the Commitment of the U.S. Swing Line Lender described
     above is herein referred to as its "U.S. Swing Line Loan Commitment". On
     the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, the U.S. Borrower may from
     time to time borrow, prepay and reborrow U.S. Revolving Loans and U.S.
     Swing Line Loans; and

          (b) (i) each Canadian Revolving Loan Lender agrees that it will make
     loans denominated in U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars or accept Canadian
     BAs (relative to such Lender, its "Canadian Revolving Loans") to the
     Canadian Borrower equal to such Lender's Canadian Revolving Loan Percentage
     of the aggregate amount of each Borrowing of Canadian Revolving Loans
     requested by the Canadian Borrower to be made on such day, and (ii) the
     Canadian Swing Line Lender agrees that it will make loans denominated in
     U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars (its "Canadian Swing Line Loans") to the
     Canadian Borrower equal to the principal amount of the Canadian Swing Line
     Loan requested by the Canadian Borrower to be made on such day. The
     Commitment of each such Canadian Revolving Loan Lender described above is
     herein referred to as its "Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment", and the
     Commitment of the Canadian Swing Line Lender described above is herein
     referred to as its "Canadian Swing Line Loan Commitment". On the terms and
     subject to the conditions hereof, the Canadian Borrower may from time to
     time borrow, prepay (except in the case of Canadian BAs) and reborrow
     Canadian Revolving Loans and Canadian Swing Line Loans;

                                      -50-
<PAGE>
     provided that

          (c) no U.S. Revolving Loan Lender shall be permitted or required to
     make any U.S. Revolving Loan if, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate
     outstanding principal amount of all U.S. Revolving Loans of such U.S.
     Revolving Loan Lender, together with such U.S. Revolving Loan Lender's U.S.
     Revolving Loan Percentage of the aggregate amount of all U.S. Swing Line
     Loans and U.S. Letter of Credit Outstandings, would exceed such U.S.
     Revolving Loan Lender's U.S. Revolving Loan Percentage of the then existing
     U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment Amount;

          (d) no Canadian Revolving Loan Lender shall be permitted or required
     to make any Canadian Revolving Loan if, after giving effect thereto, the
     aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Canadian Revolving Loans of
     such Canadian Revolving Loan Lender (calculated, with respect to any
     Canadian Revolving Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, at the U.S.
     Dollar Equivalent thereof), together with such Canadian Revolving Loan
     Lender's Canadian Revolving Loan Percentage of the aggregate amount of all
     Canadian Swing Line Loans (calculated, with respect to any Canadian Swing
     Line Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent
     thereof) and Canadian Letter of Credit Outstandings (calculated, with
     respect to any Canadian Letters of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars,
     at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent thereof), would exceed such Canadian
     Revolving Loan Lender's Canadian Revolving Loan Percentage of the then
     existing Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment Amount;

          (e) the U.S. Swing Line Lender shall not be permitted or required to
     make U.S. Swing Line Loans if, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate
     outstanding principal amount of all U.S. Swing Line Loans would exceed (x)
     the then existing U.S. Swing Line Loan Commitment Amount or (y) when
     combined with the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all U.S.
     Revolving Loans and U.S. Letter of Credit Outstandings, the then existing
     U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment Amount; and

          (f) the Canadian Swing Line Lender shall not be permitted or required
     to make Canadian Swing Line Loans if, after giving effect thereto, the
     aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Canadian Swing Line Loans
     (calculated, with respect to any Canadian Swing Line Loans denominated in
     Canadian Dollars, at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent thereof) would exceed (x)
     the then existing Canadian Swing Line Loan Commitment Amount or (y) when
     combined with the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Canadian
     Revolving Loans (calculated, with respect to any Canadian Revolving Loans
     denominated in Canadian Dollars, at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent thereof) and
     Canadian Letter of Credit Outstandings (calculated, with respect to any
     Canadian Letters of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars, at the U.S.
     Dollar Equivalent thereof), the then existing Canadian Revolving Loan
     Commitment Amount.

          SECTION 2.1.2. Letter of Credit Commitments.

          (a) From time to time on any Business Day occurring on and after the
Amendment Effective Date but prior to the applicable Revolving Loan Commitment
Termination Date,

                                      -51-
<PAGE>
               (i) each U.S. Issuer agrees that it will (i) issue one or more
          trade letters of credit or standby letters of credit denominated in
          U.S. Dollars (each a "U.S. Letter of Credit") for the account of the
          U.S. Borrower or any Subsidiary in the Stated Amount requested by the
          U.S. Borrower on such day, or (ii) extend the Stated Expiry Date of an
          existing U.S. Letter of Credit previously issued hereunder; and

               (ii) each Canadian Issuer agrees that it will (i) issue one or
          more trade letters of credit or standby letters of credit denominated
          in U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars (each a "Canadian Letter of
          Credit") for the account of the Canadian Borrower or any Canadian
          Subsidiary in the Stated Amount requested by the Canadian Borrower on
          such day, or (ii) extend the Stated Expiry Date of an existing
          Canadian Letter of Credit previously issued hereunder.

          (b) No Stated Expiry Date shall extend beyond the earlier of (x) 30
days prior to the applicable Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date in the
case of trade Letters of Credit or 10 days prior to the applicable Revolving
Loan Commitment Termination Date in the case of standby Letters of Credit and
(y) unless otherwise agreed to by the respective Issuer in its sole discretion,
364 days from the date of such issuance or extension. Subject to the limitations
set forth in clause (x) above, a Letter of Credit may, if required by the
beneficiary thereof, contain "evergreen" provisions pursuant to which the Stated
Expiry Date shall be automatically extended; provided that, any such "evergreen"
provision must permit the applicable Issuer to prevent any such renewal at least
once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such
Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later
than a day in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such
Letter of Credit is issued.

          (c) No U.S. Issuer shall be permitted or required to issue any U.S.
Letter of Credit if, after giving effect thereto, (i) the aggregate amount of
all U.S. Letter of Credit Outstandings would exceed the U.S. Letter of Credit
Commitment Amount then in effect or (ii) the sum of the aggregate amount of all
U.S. Letter of Credit Outstandings plus the aggregate principal amount of all
U.S. Revolving Loans and U.S. Swing Line Loans then outstanding would exceed the
U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment Amount then in effect.

          (d) No Canadian Issuer shall be permitted or required to issue any
Canadian Letter of Credit if, after giving effect thereto, (i) the aggregate
amount of all Canadian Letter of Credit Outstandings (calculated, with respect
to any Canadian Letters of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars, at the U.S.
Dollar Equivalent thereof) would exceed the Canadian Letter of Credit Commitment
Amount then in effect or (ii) the sum of the aggregate amount of all Canadian
Letter of Credit Outstandings (calculated, with respect to any Canadian Letters
of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars, at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent
thereof) plus the aggregate principal amount of all Canadian Revolving Loans
(calculated, with respect to any Canadian Revolving Loans denominated in
Canadian Dollars, at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent thereof) and Canadian Swing Line
Loans (calculated, with respect to any Canadian Swing Line Loans denominated in
Canadian Dollars, at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent thereof) then outstanding would
exceed the Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment Amount then in effect.

                                      -52-
<PAGE>
          SECTION 2.1.3. Term Loan Commitments. In a single drawing on any
Business Day occurring on or prior to the Term Loan Commitment Termination Date,
each U.S. Lender that has a Term Loan Commitment agrees that it will make loans
denominated in U.S. Dollars (relative to such Lender, its "Term Loans") to the
U.S. Borrower equal to such U.S. Lender's Term Loan Percentage of the aggregate
amount of the Borrowings of Term Loans requested by the U.S. Borrower to be made
on such day not to exceed in the aggregate the Term Loan Commitment Amount. No
amounts paid or prepaid with respect to Term Loans may be reborrowed.

          SECTION 2.2. Reduction of the Commitment Amounts.

          (a) The U.S. Borrower may, from time to time on any Business Day
occurring after the Amendment Effective Date, voluntarily reduce the amount of
the U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment Amount, the U.S. Swing Line Loan Commitment
Amount or the U.S. Letter of Credit Commitment Amount on the Business Day so
specified by the U.S. Borrower; provided that all such reductions shall require
at least one Business Day's prior notice to the U.S. Administrative Agent and be
permanent, and any partial reduction of any such Commitment Amount shall be in a
minimum amount of $1,000,000 and in an integral multiple of $100,000. Any
optional or mandatory reduction of the U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment Amount
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement which reduces the U.S. Revolving Loan
Commitment Amount below the sum of (i) the U.S. Swing Line Loan Commitment
Amount and (ii) the U.S. Letter of Credit Commitment Amount shall result in an
automatic and corresponding reduction of the U.S. Swing Line Loan Commitment
Amount and/or U.S. Letter of Credit Commitment Amount (as directed by the U.S.
Borrower in a notice to the U.S. Administrative Agent delivered together with
the notice of such voluntary reduction in the U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment
Amount or, in the absence of such direction, pro rata based upon the respective
amounts thereof) to an aggregate amount not in excess of the U.S. Revolving Loan
Commitment Amount, as so reduced, without any further action on the part of the
U.S. Swing Line Lender or the U.S. Issuer.

          (b) The Canadian Borrower may, from time to time on any Business Day
occurring after the Amendment Effective Date, voluntarily reduce the amount of
the Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment Amount, the Canadian Swing Line Loan
Commitment Amount or the Canadian Letter of Credit Commitment Amount on the
Business Day so specified by the Canadian Borrower; provided that all such
reductions shall require at least one Business Day's prior notice to the
Canadian Administrative Agent and be permanent, and any partial reduction of any
such Commitment Amount shall be in a minimum amount of $1,000,000 and in an
integral multiple of $100,000. Any optional or mandatory reduction of the
Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment Amount pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement which reduces the Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment Amount below the
sum of (i) the Canadian Swing Line Loan Commitment Amount and (ii) the Canadian
Letter of Credit Commitment Amount shall result in an automatic and
corresponding reduction of the Canadian Swing Line Loan Commitment Amount and/or
Canadian Letter of Credit Commitment Amount (as directed by the Canadian
Borrower in a notice to the Canadian Administrative Agent delivered together
with the notice of such voluntary reduction in the Canadian Revolving Loan
Commitment Amount or, in the absence of such direction, pro rata based upon the
respective amounts thereof) to an aggregate amount not in excess of the Canadian
Revolving Loan Commitment Amount, as so reduced, without any further action on
the part of the Canadian Swing Line Lender or the Canadian Issuer.

                                      -53-
<PAGE>
          SECTION 2.3. Borrowing Procedures. Loans (other than Swing Line Loans)
shall be made by the Lenders in accordance with Section 2.3.1, and Swing Line
Loans shall be made by the Swing Line Lenders in accordance with Section 2.3.2.

          SECTION 2.3.1. Borrowing Procedures. In the case of Loans other than
Swing Line Loans, by delivering the appropriate Borrowing Request to the
applicable Administrative Agent not later than 2:00 p.m. on a Business Day, the
applicable Borrower may from time to time irrevocably request, on not less than
one Business Day's notice in the case of Base Rate Loans, or three Business
Days' notice in the case of Fixed Rate Loans, and in either case not more than
five Business Days' notice, that a Borrowing be made, in the case of either
Fixed Rate Loans or Base Rate Loans, in a minimum amount of either $1,000,000
(or, in the case of Canadian Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars,
Cdn$1,000,000) and in an integral multiple of $100,000 (or, in the case of
Canadian Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, Cdn$100,000) or the unused
amount of the applicable Commitment. On the terms and subject to the conditions
of this Agreement, each Borrowing shall be comprised of the type of Loans, and
shall be made on the Business Day, specified in such Borrowing Request. In the
case of Loans other than Swing Line Loans, not later than 2:00 p.m. on such
Business Day each Lender that has a Commitment to make the Loans being requested
shall deposit with the applicable Administrative Agent same day funds in an
amount equal to such Lender's Percentage of the requested Borrowing. Such
deposit will be made to an account which the applicable Administrative Agent
shall specify from time to time by notice to the applicable Lenders. To the
extent funds are received from the Lenders, the applicable Administrative Agent
shall promptly make such funds available to the applicable Borrower by wire
transfer to the account such Borrower shall have specified in its Borrowing
Request. No Lender's obligation to make any Loan shall be affected by any other
Lender's failure to make any Loan.

          SECTION 2.3.2. Swing Line Loan Borrowing Procedures. In the case of
Swing Line Loans:

          (a) By telephonic notice to the applicable Swing Line Lender not later
     than 12:00 noon on a Business Day (followed (within one Business Day) by
     the delivery of a confirming Borrowing Request), the applicable Borrower
     may from time to time irrevocably request that Swing Line Loans be made by
     such Swing Line Lender in an aggregate minimum principal amount of $500,000
     (or, in the case of Canadian Swing Line Loans denominated in Canadian
     Dollars, Cdn$500,000) and in an integral multiple of $100,000 (or, in the
     case of Canadian Swing Line Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars,
     Cdn$100,000). All Swing Line Loans shall be made as Base Rate Loans and
     shall not be entitled to be converted into Fixed Rate Loans. The proceeds
     of each Swing Line Loan shall be made available by the applicable Swing
     Line Lender to the applicable Borrower by wire transfer to the account such
     Borrower shall have specified in its notice therefor not later than 4:00
     p.m. on the Business Day telephonic notice is received by the applicable
     Swing Line Lender.

          (b) If (i) any Swing Line Loan shall be outstanding for more than
     three Business Days, (ii) any Swing Line Loan to a Borrower is or will be
     outstanding on a date when such Borrower requests that a Revolving Loan be
     made, or (iii) any Default shall occur and be continuing, then each
     Revolving Loan Lender with a Revolving Loan Commitment under the Facility
     applicable to such Swing Line Loan (other than the

                                      -54-
<PAGE>
     Swing Line Lender) irrevocably agrees that it will, at the request of the
     U.S. Swing Line Lender or Canadian Swing Line Lender, as the case may be,
     make a Revolving Loan (which shall initially be funded as a Base Rate Loan)
     in the same Currency as such Swing Line Loan and in an amount equal to such
     Lender's applicable Revolving Loan Percentage of the aggregate principal
     amount of all such Swing Line Loans then outstanding (such outstanding
     Swing Line Loans of such Currency hereinafter referred to as the "Refunded
     Swing Line Loans"). Not later than 2:00 p.m. on the first Business Day
     following receipt by each Revolving Loan Lender of a request to make
     Revolving Loans as provided in the preceding sentence, each such Revolving
     Loan Lender shall deposit in an account specified by the U.S. Swing Line
     Lender or Canadian Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, the amount so
     requested in same day funds and such funds shall be applied by such Swing
     Line Lender to repay the Refunded Swing Line Loans. At the time the
     applicable Revolving Loan Lenders make the above referenced Revolving
     Loans, the U.S. Swing Line Lender or Canadian Swing Line Lender, as the
     case may be, shall be deemed to have made, in consideration of the making
     of the Refunded Swing Line Loans, Revolving Loans in an amount equal to
     such Swing Line Lender's applicable Revolving Loan Percentage of the
     aggregate principal amount of such Refunded Swing Line Loans. Upon the
     making (or deemed making, in the case of the Swing Line Lenders) of any
     Revolving Loans pursuant to this clause (b), the amount so funded shall
     become outstanding under such Revolving Loan Lender's U.S. Revolving Note
     or Canadian Revolving Note, as the case may be, and shall no longer be owed
     under the U.S. Swing Line Note or Canadian Swing Line Note, as the case may
     be. All interest payable with respect to any Revolving Loans made (or
     deemed made, in the case of the Swing Line Lenders) pursuant to this clause
     (b) shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect the period of time during
     which the applicable Swing Line Lender had outstanding Swing Line Loans in
     respect of which such Revolving Loans were made. Each Revolving Loan
     Lender's obligation to make the Revolving Loans referred to in this clause
     (b) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any
     circumstance, including (i) any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense
     or other right which such Lender may have against the applicable Swing Line
     Lender, any Obligor or any Person for any reason whatsoever; (ii) the
     occurrence or continuance of any Default; (iii) any adverse change in the
     condition (financial or otherwise) of any Obligor; (iv) the acceleration or
     maturity of any Obligations or the termination of any Commitment after the
     making of any related Swing Line Loan; (v) any breach of any Loan Document
     by any Person; or (vi) any other circumstance, happening or event
     whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing.

          (c) The applicable Swing Line Lender and applicable Borrower may
     modify the manner of providing notice and the timing of notices and
     payments set forth in this Section 2.3.2 without the consent of any other
     Lender, provided that such modifications could not reasonably be expected
     to have an adverse effect on the other Lenders.

          SECTION 2.4. Continuation and Conversion Elections. By delivering the
applicable Continuation/Conversion Notice to the applicable Administrative Agent
not later than 2:00 p.m. on a Business Day, the applicable Borrower may from
time to time irrevocably elect, on not less than one Business Day's notice in
the case of conversions into Base Rate Loans, or three Business Days' notice in
the case of continuations of or conversions into Fixed Rate Loans, and in either
case not more than five Business Days' notice, that all, or any portion in an
aggre-

                                      -55-
<PAGE>
gate minimum amount of $1,000,000 (or, in the case of Canadian Loans denominated
in Canadian Dollars, in an aggregate minimum amount of Cdn$1,000,000) and in an
integral multiple of $100,000 (or, in the case of Canadian Loans denominated in
Canadian Dollars, in an integral multiple of Cdn$100,000) be, in the case of
Base Rate Loans, converted into Fixed Rate Loans or be, in the case of Fixed
Rate Loans, converted into Base Rate Loans or continued as Fixed Rate Loans (in
the absence of delivery of a Continuation/Conversion Notice with respect to any
Fixed Rate Loan at least three Business Days (but not more than five Business
Days) before the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect
thereto, such Fixed Rate Loan shall, on such last day, automatically convert to
a Base Rate Loan); provided that (x) each such conversion or continuation shall
be pro rated among the applicable outstanding Loans of all Lenders that have
made such Loans, and (y) no portion of the outstanding principal amount of any
Loans may be continued as, or be converted into, Fixed Rate Loans when any
Payment Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing to the extent
the U.S. Administrative Agent has or Required Lenders have notified the
Borrowers that the occurrence and continuance of such Payment Default or Event
of Default shall prevent the Borrowers from so continuing or converting such
Loans.

          SECTION 2.4.1. Converting Canadian Prime Rate Loans to, or Continuing
Canadian BAs as, Canadian BAs. Provided that the Canadian Borrower has, by
giving notice to the Canadian Administrative Agent in accordance with Section
2.4, requested the Canadian Lenders to accept its drafts to replace all or a
portion of an outstanding Canadian Loan, then each Canadian Lender shall, on the
date of conversion or continuation, as applicable, and concurrent with the
payment by the Canadian Borrower to the Canadian Administrative Agent on behalf
of the Canadian Lenders of an amount equal to the difference between the
principal or face amount of such outstanding Canadian Loan or the portion
thereof which is being converted or continued and the aggregate Notional BA
Proceeds with respect to the drafts to be accepted by the Canadian Lenders,
accept the Canadian Borrower's draft or drafts having an aggregate face amount
equal to its Percentage of the aggregate principal or face amount of such
Canadian Loan or the portion thereof which is being converted or continued, such
acceptance to be in accordance with Section 2.9.

          SECTION 2.4.2. Converting Canadian BAs to Canadian Prime Rate Loans.
Each Canadian Lender shall, at the end of an Interest Period with respect to
Canadian BAs which such Canadian Lender has accepted, pay to the holder thereof
the face amount of such Canadian BA; provided that the Canadian Borrower has, by
giving notice to the Canadian Administrative Agent in accordance with Section
2.4, requested a Canadian Lender to convert all or a portion of outstanding
maturing Canadian BAs into a Canadian Prime Rate Loan, such Canadian Lender
shall, upon the end of the current Interest Period with respect to such Canadian
BAs and the payment by such Canadian Lender to the holders of such Canadian BAs
of the aggregate face amount thereof, be deemed to have made to the Canadian
Borrower the Canadian Prime Rate Loan into which the matured Canadian BAs or a
portion thereof are converted in the aggregate principal amount equal to its
Canadian Revolving Loan Percentage of the aggregate face amount of the matured
Canadian BAs or the portion thereof which are being converted.

          SECTION 2.5. Funding. Each Lender may, if it so elects, fulfill its
obligation to make, continue or convert Eurodollar Loans hereunder by causing
one of its foreign branches or Affiliates (or an international banking facility
created by such Lender) to make or maintain

                                      -56-
<PAGE>
such Eurodollar Loan; provided that such Eurodollar Loan shall nonetheless be
deemed to have been made and to be held by such Lender, and the obligation of
the U.S. Borrower to repay such Eurodollar Loan shall nevertheless be to such
Lender for the account of such foreign branch, Affiliate or international
banking facility. In addition, for purposes of any determination to be made for
purposes of Section 4.1, 4.2, 4.3 or 4.4, it shall be conclusively assumed that
each Lender elected to fund all Eurodollar Loans by purchasing deposits in its
Eurodollar Office's interbank eurodollar market (as such office may be changed
from time to time pursuant to Section 4.11 or otherwise).

          SECTION 2.6. Letter of Credit Issuance Procedures. By delivering to
the applicable Administrative Agent an appropriate Issuance Request not later
than 12:00 noon on a Business Day, the applicable Borrower may from time to time
irrevocably request on not less than three nor more than ten Business Days'
notice in the case of an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, and not less
than three Business Days' prior notice in the case of a request for the
extension of the Stated Expiry Date of a Letter of Credit (in each case, unless
a shorter notice period is agreed to by the applicable Issuer, in its sole
discretion), that the applicable Issuer issue, or extend the Stated Expiry Date
of, a Letter of Credit on behalf of such Borrower (whether issued for the
account of or on behalf of such Borrower or any Subsidiary in accordance with
Section 2.1.2(a)) in such form as may be requested by such Borrower and approved
by such Issuer (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld), solely for the
purposes described in Section 7.1.7. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein or in any separate application for any Letter of Credit, (a)
the U.S. Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that it shall be deemed to be
the obligor for purposes of each U.S. Letter of Credit issued hereunder and (b)
the Canadian Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that it shall be deemed to
be the obligor for purposes of each Canadian Letter of Credit issued hereunder
(in each case, whether the account party on such Letter of Credit is such
Borrower or, in the case of (x) any U.S. Letter of Credit, a Subsidiary or (y)
any Canadian Letter of Credit, a Canadian Subsidiary) and shall be obligated to
reimburse the Issuer of such Letter of Credit in accordance with the
reimbursement provisions herein. Each Letter of Credit shall by its terms be
stated to expire on a date (its "Stated Expiry Date") no later than the earlier
to occur of (i) 30 days prior to the applicable Revolving Loan Commitment
Termination Date in the case of standby Letters of Credit or 10 days prior to
the applicable Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date in the case of trade
Letters of Credit or (ii) (unless otherwise agreed to by the applicable Issuer,
in its sole discretion), 364 days from the date of its issuance or extension.
Subject to the limitations set forth in clause (i) above, a Letter of Credit
may, if required by the beneficiary thereof, contain "evergreen" provisions
pursuant to which the Stated Expiry Date shall be automatically extended;
provided that, any such "evergreen" provision must permit the applicable Issuer
to prevent any such renewal at least once in each twelve-month period
(commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior
notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day in each such twelve-month
period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. The Issuer
of a Letter of Credit hereunder will make available to the beneficiary thereof
the original of such Letter of Credit which it issues.

          SECTION 2.6.1. Other Lenders' Participation. Upon the issuance of each
Letter of Credit, and without further action, each Revolving Loan Lender (other
than the Issuer thereof) shall be deemed to have irrevocably purchased, to the
extent of its U.S. Revolving Loan Percentage of such Letter of Credit (in the
case of any U.S. Letter of Credit) or Canadian Re-

                                      -57-
<PAGE>
volving Loan Percentage of such Letter of Credit (in the case of any Canadian
Letter of Credit), a participation interest in such Letter of Credit (including
the Contingent Liability and any Reimbursement Obligation with respect thereto),
and such Revolving Loan Lender shall, to the extent of its U.S. Revolving Loan
Percentage of such Letter of Credit (in the case of any U.S. Letter of Credit)
or Canadian Revolving Loan Percentage of such Letter of Credit (in the case of
any Canadian Letter of Credit), be responsible for reimbursing within one
Business Day after receipt of a request therefor, such Issuer for Reimbursement
Obligations with respect to such Letter of Credit which have not been reimbursed
by the applicable Borrower in accordance with Section 2.6.3. In addition, such
Revolving Loan Lender shall be entitled to receive its U.S. Revolving Loan
Percentage or Canadian Revolving Loan Percentage, as the case may be, of the
Letter of Credit fees payable pursuant to Section 3.3.3 with respect to each
such Letter of Credit (other than the issuance fees payable to the Issuer of
such Letter of Credit pursuant to the last sentence of Section 3.3.3) and of
interest payable pursuant to Section 2.6.2 with respect to any Reimbursement
Obligation. To the extent that any Revolving Loan Lender has reimbursed an
Issuer of a Letter of Credit for a Disbursement, such Lender shall be entitled
to receive its ratable portion of any amounts subsequently received (from the
applicable Borrower or otherwise) in respect of such Disbursement.

          SECTION 2.6.2. Disbursements. The applicable Issuer of a Letter of
Credit hereunder will notify the Borrower which requested the issuance of such
Letter of Credit and the applicable Administrative Agent promptly of the
presentment for payment of such Letter of Credit, together with notice of the
date (the "Disbursement Date") such payment shall be made (each such payment, a
"Disbursement"). Subject to the terms and provisions of such Letter of Credit
and this Agreement, such Issuer shall make such payment to the beneficiary (or
its designee) of such Letter of Credit. Not later than 12:00 noon on the first
Business Day following the Disbursement Date, such Borrower will reimburse such
Administrative Agent, for the account of such Issuer, for all amounts which such
Issuer has disbursed under such Letter of Credit in good faith, together with
interest thereon at a rate per annum equal to the rate per annum then in effect
for Alternate Base Rate Loans in the case of Disbursements relating to Letters
of Credit denominated in U.S. Dollars and for Canadian Prime Rate Loans in the
case of Disbursements relating to Letters of Credit denominated in Canadian
Dollars (with the then Applicable Margin for Revolving Loans accruing on such
amount) pursuant to Section 3.2 for the period from the Disbursement Date
through the date of such reimbursement.

          SECTION 2.6.3. Reimbursement. The obligation (a "Reimbursement
Obligation") of the applicable Borrower under Section 2.6.2 to reimburse an
Issuer hereunder with respect to each Disbursement (including interest thereon)
under Letters of Credit issued by such Issuer, and, upon the failure of such
Borrower to reimburse such Issuer therefor, each Revolving Loan Lender's
obligation under Section 2.6.1 to reimburse such Issuer according to its
applicable Percentage of the applicable Revolving Loan Commitment Amount, shall
be absolute and unconditional under any and all circumstances and irrespective
of any setoff, counterclaim or defense to payment which such Borrower or such
Revolving Loan Lender, as the case may be, may have or have had against such
Issuer or any Lender, including any defense based upon the failure of any
Disbursement to conform to the terms of the applicable Letter of Credit (if, in
an Issuer's good faith opinion, such Disbursement is determined to be
appropriate) or any non-application or misapplication by the beneficiary of the
proceeds of such Letter of Credit so long as such Disbursement is made in good
faith; provided that after paying in full its Reimbursement Obligation

                                      -58-
<PAGE>
hereunder, nothing herein shall adversely affect the right of such Borrower or
such Lender, as the case may be, to commence any proceeding against an Issuer
for any wrongful Disbursement made by such Issuer under a Letter of Credit as a
result of acts or omissions constituting gross negligence, bad faith or willful
misconduct on the part of such Issuer.

          SECTION 2.6.4. Deemed Disbursements. Upon the occurrence and during
the continuation of any Default under Section 8.1.9 or, upon notification by the
U.S. Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) to
the applicable Borrower of its obligations under this Section, at any time
following the occurrence and during the continuation of any other Event of
Default, (i) the aggregate Stated Amount of all Letters of Credit shall, without
demand upon or notice to either Borrower or any other Person, be deemed to have
been paid or disbursed by the applicable Issuers of such Letters of Credit
(notwithstanding that such amount may not in fact have been paid or disbursed),
and (ii) the applicable Borrower shall be immediately obligated to deposit with
(x) the U.S. Administrative Agent the amount deemed to have been so paid or
disbursed by the U.S. Issuers and (y) the Canadian Administrative Agent the
amount deemed to have been so paid or disbursed by the Canadian Issuers. Amounts
payable by such Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be deposited in
immediately available funds with the applicable Administrative Agent and held as
collateral security for the Reimbursement Obligations of such Borrower. When all
Defaults giving rise to the deemed disbursements under this Section 2.6.4 have
been cured or waived the applicable Administrative Agent shall return to the
applicable Borrower all amounts received from such Borrower then on deposit with
such Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.6.4 which have not been
applied to the satisfaction of actual Reimbursement Obligations of such Borrower
not arising by operation of this Section 2.6.4.

          SECTION 2.6.5. Nature of Reimbursement Obligations. Each Obligor and,
to the extent set forth in Section 2.6.1, each Revolving Loan Lender shall
assume all risks of the acts, omissions or misuse of any Letter of Credit by the
beneficiary thereof. No Issuer (except to the extent of its own bad faith, gross
negligence or willful misconduct) shall be responsible for:

          (a) the form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness or legal
     effect of any Letter of Credit or any document submitted by any party in
     connection with the application for and issuance of a Letter of Credit,
     even if it should in fact prove to be in any or all respects invalid,
     insufficient, inaccurate, fraudulent or forged;

          (b) the form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness or legal
     effect of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to
     transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder
     or the proceeds thereof in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid
     or ineffective for any reason;

          (c) failure of the beneficiary to comply fully with conditions
     required in order to demand payment under a Letter of Credit;

          (d) errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or
     delivery of any messages, by mail, telecopier, cable, telegraph, telex or
     otherwise; or

          (e) any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document
     or draft required in order to make a Disbursement under a Letter of Credit.

                                      -59-
<PAGE>
          SECTION 2.6.6. Deemed Issuance of Existing Letters of Credit. All
Letters of Credit outstanding under (and as defined in) the Original Credit
Agreement on the Amendment Effective Date shall, for all purposes hereof, be
deemed to be U.S. Letters of Credit issued, and shall be deemed to constitute a
usage of the U.S. Letter of Credit Commitment Amount, hereunder on the Amendment
Effective Date.

          SECTION 2.7. U.S. Register; U.S. Notes.

          (a) Each U.S. Lender may maintain in accordance with its usual
practice an account or accounts evidencing the Indebtedness of the U.S. Borrower
to such U.S. Lender resulting from each U.S. Loan made by such U.S. Lender to
the U.S. Borrower, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and
paid to such U.S. Lender from time to time hereunder. In the case of a U.S.
Lender that does not request, pursuant to clause (c) below, execution and
delivery of a U.S. Note or U.S. Notes evidencing the U.S. Loans made by such
U.S. Lender to the U.S. Borrower, such account or accounts shall, to the extent
not inconsistent with the notations made by the U.S. Administrative Agent in the
U.S. Register, be conclusive and binding on the U.S. Borrower absent manifest
error; provided that the failure of any U.S. Lender to maintain or correctly
maintain such account or accounts shall not limit or otherwise affect any
Obligations of the U.S. Borrower or any other Obligor.

          (b) The U.S. Borrower hereby designates the U.S. Administrative Agent
to serve as the U.S. Borrower's agent, solely for the purpose of this clause
(b), to maintain a register (the "U.S. Register") in which the U.S.
Administrative Agent will record each U.S. Lender's U.S. Commitments, the U.S.
Loans made by each U.S. Lender to the U.S. Borrower and each repayment in
respect of the principal amount of the U.S. Loans of each U.S. Lender to the
U.S. Borrower and annexed to which the U.S. Administrative Agent shall retain a
copy of each Lender Assignment Agreement delivered to the U.S. Administrative
Agent pursuant to Section 12.11. Failure to make any recordation, or any error
in such recordation, shall not affect the U.S. Borrower's or any other
applicable Obligor's obligation in respect of such Loans. The entries in the
U.S. Register shall be conclusive, in the absence of manifest error, and the
U.S. Borrower, the U.S. Administrative Agent and the U.S. Lenders shall treat
each Person in whose name a U.S. Loan (and as provided in clause (c) the U.S.
Note evidencing such U.S. Loan, if any) is registered as the owner thereof for
all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice or any provision herein
to the contrary. Subject to the last sentence of Section 12.11(a), a U.S.
Lender's Commitment and the U.S. Loans made pursuant thereto may be assigned or
otherwise transferred in whole or in part only by registration of such
assignment or transfer in the U.S. Register. Any assignment or transfer of a
U.S. Lender's Commitment and/or the U.S. Loans made pursuant thereto shall be
registered in the U.S. Register only upon delivery to the U.S. Administrative
Agent of a Lender Assignment Agreement duly executed by the assignor and
assignee thereof. Subject to the last sentence of Section 12.11(a), no
assignment or transfer of a U.S. Lender's Commitment or the Loans made pursuant
thereto shall be effective unless such assignment or transfer shall have been
recorded in the U.S. Register by the U.S. Administrative Agent as provided in
this Section 2.7.

          (c) The U.S. Borrower agrees that, upon the request to the U.S.
Administrative Agent by any U.S. Lender, the U.S. Borrower will execute and
deliver to such Lender, as applicable, a Term Note, U.S. Revolving Note and/or
U.S. Swing Line Note evidencing the U.S. Loans made by such U.S. Lender to the
U.S. Borrower. The U.S. Borrower hereby irrevocably

                                      -60-
<PAGE>
authorizes each U.S. Lender to make (or cause to be made) appropriate notations
on the grid attached to such U.S. Lender's U.S. Notes (or on any continuation of
such grid), which notations, if made, shall evidence, inter alia, the date of,
the outstanding principal amount of, and the interest rate and Interest Period
applicable to the U.S. Loans evidenced thereby. Such notations shall, to the
extent not inconsistent with the notations made by the U.S. Administrative Agent
in the U.S. Register, be conclusive and binding on the U.S. Borrower absent
manifest error; provided that the failure of any U.S. Lender to make any such
notations or any error in any such notation shall not limit or otherwise affect
any Obligations of any Obligor. The U.S. Loans evidenced by any such U.S. Note
and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to
Section 12.11) be represented by one or more U.S. Notes payable to the order of
the payee named therein and its registered assigns. Subject to the last sentence
of Section 12.11(a), a U.S. Note and the obligation evidenced thereby may be
assigned or otherwise transferred in whole or in part only by registration of
such assignment or transfer of such Note and the obligation evidenced thereby in
the U.S. Register (and each U.S. Note shall expressly so provide). Any
assignment or transfer of all or part of an obligation evidenced by a U.S. Note
shall be registered in the U.S. Register only upon surrender for registration of
assignment or transfer of the U.S. Note evidencing such obligation, accompanied
by a Lender Assignment Agreement duly executed by the assignor thereof, and
thereupon, if requested by the assignee, one or more new U.S. Notes shall be
issued to the designated assignee and the old U.S. Note shall be returned by the
U.S. Administrative Agent to the U.S. Borrower marked "exchanged". Subject to
the last sentence of Section 12.11(a), no assignment of a U.S. Note and the
obligation evidenced thereby shall be effective unless it shall have been
recorded in the U.S. Register by the U.S. Administrative Agent as provided in
this Section 2.7.

          SECTION 2.8. Canadian Registers; Canadian Notes.

          (a) Each Canadian Lender may maintain in accordance with its usual
practice an account or accounts evidencing the Indebtedness of the Canadian
Borrower to such Canadian Lender resulting from each Canadian Loan made by such
Canadian Lender to the Canadian Borrower, including the amounts of principal and
interest payable and paid to such Canadian Lender from time to time hereunder.
In the case of a Canadian Lender that does not request, pursuant to clause (c)
below, execution and delivery of a Canadian Note or Canadian Notes evidencing
the Canadian Loans made by such Canadian Lender to the Canadian Borrower, such
account or accounts shall, to the extent not inconsistent with the notations
made by the Canadian Administrative Agent in the Canadian Register, be
conclusive and binding on the Canadian Borrower absent manifest error; provided
that the failure of any Canadian Lender to maintain or correctly maintain such
account or accounts shall not limit or otherwise affect any Obligations of the
Canadian Borrower or any other Obligor.

          (b) The Canadian Borrower hereby designates the Canadian
Administrative Agent to serve as the Canadian Borrower's agent, solely for the
purpose of this clause (b), to maintain a register (a "Canadian Register") in
which the Canadian Administrative Agent will record each Canadian Lender's
Commitments, the Canadian Loans made by each applicable Canadian Lender to the
Canadian Borrower and each repayment in respect of the principal amount of such
Canadian Loans of each such Canadian Lender to the Canadian Borrower and annexed
to which such Canadian Administrative Agent shall retain a copy of each Lender
Assignment Agreement delivered to the Canadian Administrative Agent pursuant to
Section 12.11. Failure to

                                      -61-
<PAGE>
make any recordation, or any error in such recordation, shall not affect the
Canadian Borrower's or any other applicable Obligor's obligation in respect of
the Canadian Loans. The entries in a Canadian Register shall be conclusive, in
the absence of manifest error, and the Canadian Borrower, the Canadian
Administrative Agent and the applicable Canadian Lenders shall treat each Person
in whose name a Canadian Loan (and as provided in clause (c) the Canadian Note
evidencing such Canadian Loan, if any) is registered as the owner thereof for
all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice or any provision herein
to the contrary. Subject to the last sentence of Section 12.11(a), a Canadian
Lender's Canadian Commitment and the Canadian Loans made pursuant thereto may be
assigned or otherwise transferred in whole or in part only by registration of
such assignment or transfer in the Canadian Register. Any assignment or transfer
of a Canadian Lender's Canadian Commitment and/or the Canadian Loans made
pursuant thereto shall be registered in the Canadian Register only upon delivery
to the Canadian Administrative Agent of a Lender Assignment Agreement duly
executed by the assignor and assignee thereof. Subject to the last sentence of
Section 12.11(a), no assignment or transfer of a Canadian Lender's Canadian
Commitment or the Canadian Loans made pursuant thereto shall be effective unless
such assignment or transfer shall have been recorded in the Canadian Register by
the Canadian Administrative Agent as provided in this Section 2.8.

          (c) The Canadian Borrower agrees that, upon the request to the
Canadian Administrative Agent by any Canadian Lender, the Canadian Borrower will
execute and deliver to such Canadian Lender, as applicable, a Canadian Revolving
Note and/or Canadian Swing Line Note evidencing the Canadian Loans made by such
Canadian Lender. The Canadian Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes each
Canadian Lender to make (or cause to be made) appropriate notations on the grid
attached to such Canadian Lender's Canadian Notes (or on any continuation of
such grid), which notations, if made, shall evidence, inter alia, the date of,
the outstanding principal amount of, and the interest rate and Interest Period
applicable to the Canadian Loans evidenced thereby. Such notations shall, to the
extent not inconsistent with the notations made by the Canadian Administrative
Agent in the Canadian Register, be conclusive and binding on the Canadian
Borrower absent manifest error; provided that the failure of any Canadian Lender
to make any such notations or any error in any such notation shall not limit or
otherwise affect any Obligations of any Obligor. The Canadian Loans evidenced by
any such Canadian Note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after
assignment pursuant to Section 12.11) be represented by one or more Canadian
Notes payable to the order of the payee named therein and its registered
assigns. Subject to the last sentence of Section 12.11(a), a Canadian Note and
the obligation evidenced thereby may be assigned or otherwise transferred in
whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or transfer of such
Canadian Note and the obligation evidenced thereby in the Canadian Register (and
each Canadian Note shall expressly so provide). Any assignment or transfer of
all or part of an obligation evidenced by a Canadian Note shall be registered in
the Canadian Register only upon surrender for registration of assignment or
transfer of the Canadian Note evidencing such obligation, accompanied by a
Lender Assignment Agreement duly executed by the assignor thereof, and
thereupon, if requested by the assignee, one or more new Canadian Notes shall be
issued to the designated assignee and the old Canadian Note shall be returned by
the Canadian Administrative Agent to the Canadian Borrower marked "exchanged".
Subject to the last sentence of Section 12.11(a), no assignment of a Canadian
Note and the obligation evidenced thereby shall be effective unless it shall
have been recorded in the Canadian Register by the Canadian Administrative Agent
as provided in this Section 2.8.

                                      -62-
<PAGE>
          SECTION 2.9. Canadian BAs. Not in limitation of any other provision of
this Agreement, but in furtherance thereof, the provisions of this Section 2.9
shall further apply to the acceptance, rolling over and conversion of Canadian
BAs.

          SECTION 2.9.1. Funding of Canadian BAs. If the Canadian Administrative
Agent receives a Borrowing Request or a Continuation/Conversion Notice from the
Canadian Borrower requesting a Borrowing or a rollover of or a conversion into a
Canadian Loan by way of Canadian BAs, the Canadian Administrative Agent shall
notify each of the applicable Canadian Lenders, prior to 11:00 a.m., Toronto
time, on the second Business Day prior to the date of such Credit Extension, of
such request and of each such Canadian Lender's Canadian Revolving Loan
Percentage of such Canadian Revolving Loan. Each applicable Canadian Lender
shall, not later than 11:00 a.m., Toronto time, on the date of each Canadian
Revolving Loan by way of Canadian BAs (whether in respect of the Credit
Extension or pursuant to a rollover or conversion), accept drafts of the
Canadian Borrower which are presented to it for acceptance and which have an
aggregate face amount equal to such Canadian Lender's Canadian Revolving Loan
Percentage of the total Credit Extension being made available by way of Canadian
BAs on such date. With respect to each drawdown of, rollover of or conversion
into Canadian BAs, each such Canadian Lender shall not be required to accept any
draft which has a face amount which is not in an integral multiple of
Cdn$100,000. Concurrent with the acceptance of drafts of the Canadian Borrower
as aforesaid, each applicable Canadian Lender shall make available to the
Canadian Administrative Agent the aggregate Notional BA Proceeds with respect to
the Canadian BAs being purchased by such Canadian Lender (net of the aggregate
amount required to repay such Canadian Lender's outstanding Canadian BAs that
are maturing on such date and/or Canadian Prime Rate Loans of such Canadian
Lender that are being converted on such date). The Canadian Administrative Agent
shall, upon fulfillment by the Canadian Borrower of the terms and conditions set
forth in Article V, make such amount, if any, received from the applicable
Canadian Lenders available to the Canadian Borrower on the date of such Credit
Extension by crediting the designated account of the Canadian Borrower. Each
Canadian BA to be accepted by any Canadian Lender shall be accepted by such
Canadian Lender at its Domestic Office located in Canada.

          SECTION 2.9.2. Execution of Canadian BAs. To facilitate the acceptance
of Canadian BAs hereunder, the Canadian Borrower hereby appoints each Canadian
Lender as its attorney to sign and endorse on its behalf, as and when considered
necessary by the Canadian Lender, an appropriate number of drafts in the form
prescribed by that Canadian Lender. Each Canadian Lender may, at its option,
execute any draft in handwriting or by the facsimile or mechanical signature of
any of its authorized officers, and the Canadian Lenders are hereby authorized
to accept or pay, as the case may be, any draft of the Canadian Borrower which
purports to bear such a signature notwithstanding that any such individual has
ceased to be an authorized officer of the Canadian Lender, in which case any
such draft or Canadian BA shall be as valid as if he or she were an authorized
officer at the date of issue of the draft or Canadian BA. Any drafts or Canadian
BA signed by a Canadian Lender as attorney for the Canadian Borrower, whether
signed in handwriting or by the facsimile or mechanical signature of an
authorized officer of a Canadian Lender, may be dealt with by the Canadian
Administrative Agent or any Canadian Lender to all intents and purposes and
shall bind the Canadian Borrower as if duly signed and issued by the Canadian
Borrower. The receipt by the Canadian Administrative Agent of a request for a
Borrowing by way of Canadian BAs shall be each applicable Canadian Lender's
sufficient authority to execute, and each applicable Canadian Lender shall,
subject to the terms

                                      -63-
<PAGE>
and conditions of this Agreement, execute drafts in accordance with such request
and the advice of the Canadian Administrative Agent given pursuant to this
Section 2.9.2, and the drafts so executed shall thereupon be deemed to have been
presented for acceptance.

          SECTION 2.9.3. Special Provisions Relating to Acceptance Notes.

          (a) The Canadian Borrower and each applicable Canadian Lender hereby
acknowledge and agree that from time to time certain Canadian Lenders may not be
authorized to or may, as a matter of general corporate policy, elect not to
accept Canadian BA drafts, and the Canadian Borrower and each applicable
Canadian Lender agrees that any such Canadian Lender may purchase Acceptance
Notes of the Canadian Borrower in accordance with the provisions of Section
2.9.3(b) in lieu of accepting Canadian BAs for its account.

          (b) In the event that any Canadian Lender described in Section
2.9.3(a) above is unable to, or elects as a matter of general corporate policy
not to, accept Canadian BAs hereunder, such Canadian Lender shall not accept
Canadian BAs hereunder, but rather, if the Canadian Borrower requests the
acceptance of such Canadian BAs, the Canadian Borrower shall deliver to such
Canadian Lender non-interest bearing promissory notes (each, an "Acceptance
Note") of the Canadian Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-6
hereto, having the same maturity as the Canadian BAs that would otherwise be
accepted by such Canadian Lender and in an aggregate principal amount equal to
the undiscounted face amount of such Canadian BAs. Each such Canadian Lender
hereby agrees to purchase each Acceptance Note from the Canadian Borrower at a
purchase price equal to the Notional BA Proceeds for a Lender which would have
been applicable if a Canadian BA draft had been accepted by such Lender and such
Acceptance Notes shall be governed by the provisions of this Article II as if
they were Canadian BAs.

                                  ARTICLE III
                   REPAYMENTS, PREPAYMENTS, INTEREST AND FEES

          SECTION 3.1. Repayments and Prepayments; Application. Each Borrower
agrees that the Loans shall be repaid and prepaid pursuant to the following
terms.

          SECTION 3.1.1. Repayments and Prepayments. Each Borrower shall repay
in full the unpaid principal amount of each Loan made to it upon the applicable
Stated Maturity Date therefor. Prior thereto, payments and prepayments of Loans
shall or may be made as set forth below.

          (a) From time to time on any Business Day, either Borrower may make a
voluntary prepayment, in whole or in part, of the outstanding principal amount
of any

               (i) Loans (other than Swing Line Loans and Canadian BAs);
          provided that (A) any such prepayment of the Term Loans shall be made
          pro rata among Term Loans of the same type and, if applicable, having
          the same Interest Period of all Lenders that have made such Term Loans
          (to be applied as set forth in Section 3.1.2), and any such prepayment
          of Revolving Loans of any Tranche shall be

                                      -64-
<PAGE>
          made pro rata among the Revolving Loans of such Tranche of the same
          type and, if applicable, having the same Interest Period of all
          Lenders that have made such Revolving Loans (to be applied as set
          forth in Section 3.1.2); (B) all such voluntary prepayments shall
          require at least one but no more than five Business Days' prior
          written notice to the applicable Administrative Agent; and (C) all
          such voluntary partial prepayments shall be in an aggregate minimum
          amount of $1,000,000 (or, in the case of Canadian Loans denominated in
          Canadian Dollars, Cdn$1,000,000) and in an integral multiple of
          $100,000 (or, in the case of Canadian Loans denominated in Canadian
          Dollars, Cdn$100,000), or in the aggregate principal amount of all
          Loans of the applicable Tranche and type then outstanding; and

               (ii) Swing Line Loans; provided that

                 (A) all such voluntary prepayments shall require prior
          telephonic notice to the applicable Swing Line Lender not later than
          2:00 p.m. on the day of such prepayment (such notice to be confirmed
          in writing within 24 hours thereafter); and

                 (B) all such voluntary partial prepayments shall be, in the
          case of U.S. Swing Line Loans, in an aggregate minimum amount of
          $500,000 and in an integral multiple of $100,000, and, in the case of
          Canadian Swing Line Loans, in an aggregate minimum amount of $500,000
          and in an integral multiple of $100,000 (or, in the case of Canadian
          Swing Line Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, in an aggregate
          minimum amount of Cdn$500,000 and in an integral multiple of
          Cdn$100,000).

          (b) (i) On each date when the sum of (A) the aggregate outstanding
principal amount of all U.S. Revolving Loans and U.S. Swing Line Loans and (B)
the aggregate amount of all U.S. Letter of Credit Outstandings exceeds the U.S.
Revolving Loan Commitment Amount as then in effect, the U.S. Borrower shall make
a mandatory prepayment of U.S. Revolving Loans or U.S. Swing Line Loans (or
both) to the U.S. Administrative Agent and, if necessary, Cash Collateralize
U.S. Letter of Credit Outstandings, in an aggregate amount equal to such excess.

          (ii) Except as otherwise provided in clause (iii) below, on each date
when the sum of (A) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Canadian
Revolving Loans and Canadian Swing Line Loans and (B) the aggregate amount of
all Canadian Letter of Credit Outstandings exceeds the Canadian Revolving Loan
Commitment Amount as then in effect, the Canadian Borrower shall make a
mandatory prepayment of Canadian Revolving Loans or Canadian Swing Line Loans
(or both) to the Canadian Administrative Agent and, if necessary, Cash
Collateralize Canadian Letter of Credit Outstandings, in an aggregate amount
equal to such excess.

          (iii) In the event any outstanding Canadian Revolving Loans, Canadian
Swing Line Loans or Canadian Letter of Credit Outstandings are denominated in
Canadian Dollars, within one Business Day following the receipt of a notice from
the Canadian Administrative Agent that

                                      -65-
<PAGE>
          (A) solely because of a fluctuation in the U.S. Dollar Equivalent
     thereof, the sum of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Canadian
     Revolving Loans and Canadian Swing Line Loans denominated in Canadian
     Dollars (calculated at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent thereof) and the
     aggregate amount of all Canadian Letter of Credit Outstandings with respect
     to any Canadian Letters of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars
     (calculated at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent thereof)

     exceeds

          (B) 103% of the amount by which the then existing Canadian Revolving
     Loan Commitment Amount exceeds the aggregate amount of Canadian Revolving
     Loans and Canadian Swing Line Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars and Letter
     of Credit Outstandings denominated in U.S. Dollars,

then, the Canadian Borrower shall make a mandatory prepayment of the Canadian
Revolving Loans or Canadian Swing Line Loans (or both) to the Canadian
Administrative Agent and, if necessary, Cash Collateralize Canadian Letter of
Credit Outstandings, in an aggregate amount equal to such excess.

          (c) With respect to the Term Loans, (A) on each Quarterly Payment Date
occurring during the period commencing on (and including) September 30, 2005
through and including September 30, 2009, the U.S. Borrower shall make a
scheduled repayment of the aggregate outstanding principal amount, if any, of
all Term Loans in an aggregate amount equal to $437,500, and (B) on each
Quarterly Payment Date occurring thereafter and on the Stated Maturity Date for
Term Loans, the U.S. Borrower shall make a scheduled repayment of the aggregate
outstanding principal amount, if any, of all Term Loans in an aggregate amount
equal to $41,890,625 (in each case as such amounts may have been reduced
pursuant to clause (b) of Section 3.1.2).

          (d) Following the receipt by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries of
any Net Casualty Proceeds in excess of $1,000,000 (individually or in the
aggregate when taken together with all other Net Casualty Proceeds and all Net
Disposition Proceeds) over the course of a Fiscal Year, the U.S. Borrower shall
deliver to the Administrative Agents a calculation of the amount of such Net
Casualty Proceeds and the U.S. Borrower shall make a mandatory prepayment of the
Term Loans in an amount equal to 100% of such Net Casualty Proceeds within 30
days of the receipt thereof to be applied as set forth in Section 3.1.2;
provided that no mandatory prepayment on account of Net Casualty Proceeds shall
be required under this clause if the U.S. Borrower informs the Administrative
Agents in writing no later than 30 days following receipt of such Net Casualty
Proceeds of its or such Subsidiary's good faith intention to apply such Net
Casualty Proceeds to the rebuilding or replacement of the damaged, destroyed or
condemned assets or property and the U.S. Borrower or such Subsidiary in fact
uses such Net Casualty Proceeds to rebuild or replace such assets or property
within 360 days following the receipt of such Net Casualty Proceeds, with the
amount of such Net Casualty Proceeds unused after such 360-day period being
applied to the repayment of Term Loans pursuant to Section 3.1.2; provided,
further, that at any time when any Payment Default or Event of Default shall
have occurred and be continuing, all Net Casualty Proceeds (together with Net
Disposition Pro-

                                      -66-
<PAGE>
ceeds not applied as provided in clause (e) below) shall be deposited in an
account maintained with the U.S. Administrative Agent (or, in the case of all
Net Casualty Proceeds (together with Net Disposition Proceeds not applied as
provided in clause (e) below) received by the Canadian Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, the Canadian Administrative Agent) to pay for such rebuilding,
replacement or use whenever no Payment Default or Event of Default is then
continuing or except as otherwise agreed to by the applicable Administrative
Agent for disbursement at the request of such Borrower or such Subsidiary, as
the case may be.

          (e) Following the receipt by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries of
any Net Disposition Proceeds in excess of $1,000,000 (individually or in the
aggregate when taken together with all other Net Disposition Proceeds and all
Net Casualty Proceeds) over the course of a Fiscal Year, the U.S. Borrower shall
deliver to the Administrative Agents a calculation of the amount of such Net
Disposition Proceeds and the U.S. Borrower shall make a mandatory prepayment of
the Term Loans in an amount equal to 100% of such Net Disposition Proceeds
within one Business Day of the receipt thereof to be applied as set forth in
Section 3.1.2; provided that no mandatory prepayment on account of Net
Disposition Proceeds shall be required under this clause (e) if the U.S.
Borrower informs the Administrative Agents in writing promptly following the
receipt of such Net Disposition Proceeds of its or such Subsidiary's good faith
intention to reinvest such Net Disposition Proceeds in assets or property that
will be used or useful in its business and the U.S. Borrower or such Subsidiary
in fact so reinvests such Net Disposition Proceeds within 360 days following the
receipt of such Net Disposition Proceeds, with the amount of such Net
Disposition Proceeds not so reinvested after such 360-day period being applied
to the repayment of Term Loans pursuant to Section 3.1.2; provided, further,
that at any time when any Payment Default or Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing, all Net Disposition Proceeds (together with Net
Casualty Proceeds not applied as provided in clause (d) above) shall be
deposited in an account maintained with the U.S. Administrative Agent (or, in
the case of all Net Disposition Proceeds (together with Net Casualty Proceeds
not applied as provided in clause (d) above) received by the Canadian Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries, the Canadian Administrative Agent) to be so used
whenever no Payment Default or Event of Default is then continuing or except as
otherwise agreed to by the applicable Administrative Agent for disbursement at
the request of such Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be.

          (f) No later than five Business Days following the delivery of its
annual audited financial reports required pursuant to clause (b) of Section
7.1.1 for the 2005 Fiscal Year and each Fiscal Year thereafter, the U.S.
Borrower shall deliver to the Agents a calculation of the Excess Cash Flow for
such Fiscal Year and the U.S. Borrower shall make a mandatory prepayment of Term
Loans in an amount equal to the applicable ECF Percentage of Excess Cash Flow
(if any) for such Fiscal Year, to be applied as set forth in Section 3.1.2.

          (g) Concurrently with the receipt by Holdings, either Borrower or any
respective Subsidiary thereof of any Net Debt Proceeds, the U.S. Borrower shall
deliver to the Administrative Agents a calculation of the amount of such Net
Debt Proceeds and the U.S. Borrower shall make a mandatory prepayment of the
Term Loans under its Facility in an amount equal to 100% of such Net Debt
Proceeds to be applied as set forth in Section 3.1.2.

          (h) Concurrently with the receipt by any Parent of any Net Equity
Proceeds, Holdings (or any direct parent company hereof) shall deliver to the
Administrative Agents a calculation of the amount of such Net Equity Proceeds
and a mandatory prepayment by the U.S. Borrower of Term Loans shall be made in
an amount equal to 50% of such Net Equity Proceeds to be applied as set forth in
Section 3.1.2; provided that no such mandatory prepayment with re-

                                      -67-
<PAGE>
spect to any such Net Equity Proceeds shall be required if the Leverage Ratio
was less than 2.00:1 as of the last day of the most recent Fiscal Quarter for
which a Compliance Certificate was delivered pursuant to clause (e) of Section
7.1.1.

          (i) Immediately upon any acceleration of any Loans pursuant to Section
8.2 or Section 8.3, the applicable Borrower shall repay all the Loans made to
it, unless, pursuant to Section 8.3, only a portion of all the Loans is so
accelerated (in which case the portion so accelerated shall be so repaid).

          Each prepayment of any Loans made pursuant to this Section shall be
without premium or penalty, except as may be required by Section 4.4.

          SECTION 3.1.2. Application. Amounts prepaid pursuant to Section 3.1.1
shall be applied as set forth in this Section 3.1.2.

          (a) Subject to clause (b) below, each prepayment or repayment of the
principal of the Loans of any Tranche shall be applied, to the extent of such
prepayment or repayment, first, to the principal amount thereof being maintained
as Base Rate Loans, and second, subject to the terms of Section 4.4, to the
principal amount thereof being maintained as Fixed Rate Loans.

          (b) Each prepayment of Term Loans made pursuant to clauses (a), (d),
(e), (f), (g) and (h) of Section 3.1.1 shall be applied (i) first, to a
mandatory prepayment of the outstanding principal amount of all Term Loans (with
the amount of such prepayment of such applicable Term Loans being applied to the
remaining scheduled amortization payments of such Term Loans, pro rata against
such remaining Term Loan amortization payments, unless the applicable Borrower
notifies the applicable Administrative Agent, in writing, at the time of such
mandatory prepayment, of its election to apply such amounts (in which event such
amounts will be applied) in direct order of such scheduled amortization
payments), and (ii) second, once all Term Loans have been repaid in full, to the
repayment of any outstanding Revolving Loans under the applicable Facility of
the respective Borrower (with no corresponding reduction to the applicable
Revolving Loan Commitment Amount).

          SECTION 3.2. Interest Provisions. Interest on the outstanding
principal amount of Loans (other than interest payable with respect to Canadian
BAs) shall accrue and be payable by the Borrowers in accordance with the terms
set forth below.

          SECTION 3.2.1. Rates. Subject to Section 2.3.2, pursuant to an
appropriately delivered Borrowing Request or Continuation/Conversion Notice,
each Borrower may elect that Loans comprising a Borrowing accrue interest at a
rate per annum (i) on that portion maintained from time to time as a Base Rate
Loan, equal to the sum of the Alternate Base Rate (if such Loan is a U.S. Loan
or a Canadian Loan denominated in U.S. Dollars) or Canadian Prime Rate (if such
Loan is a Canadian Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars) from time to time in
effect plus the Applicable Margin; provided that Swing Line Loans shall always
accrue interest at the then effective interest rate for Revolving Loans
maintained as Base Rate Loans under the respective Facility plus the Applicable
Margin, and (ii) on that portion maintained as a Eurodollar Loan, during each
Interest Period applicable thereto, equal to the sum of the Eurodollar Rate for
such Interest Period plus the Applicable Margin. All Eurodollar Loans shall bear
interest

                                      -68-
<PAGE>
from and including the first day of the applicable Interest Period to (but not
including) the last day of such Interest Period at the interest rate determined
as applicable to such Eurodollar Loan.

          SECTION 3.2.2. Post-Maturity Rates. After the date any principal
amount of any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation is due and payable (whether on
the Stated Maturity Date, upon acceleration or otherwise), or after any other
monetary Obligation of either Borrower under a particular Tranche shall have
become due and payable, such Borrower shall pay interest (after as well as
before judgment) on such delinquent amounts at a rate per annum equal to 2% plus
the higher of (i) the Base Rate applicable to such Tranche from time to time in
effect plus the Applicable Margin for such Base Rate Loans and (ii) the rate
otherwise applicable to such Loan or other monetary Obligation.

          SECTION 3.2.3. Payment Dates. Interest accrued on each Loan shall be
payable, without duplication:

          (a) on the Stated Maturity Date therefor;

          (b) on the date of any payment or prepayment, in whole or in part, of
     principal outstanding on such Loan on the principal amount so paid or
     prepaid;

          (c) with respect to Base Rate Loans, on each Quarterly Payment Date
     occurring after the Amendment Effective Date;

          (d) with respect to Eurodollar Loans, on the last day of each
     applicable Interest Period (and, if such Interest Period shall exceed three
     months, on the date occurring on each three-month interval occurring after
     the first day of such Interest Period);

          (e) with respect to any Base Rate Loans converted into Fixed Rate
     Loans on a day when interest would not otherwise have been payable pursuant
     to clause (c), on the date of such conversion; and

          (f) on that portion of any Loans the Stated Maturity Date of which is
     accelerated pursuant to Section 8.2 or Section 8.3, immediately upon such
     acceleration.

          Interest accrued on Loans or other monetary Obligations after the date
such amount is due and payable (whether on the Stated Maturity Date, upon
acceleration or otherwise) shall be payable upon demand.

          SECTION 3.2.4. Interest Act Provision.

          (a) For the purposes of the Interest Act (Canada), whenever interest
payable pursuant to this Agreement is calculated with respect to any monetary
Obligation relating to the Canadian Facility on the basis of a period other than
a calendar year (the "Calculation Period"), each rate of interest determined
pursuant to such calculation expressed as an annual rate is equivalent to such
rate as so determined, multiplied by the actual number of days in the calendar
year in which the same is to be ascertained and divided by the number of days in
the Calculation Period.

                                      -69-
<PAGE>
          (b) The principle of deemed reinvestment of interest with respect to
any monetary Obligation relating to the Canadian Facility shall not apply to any
interest calculation under this Agreement.

          (c) The rates of interest with respect to any monetary Obligation
relating to the Canadian Facility stipulated in this Agreement are intended to
be nominal rates and not effective rates or yields.

          SECTION 3.3. Fees. The respective Borrower agrees to pay the fees set
forth below. All such fees shall be non-refundable.

          SECTION 3.3.1. Commitment Fee. Each of the U.S. Borrower and the
Canadian Borrower, as applicable, agrees to pay to the U.S. Administrative Agent
with respect to the U.S. Facility and the Canadian Administrative Agent with
respect to the Canadian Facility, for the account of each Revolving Loan Lender
under such Facility, for the period (including any portion thereof when such
Lenders' Revolving Loan Commitment under such Facility is suspended by reason of
such Borrower's inability to satisfy any condition of Section 5.2) commencing on
the Amendment Effective Date and continuing through the applicable Revolving
Loan Commitment Termination Date, a commitment fee in an amount equal to the
Applicable Commitment Fee, in each case on such Lender's Revolving Loan
Percentage under such Facility of the sum of the average daily unused portion of
the applicable Revolving Loan Commitment Amount (net of Letter of Credit
Outstandings); provided, however, that the acceptance of Canadian BAs shall
constitute usage of the Canadian Revolving Loan Commitment with respect to the
calculation of such commitment fee. All commitment fees payable pursuant to this
Section 3.3.1 shall be payable by the applicable Borrower in arrears on each
Quarterly Payment Date, commencing with the first Quarterly Payment Date
following the Amendment Effective Date and on the applicable Revolving Loan
Commitment Termination Date. Payments by the applicable Borrower to the
applicable Swing Line Lender in respect of accrued interest on any U.S. Swing
Line Loan or Canadian Swing Line Loan shall be net of the commitment fee payable
in respect of such Swing Line Lender's applicable Revolving Loan Commitment (or,
in the case such Revolving Loan Commitment exceeds the aggregate principal
amount of such Swing Line Loans, the portion of such Revolving Loan Commitment
equal to such aggregate principal amount) for the period during which such Swing
Line Loans were outstanding.

          SECTION 3.3.2. Agents' Fee. Each Borrower agrees to pay the fees in
the amounts and on the dates set forth in the Fee Letter.

          SECTION 3.3.3. Letter of Credit Fees. Each Borrower, as applicable,
agrees to pay to the U.S. Administrative Agent with respect to the U.S. Facility
and the Canadian Administrative Agent with respect to the Canadian Facility, for
the pro rata account of each Revolving Loan Lender that has a Percentage greater
than zero in respect of the applicable Revolving Loan Commitment Amount under
such Facility, a Letter of Credit fee in an amount per annum equal to the then
effective Applicable Margin for Revolving Loans maintained as Eurodollar Loans,
multiplied by the Stated Amount of each such Letter of Credit, such fees being
payable quarterly in arrears on each Quarterly Payment Date following the date
of issuance of each Letter of Credit applicable to such Revolving Loan
Commitment Amount and on the applicable Revolving Loan Commitment Termination
Date. Each Borrower further agrees to pay to the applicable Issuer under such
Facility (subject to the proviso to this sentence) quarterly in arrears on

                                      -70-
<PAGE>
each Quarterly Payment Date following the date of each issuance and extension of
each Letter of Credit issued or extended by such Issuer and on the applicable
Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date, a facing fee in an amount equal to
1/8 of 1% per annum on the Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit; provided
that, if on the date any Letter of Credit is issued and on each anniversary
thereof the facing fee which would accrue with respect to such Letter of Credit
over the succeeding 365 days (assuming such Letter of Credit would remain
undrawn until its Stated Expiry Date) would be less than $500 (or Cdn$500 with
respect to any Canadian Letters of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars), such
Borrower shall pay such Issuer a facing fee of $500 (or Cdn$500 with respect to
any Canadian Letters of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars) with respect to
such Letter of Credit in advance on the date of such issuance or anniversary. In
addition to the fees described in the preceding two sentences of this Section
3.3.3, each Borrower agrees to pay to each Issuer under its respective Facility
its customary processing fees for issuing, modifying and making payment under
each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuer to such Borrower.

                                   ARTICLE IV
              CERTAIN EURODOLLAR, CANADIAN BA AND OTHER PROVISIONS

          SECTION 4.1. Eurodollar Lending Unlawful. If any Lender shall in good
faith determine (which determination shall, upon notice thereof to the
applicable Borrower and the applicable Administrative Agent, be conclusive and
binding on such Borrower) that the introduction of or any change in or in the
interpretation of any law makes it unlawful, or any Governmental Authority
asserts that it is unlawful, for such Lender to make or continue any Loan as, or
to convert any Loan into, a Eurodollar Loan, the obligations of such Lender to
make, continue or convert any such Eurodollar Loan shall, upon such
determination, forthwith be suspended until such Lender shall notify the
applicable Administrative Agent that the circumstances causing such suspension
no longer exist, and all outstanding Eurodollar Loans payable to such Lender
shall automatically convert into Base Rate Loans under the applicable Facility
at the end of the then current Interest Periods with respect thereto or sooner,
if required by such law or assertion.

          SECTION 4.2. Deposits Unavailable; Circumstances making Canadian BAs
Unavailable.

          (a) If the applicable Administrative Agent shall have determined in
good faith that (i) deposits in the relevant Currency and amount and for the
relevant Interest Period are not available to it in the interbank eurodollar
market or (ii) by reason of circumstances affecting the interbank eurodollar
market, adequate means do not exist for ascertaining the interest rate
applicable hereunder to Eurodollar Loans then, upon notice from the applicable
Administrative Agent to the applicable Borrower and the applicable Lenders, the
obligations of all such Lenders under Section 2.3 and Section 2.4 to make or
continue any Loans as, or to convert any Loans into, Eurodollar Loans of such
Currency shall forthwith be suspended until the applicable Administrative Agent
shall notify the applicable Borrower and the applicable Lenders that the
circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.

          (b) If the Canadian Administrative Agent shall have determined in good
faith that by reason of circumstances affecting the Canadian money market, there
is no market for Ca-

                                      -71-
<PAGE>
nadian BAs, then the right of the Canadian Borrower to request the acceptance of
Canadian BAs and the acceptance thereof shall be suspended until the Canadian
Administrative Agent determines that the circumstances causing such suspension
no longer exist and the Canadian Administrative Agent so notifies the Canadian
Borrower.

          SECTION 4.3. Increased Loan Costs, etc.

          (a) The U.S. Borrower agrees to reimburse each U.S. Lender for any
increase in the cost to such U.S. Lender of, or any reduction in the amount of
any sum receivable by such U.S. Lender in respect of, such U.S. Lender's
Commitments hereunder in respect of Eurodollar Loans made to it (including the
making, continuing or maintaining (or of such U.S. Lender's obligation to make
or continue) any Eurodollar Loans) that arise in connection with any change in,
or the introduction, adoption, effectiveness, interpretation, reinterpretation
or phase-in after the Original Closing Date (or, with respect to any U.S. Lender
that became a U.S. Lender on or subsequent to the Amendment Effective Date,
after the Amendment Effective Date) of, any law or regulation, directive,
guideline, decision or request (whether or not having the force of law) of any
Governmental Authority, except for such changes with respect to increased
capital costs and Taxes which are governed by Sections 4.5 and 4.6,
respectively. Each affected U.S. Lender shall promptly notify the U.S.
Administrative Agent and the U.S. Borrower in writing of the occurrence of any
such event, stating, in reasonable detail, the reasons therefor and the
additional amount required fully to compensate such U.S. Lender for such
increased cost or reduced amount. Such additional amounts shall be payable by
the U.S. Borrower directly to such U.S. Lender within five days of its receipt
of such notice, and such notice shall, in the absence of manifest error, be
conclusive and binding on the U.S. Borrower.

          (b) The Canadian Borrower agrees to reimburse each Canadian Lender for
any increase in the cost to such Canadian Lender of, or any reduction in the
amount of any sum receivable by such Canadian Lender in respect of, such
Canadian Lender's Commitments hereunder in respect of Fixed Rate Loans made to
it (including the making, continuing or maintaining (or of such Canadian
Lender's obligation to make or continue) any Canadian Loans as Fixed Rate Loans)
that arise in connection with any change in, or the introduction, adoption,
effectiveness, interpretation, reinterpretation or phase-in after the Amendment
Effective Date of, any law or regulation, directive, guideline, decision or
request (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority,
except for such changes with respect to increased capital costs and Taxes which
are governed by Sections 4.5 and 4.6, respectively. Each affected Canadian
Lender shall promptly notify the applicable Canadian Administrative Agent and
the Canadian Borrower in writing of the occurrence of any such event, stating,
in reasonable detail, the reasons therefor and the additional amount required
fully to compensate such Canadian Lender for such increased cost or reduced
amount. Such additional amounts shall be payable by the Canadian Borrower
directly to such Canadian Lender within five days of its receipt of such notice,
and such notice shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and
binding on the Canadian Borrower.

          SECTION 4.4. Funding Losses. In the event any Lender shall incur any
loss or expense (including any loss or expense incurred by reason of the
liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender)
to make or continue any portion of the principal amount of any Loan as, or to
convert any portion of the principal amount of any Loan into, a Fixed Rate Loan
(but excluding any loss of margin after the date of the relevant conversion,
repayment, prepayment or failure to borrow, continue or convert) as a result of:

                                      -72-
<PAGE>
          (a) any conversion or repayment or prepayment of the principal amount
     of any Fixed Rate Loan on a date other than the scheduled last day of the
     Interest Period applicable thereto, whether pursuant to Article III or
     otherwise;

          (b) any Loans not being made as Fixed Rate Loans, in each case in
     accordance with the Borrowing Request therefor; or

          (c) any Loans not being continued as, or converted into, Fixed Rate
     Loans in accordance with the Continuation/Conversion Notice therefor;

then, upon the written notice of such Lender to the applicable Borrower (with a
copy to the applicable Administrative Agent), such Borrower shall, within five
days of its receipt thereof, pay directly to such Lender such amount as will (in
the reasonable determination of such Lender) reimburse such Lender for such loss
or expense. Such written notice shall, in the absence of manifest error, be
conclusive and binding on such Borrower.

          SECTION 4.5. Increased Capital Costs. If any change in, or the
introduction, adoption, effectiveness, interpretation, reinterpretation or
phase-in of, any law or regulation, directive, guideline, decision or request
(whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority after the
Original Closing Date (or, with respect to any Lender that became a Lender on or
subsequent to the Amendment Effective Date, after the Amendment Effective Date)
affects or would affect the amount of capital required or expected to be
maintained by any Lender or any Person controlling such Lender, and such Lender
determines (in its good faith discretion) that the rate of return on its or such
controlling Person's capital as a consequence of the Commitments or the Credit
Extensions made, or the Letters of Credit participated in, by such Lender is
reduced to a level below that which such Lender or such controlling Person could
have achieved but for the occurrence of any such circumstance, then upon notice
from time to time by such Lender to the applicable Borrower, such Borrower shall
within five days following receipt of such notice pay directly to such Lender
additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender or such controlling
Person for such reduction in rate of return. A statement of such Lender as to
any such additional amount or amounts and setting forth in reasonable detail the
calculation thereof shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and
binding on such Borrower. In determining such amount, such Lender may use any
reasonable method of averaging and attribution that it (in its sole and absolute
discretion) shall deem applicable; provided that such Lender may not impose
materially greater costs on the Borrowers than on any similarly situated
borrower by virtue of any such averaging or attribution method.

          SECTION 4.6. Taxes. Each Borrower (which shall for all purposes of
this Section be deemed to include all Guarantors) covenants and agrees as
follows with respect to Taxes:

          (a) Any and all payments by each Borrower under each Loan Document
shall be made without setoff, counterclaim or other defense, and free and clear
of, and without deduction or withholding for or on account of, any Taxes, except
as specifically provided in this Agreement. In the event that any Taxes are
required by any law or Governmental Authority to be deducted or withheld from
any payment required to be made by a Borrower to or on behalf of the
Administrative Agents or any Lender under any Loan Document, then:

                                      -73-
<PAGE>
               (i) subject to clauses (g) and (h), if such Taxes are
          Non-Excluded Taxes, the amount of such payment shall be increased as
          may be necessary such that such payment is made, after withholding or
          deduction for or on account of such Non-Excluded Taxes, in an amount
          that is not less than the amount provided for in such Loan Document;
          and

               (ii) such Borrower shall withhold the full amount of such Taxes
          from such payment (as increased pursuant to clause (a)(i)) and shall
          pay such amount to the Governmental Authority imposing such Taxes in
          accordance with applicable law.

          (b) In addition, each Borrower shall pay any and all Other Taxes to
the relevant Governmental Authority imposing such Other Taxes in accordance with
applicable law.

          (c) As promptly as practicable after the payment of any Taxes or Other
Taxes, and in any event within 45 days of any such payment being due, the
applicable Borrower shall furnish to the applicable Administrative Agent a copy
of an official receipt (or a certified copy thereof (or, if such copy or copy
thereof is not available from the relevant taxing authority within 45 days of
such payment being due, within 5 days of the day on which such copy or copy
thereof is first available from the relevant taxing authority)), evidencing the
payment of such Taxes or Other Taxes. The applicable Administrative Agent shall
make copies thereof available to the applicable Lenders upon request therefor.

          (d) Subject to clauses (g) and (h), each Borrower shall indemnify each
applicable Agent and each applicable Lender for any Non-Excluded Taxes and Other
Taxes levied, imposed or assessed on (and whether or not paid directly by) such
Agent or Lender (whether or not such Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes are
correctly or legally asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority). Promptly
upon having knowledge that any such Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes have been
levied, imposed or assessed, and promptly upon notice thereof by any Agent or
Lender, the applicable Borrower shall pay such Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes
directly to the relevant Governmental Authority (provided that no Agent or
Lender shall be under any obligation to provide any such notice to such
Borrower). In addition, each Borrower shall indemnify each applicable Agent and
each applicable Lender for any incremental Taxes that may become payable by such
Agent or Lender as a result of any failure of the applicable Borrower to pay any
Taxes when due to the appropriate Governmental Authority (except to the extent
such incremental Taxes result solely from the failure of such applicable Agent
or applicable Lender to give notice to the applicable Borrower of Taxes subject
to indemnity under this clause (d) and such Borrower did not otherwise have
knowledge of such Taxes) or to deliver to the applicable Administrative Agent,
pursuant to clause (c), documentation evidencing the payment of Taxes or Other
Taxes. With respect to indemnification for Non-Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes
actually paid by any Agent or Lender or the indemnification provided in the
immediately preceding sentence, such indemnification shall be made within 30
days after the date such Agent or Lender makes written demand therefor, in
accordance with the terms of such demand. Each Borrower acknowledges that any
payment made by it to any Agent or Lender or to any Governmental Authority in
respect of the indemnification obligations of the Borrowers provided in this
clause shall constitute a payment in respect of which the provisions of clause
(a) and this clause shall apply.

                                      -74-
<PAGE>
          (e) Each Non-U.S. Lender that has a U.S. Commitment, on or prior to
the date on which such Non-U.S. Lender becomes a Lender hereunder, shall, to the
extent it may lawfully do so, deliver to the U.S. Borrower and the U.S.
Administrative Agent either:

               (i) two materially accurate and duly completed copies of either
          (A) Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN claiming benefits of an
          income tax treaty (or an applicable successor form) or (B) Internal
          Revenue Service Form W-8ECI (or an applicable successor form); or

               (ii) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender that is not legally
          entitled to deliver either form listed in clause (e)(i), (x) a
          certificate of a duly authorized officer of such Non-U.S. Lender to
          the effect that such Person is not (A) a "bank" within the meaning of
          Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a "10 percent shareholder" of
          the U.S. Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the
          Code, or (C) a controlled foreign corporation receiving interest from
          a related person within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the
          Code (such certificate, an "Exemption Certificate"), (y) two
          materially accurate and duly completed copies of Internal Revenue
          Service Form W-8BEN (or applicable successor form) and (z) such forms
          that establish a complete exemption from or a reduction in the rate of
          United States federal withholding tax with respect to any payment
          hereunder other than principal and interest.

          In addition, each Non-U.S. Lender that has a U.S. Commitment agrees
that from time to time after the Amendment Effective Date, when a lapse in time
or change in the Lender's circumstances renders the previous certification
obsolete or inaccurate in any material respect, it will deliver to the U.S.
Borrower or the U.S. Administrative Agent two materially accurate and duly
completed original signed replacement copies of, as applicable, such form or
forms and an Exemption Certificate, or it shall immediately notify the U.S.
Borrower and the U.S. Administrative Agent of its inability to deliver any such
form or Exemption Certificate.

          (f) So long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing for more than 30 days, each Canadian Revolving Loan Lender, Canadian
Swing Line Lender, Canadian Issuer or successor Canadian Administrative Agent
shall be deemed to represent that, as of the date it becomes a Canadian
Revolving Loan Lender, Canadian Swing Line Lender, Canadian Issuer or successor
Canadian Administrative Agent, as the case may be, no Canadian withholding taxes
are required to be withheld by the Canadian Administrative Agent or the Canadian
Borrower with respect to any payments to be made to such Person in respect of
this Agreement, except to the extent that withholding was required in respect of
payments made to any assignor from whom such Lender acquired its Commitments
and/or Loans as a result of a change in applicable or adoption of a new law,
rules, regulations or orders after the assignor (or any predecessor assignor)
became a Lender or as a result of the assignor becoming a Lender while an Event
of Default had occurred and been continuing for more than 30 days.

          (g) The U.S. Borrower shall not be obligated to gross up any payments
to any Agent or any Lender pursuant to clause (a)(i), or to indemnify any Agent
or any Lender pursuant to clause (d), in respect of United States federal
withholding taxes to the extent imposed as a result of (i) the failure of any
Agent or Lender to deliver to the U.S. Borrower the form or forms and/or an
Exemption Certificate, as applicable to such Agent or Lender, pursuant to clause
(e),

                                      -75-
<PAGE>
(ii) such form or forms and/or Exemption Certificate not establishing a complete
exemption from United States federal withholding tax or the information or
certifications made therein by such Agent or such Lender being untrue or
inaccurate on the date delivered in any material respect, or (iii) the Lender
designating a successor lending office at which it maintains its Loans which has
the effect of causing such Agent or Lender to become obligated for tax payments
in excess of those in effect immediately prior to such designation; provided
that the U.S. Borrower shall be obligated to gross up any payments, excluding
payments other than principal and interest made to a Non-U.S. Lender providing
forms under clause (e)(ii), to any such Agent or Lender pursuant to clause
(a)(i), and to indemnify any such Agent or Lender pursuant to clause (d), in
respect of United States federal withholding taxes if (i) any such failure to
deliver a form or forms or an Exemption Certificate or the failure of such form
or forms or Exemption Certificate to establish a complete exemption from, or a
reduction in the rate of, United States federal withholding tax or inaccuracy or
untruth contained therein resulted from a change in or adoption of any
applicable statute, treaty, regulation or other applicable law or any case law,
revenue ruling or notice or pronouncement by a Governmental Authority
interpreting any of the foregoing occurring after the Original Closing Date (or,
in the case of a Person that was not a Lender prior to the Amendment Effective
Date, the Amendment Effective Date), which change rendered such Agent or Lender
no longer legally entitled to deliver such form or forms or Exemption
Certificate or otherwise ineligible for a complete exemption from, or a
reduction in the rate of United States federal withholding tax, or rendered the
information or certifications made in such form or forms or Exemption
Certificate untrue or inaccurate in a material respect, (ii) the obligation to
gross up payments pursuant to clause (a)(i) or to indemnify pursuant to clause
(d) is with respect to an Assignee Lender that becomes, at the request of the
U.S. Borrower, an Assignee Lender as a result of an assignment made at the
request of the U.S. Borrower or (iii) such Lender is an assignee Lender, to the
extent such Lender's assignor was entitled to gross-up or indemnification
payments immediately prior to such assignment.

          (h) The Canadian Borrower shall not be obligated to gross up any
payments to any Agent or any Lender pursuant to clause (a)(i), or to indemnify
any Agent or any Lender pursuant to clause (d), in respect of Canadian
withholding taxes to the extent imposed as a result of the representation made
in clause (f) being untrue or inaccurate. If any representation deemed to be
made pursuant to clause (f) is incorrect when deemed to be made, the Person
deemed to have made the representation shall indemnify and hold harmless the
Canadian Borrower and the Canadian Administrative Agent from and against any
taxes, penalties, interest or other costs or losses (including reasonable
attorneys' fees and expenses) incurred or payable by the Canadian Borrower or
the Canadian Administrative Agent as a result of the failure of the Canadian
Borrower or the Canadian Administrative Agent to comply with its obligations to
deduct or withhold any Canadian withholding taxes from any payments made
pursuant to this Agreement to such person, if the withholding would not have
been required had the representation been correct when deemed to be made.

          (i) If any Administrative Agent or any Lender receives a refund in
respect of Taxes as to which it has been grossed up by a Borrower pursuant to
clause (a)(i) or indemnified by a Borrower pursuant to clause (d) and such
Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable, determines in its sole, good
faith judgment that such refund is attributable to such gross up or
indemnification, then such Lender or such Administrative Agent, as the case may
be, shall pay such amount to such Borrower as such Lender or such Administrative
Agent determines to be the

                                      -76-
<PAGE>
proportion of the refund as will leave it, after such payment, in no better or
worse financial position with respect to Tax liabilities and related expenses
than it would have been in the absence of such payment; provided that Borrower,
upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the
amount paid over to Borrower to the Administrative Agent or such Lender in the
event the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund
to such Governmental Authority. Neither the Lenders nor the Administrative
Agents shall be obligated to disclose information regarding its tax affairs or
computations to such Borrower in connection with this clause (i) or any other
provision of this Section 4.6.

          SECTION 4.7. Payments, Computations, etc. Unless otherwise expressly
provided in a Loan Document, all payments by the Borrowers pursuant to each Loan
Document shall be made by the applicable Borrower to the applicable
Administrative Agent for the pro rata account of the Administrative Agent and
the Lenders entitled to receive such payment. All payments shall be made in U.S.
Dollars, except that all payments regarding Canadian Loans or Canadian Letters
of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars (other than commitment fees payable by
the Canadian Borrower, which payments shall be made in U.S. Dollars), shall be
made in Canadian Dollars, without setoff, deduction or counterclaim (except in
an event contemplated by Section 4.6(h)) not later than 12:00 noon on the date
due in same day or immediately available funds to such account as the applicable
Administrative Agent shall specify from time to time by notice to the applicable
Borrower. Funds received after that time shall be deemed to have been received
by the applicable Administrative Agent on the next succeeding Business Day. The
applicable Administrative Agent shall promptly remit in same day funds to each
Lender its share, if any, of such payments received by such Administrative Agent
for the account of such Lender. All interest (including interest on Eurodollar
Loans) and fees shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of days
(including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring during the period
for which such interest or fee is payable over a year comprised of 360 days (or,
in the case of interest on a Base Rate Loan, 365 days or, if appropriate, 366
days). Payments due on a day other than a Business Day shall (except as
otherwise required by clause (iii) of the definition of the term "Interest
Period") be made on the next succeeding Business Day and such extension of time
shall be included in computing interest and fees in connection with that
payment.

          SECTION 4.8. Sharing of Payments. If any Secured Party shall obtain
any payment or other recovery (whether voluntary, involuntary, by application of
setoff, purchase at foreclosure or otherwise) on account of any Credit Extension
or Reimbursement Obligation (other than pursuant to the terms of Sections 4.3,
4.4, 4.5 or 4.6) in excess of its pro rata share of payments obtained by all
Secured Parties entitled thereto, such Secured Party entitled thereto shall
purchase from the other Secured Parties such participations in Credit Extensions
made by them as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Secured Party to
share the excess payment or other recovery ratably (to the extent such other
Secured Parties were entitled to receive a portion of such payment or recovery)
with each of them; provided that if all or any portion of the excess payment or
other recovery is thereafter recovered from such purchasing Secured Party, the
purchase shall be rescinded and each Secured Party which has sold a
participation to the purchasing Secured Party shall repay to the purchasing
Secured Party the purchase price to the ratable extent of such recovery together
with an amount equal to such selling Secured Party's ratable share (according to
the proportion of (a) the amount of such selling Secured Party's required
repayment to the purchasing Secured Party to (b) total amount so recovered from
the purchasing Secured Party) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by
the purchasing Secured Party

                                      -77-
<PAGE>
in respect of the total amount so recovered. Each Borrower agrees that any
Secured Party purchasing a participation from another Secured Party pursuant to
this Section may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all its
rights of payment (including pursuant to Section 4.9) with respect to such
participation as fully as if such Secured Party were the direct creditor of such
Borrower in the amount of such participation. If under any applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law any Secured Party receives a secured
claim in lieu of a setoff to which this Section applies, such Secured Party
shall, to the extent practicable, exercise its rights in respect of such secured
claim in a manner consistent with the rights of the Secured Parties entitled
under this Section 4.8 to share in the benefits of any recovery on such secured
claim.

          SECTION 4.9. Setoff. Each Agent and each Lender shall, upon the
occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, have the right to
appropriate and apply to the payment of the Obligations owing to it (whether or
not then due), and (as security for such Obligations) each Borrower hereby
grants to each Agent and each Lender a continuing security interest in, any and
all balances, credits, deposits, accounts or moneys of such Borrower then or
thereafter maintained with each Agent and each Lender; provided that any such
appropriation and application shall be subject to the provisions of Section 4.8.
Each Agent and each Lender agrees promptly to notify the applicable Borrower and
the applicable Administrative Agent after any such setoff and application made
by each Agent and each Lender; provided that the failure to give such notice
shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. The rights of each
Agent and each Lender under this Section are in addition to other rights and
remedies (including other rights of setoff under applicable law or otherwise)
which such Agent and such Lender may have.

          SECTION 4.10. Replacement of Lenders. If any Lender (an "Affected
Lender") (x) makes a demand upon a Borrower for (or if a Borrower is otherwise
required to pay) amounts pursuant to Section 4.3, 4.5 or 4.6 (and the payment of
such amounts are more onerous in the reasonable judgment of such Borrower than
with respect to the other Lenders), or gives notice pursuant to Section 4.1
requiring a conversion of such Affected Lender's Fixed Rate Loans to Base Rate
Loans or suspending such Lender's obligation to make Loans as, or to convert
Loans into, Fixed Rate Loans, or (y) is then subject to a Lender Default, such
Borrower may, within 30 days of receipt by such Borrower of such demand or
notice or of such Lender Default, as the case may be, give notice (a
"Replacement Notice") in writing to the Agents and such Affected Lender of its
intention to replace such Affected Lender with a financial institution or other
Person (a "Replacement Lender") designated in such Replacement Notice; provided
that no Replacement Notice may be given by such Borrower and no such replacement
may occur if (i) such replacement conflicts or would conflict with any
applicable law or regulation, (ii) unless the Agents otherwise consent, any
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of the giving
of such notice or the time of such replacement or (iii) prior to the giving of
such notice or the time of any such replacement, such Lender, in such Borrower's
reasonable judgment, shall have taken any necessary action under Section 4.3,
4.5 or 4.6 (if applicable) so as to eliminate the continued need for payment of
amounts owing pursuant to Section 4.3, 4.5 or 4.6 or shall have cured the
failure or other event that resulted in any relevant Lender Default. If the
applicable Administrative Agent shall, in the exercise of its reasonable
discretion and within five Business Days of its receipt of such Replacement
Notice, notify the applicable Borrower and such Affected Lender in writing that
the Replacement Lender is satisfactory to such Administrative Agent (such
consent not being required where the Replacement Lender is already a Lender),

                                      -78-
<PAGE>
then such Affected Lender shall, subject to the payment of any amounts due to
the Affected Lender pursuant to Section 4.4, assign, in accordance with Section
12.11, all of its Commitments, Loans, Notes (if any) and other rights and
obligations under this Agreement and all other Loan Documents (including
Reimbursement Obligations, if applicable, under the affected Facility or
Facilities) to such Replacement Lender; provided that (i) such assignment shall
be without recourse, representation or warranty and shall be on terms and
conditions reasonably satisfactory to such Affected Lender and such Replacement
Lender, (ii) the purchase price paid by such Replacement Lender shall be in the
amount of such Affected Lender's Loans and its applicable Percentage of
outstanding Reimbursement Obligations, together with all accrued and unpaid
interest and fees in respect thereof, plus all other amounts (including the
amounts demanded and unreimbursed under Sections 4.3, 4.5 and 4.6), owing to
such Affected Lender hereunder and (iii) such Borrower shall pay to the Affected
Lender and such Administrative Agent to the extent so requested all reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Affected Lender and the Agents in
connection with such assignment and assumption (including the processing fees
described in Section 12.11). Upon the closing date of an assignment described
above, the Replacement Lender shall become a "Lender" for all purposes under
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

          SECTION 4.11. Change of Lending Office. Each Lender agrees that if it
makes any demand for payment under Sections 4.3, 4.4, 4.5 or 4.6, or if any
introduction or change of the type described in Section 4.1 shall occur with
respect to it, it will use reasonable efforts (consistent with its internal
policy and legal and regulatory restrictions and so long as such efforts would
not be disadvantageous to it, as determined in its sole discretion) to designate
a different lending office if the making of such a designation would reduce or
obviate the need for a Borrower to make payments under Section 4.3, 4.4, 4.5 or
4.6, or would eliminate or reduce the effect of any introduction or change
described in Section 4.1.

                                   ARTICLE V
                         CONDITIONS TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS

          SECTION 5.1. [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED].

          SECTION 5.2. All Credit Extensions. The obligation of each Lender and
each Issuer to make any Credit Extension (including the initial Credit
Extension) shall be subject to the satisfaction of each of the conditions
precedent set forth below.

          SECTION 5.2.1. Compliance with Warranties, No Default, etc. At the
time of each Credit Extension and after giving effect thereto (i) the
representations and warranties set forth in each Loan Document shall, in each
case, be true and correct in all material respects with the same effect as if
then made (unless stated to relate to a specified earlier date, in which case
such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material
respects as of such earlier date) and (ii) no Default shall have then occurred
and be continuing.

          SECTION 5.2.2. Credit Extension Request, etc. Subject to Section
2.3.2, the applicable Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing
Request if Loans are being requested, or an Issuance Request if a Letter of
Credit is being requested or extended. Each of the

                                      -79-
<PAGE>
delivery of a Borrowing Request or Issuance Request and the acceptance by a
Borrower of the proceeds of such Credit Extension shall constitute a
representation and warranty by such Borrower that on the date of such Credit
Extension (both immediately before and after giving effect to such Credit
Extension and the application of the proceeds thereof) the statements made in
Section 5.2.1, are true and correct in all material respects (unless stated to
relate to a specified earlier date, in which case such representations and
warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier
date).

                                   ARTICLE VI
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

          In order to induce the Agents and the Lenders to enter into this
Agreement and to make Credit Extensions hereunder, each of Holdings and each
Borrower makes (as to itself and its Subsidiaries) the following
representations, warranties and agreements as of the Amendment Effective Date
(both before and after giving effect to the Credit Extensions occurring on such
date and after giving effect to the Transactions and all references to the
Agents and the Lenders herein and elsewhere in this Agreement, shall, unless
otherwise specifically indicated, be references to the Agents and the Lenders
after giving effect to the Transactions); and as of the date of each Credit
Extension, which representations, warranties and agreements shall survive the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Notes and the occurrence of
each Credit Extension (with the occurrence of each Credit Extension being deemed
to constitute a representation and warranty that the matters specified in this
Article VI are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date
of such Credit Extension unless such representations and warranties are stated
to relate to a specific earlier date in which case such representations and
warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier
date).

          SECTION 6.1. Organization, etc. Each of Holdings, the Borrowers and
each Subsidiary of the Borrowers (i) is validly organized and existing and in
good standing under the laws of the state or jurisdiction of its incorporation
or organization, (ii) is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing
as a foreign entity in each jurisdiction where the nature of its business
requires such qualification and where the failure to be so qualified could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect) and (iii) has full
corporate, partnership or limited liability company power and authority, as the
case may be, to own and hold under lease its property and to conduct its
business substantially as currently conducted by it.

          SECTION 6.2. Due Authorization, Non-Contravention, etc. The execution,
delivery and performance by each Obligor of each Loan Document executed or to be
executed by it, each such Obligor's participation in the consummation of all
aspects of the Transactions, and the execution, delivery and performance by such
Obligor of each Loan Document and the agreements executed and delivered by it in
connection with the Transactions are in each case within each such Person's
corporate, partnership or limited liability company powers, as the case may be,
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership or limited
liability company action, as the case may be, and, except as disclosed in Item
6.2 of the Disclosure Schedule, do not (i) contravene any (A) Obligor's Organic
Documents, (B) material contractual restriction binding on or affecting any
Obligor, (C) court decree or order binding on or affecting any Obligor or (D)
material law or governmental regulation binding on or affecting any Obligor,

                                    -80-
<PAGE>
or (ii) result in, or require the creation or imposition of, any Lien on any
Obligor's properties (except as permitted by this Agreement).

          SECTION 6.3. Government Approval, Regulation, etc. No material
authorization or approval or other action by, and no material notice to or
filing with, any Governmental Authority or other Person (other than those (x)
that have been, or on the Amendment Effective Date, will be, or, in the case of
Filing Statements delivered on the Amendment Effective Date, will be within 10
days of the Amendment Effective Date, duly obtained or made and which are, or on
the Amendment Effective Date will be, or, in the case of Filing Statements
delivered on the Amendment Effective Date, will be within 10 days of the
Amendment Effective Date, in full force and effect and (y) that are contemplated
or required to be made after the Amendment Effective Date in accordance with the
terms of the Loan Documents and Transactions Documents) is required for (i) the
due execution, delivery or performance by any Obligor of any Loan Document to
which it is a party or (ii) the due execution, delivery and/or performance by
any Obligor of the Transactions Documents to which each is a party, or (iii) the
conduct of the business of each of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries as
currently conducted following the Amendment Effective Date. Neither Holdings,
the Borrowers nor any of their respective Subsidiaries is an "investment
company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended,
or a "holding company", or a "subsidiary company" of a "holding company", or an
"affiliate" of a "holding company" or of a "subsidiary company" of a "holding
company", within the meaning of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935,
as amended.

          SECTION 6.4. Validity, etc. Each Loan Document and the Transactions
Documents to which each Obligor is a party constitute, or will, on the due
execution and delivery thereof by such Obligor, constitute, the legal, valid and
binding obligations of such Obligor, enforceable against it in accordance with
their respective terms (except, in any case, as such enforceability may be
limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws
affecting creditors' rights generally and by principles of equity).

          SECTION 6.5. Financial Information. Holdings and each Borrower each
represent and warrant that all balance sheets, all statements of operations,
shareholders' equity and cash flow and all other financial information relating
to Holdings and its Subsidiaries furnished pursuant to Section 7.1.1 have been
and will for periods following the Amendment Effective Date be prepared in
accordance with GAAP consistently applied, and present fairly in all material
respects the consolidated financial condition of the Persons covered thereby as
at the dates thereof and the results of their operations for the periods then
ended.

          SECTION 6.6. No Material Adverse Effect. On the date of each Credit
Extension occurring subsequent to the Amendment Effective Date, there has been
no event, occurrence, omission or change which has resulted in a Material
Adverse Effect since December 31, 2003.

          SECTION 6.7. Litigation. There is no pending or, to the knowledge of
either Borrower, threatened litigation, action, investigation or proceeding (i)
affecting Holdings, either Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries or
any of their respective properties, businesses, assets or revenues, which could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) which purports
to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any Loan Document.

                                      -81-
<PAGE>
          SECTION 6.8. Labor Matters. There is no labor strike, work stoppage,
lockout or other work action or other labor controversy, and no such dispute or
controversy is actually pending or, to Holdings', either Borrower's or any of
their respective Subsidiaries' knowledge, threatened against or affecting
Holdings, either Borrower of any of their respective Subsidiaries that has had
or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

          SECTION 6.9. Subsidiaries. Holdings has no Subsidiaries except for the
U.S. Borrower and the Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower described in the
succeeding sentence. The U.S. Borrower has no Subsidiaries, except those
Subsidiaries (A) which are identified in Item 6.9 of the Disclosure Schedule,
none of which are Foreign Subsidiaries other than the Canadian Borrower, or (B)
which are permitted to have been organized or acquired in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement. Item 6.9 of the Disclosure Schedule, as of the
Amendment Effective Date, (i) lists, with respect to each Subsidiary, (A) the
state or jurisdiction of such Subsidiary's incorporation or organization and (B)
the percentage of shares of the Capital Stock of such Subsidiary owned by
Holdings, the U.S. Borrower or another Subsidiary, (ii) identifies each
Subsidiary which is a Foreign Subsidiary and (iii) identifies each Subsidiary
which is a Non-Material Subsidiary.

          SECTION 6.10. Ownership of Properties. Each of Holdings, each Borrower
and each Subsidiary of each Borrower maintains (i) in the case of material owned
real property, good and marketable fee title to, (ii) in the case of material
owned personal property, good and valid title to, or (iii) in the case of
material leased real or personal property, valid and enforceable leasehold
interests (as the case may be) in, all of such properties and assets, real and
personal, tangible and intangible, of any nature whatsoever, free and clear in
each case of all Liens, except for Liens permitted pursuant to Section 7.2.3.
Item 6.10 of the Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and accurate
description, by owner/lessor and location (by street address) of all owned
and/or leased real properties as of the Amendment Effective Date (as
supplemented from time to time with information provided by Holdings in the
Compliance Certificate delivered by Holdings to the Agents pursuant to clause
(e) of Section 7.1.1; provided that Item 6.10 shall not be required to be
supplemented at any time other than such times as the Compliance Certificate is
delivered or required to be delivered hereunder).

          SECTION 6.11. Taxes. Each Borrower and each of their respective
Subsidiaries has timely filed all material Tax returns and reports required by
law to have been filed by it, has timely withheld all material Taxes that were
required to be withheld in respect of compensation or other amounts paid to any
employee or independent contractor (or, in the case of independent contractors,
Holdings, the relevant Borrower or the relevant Subsidiary has the right to
indemnification with respect thereto) and has timely paid all material Taxes and
governmental charges thereby shown or required to be due and owing, except any
such Taxes or charges which are being diligently contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP
shall have been set aside on its books.

          SECTION 6.12. Pension and Welfare Plans.

          (a) During the twelve-consecutive-month period prior to the date of
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the date of any Credit
Extension hereunder, (i) no steps have been taken to terminate any U.S. Pension
Plan, (ii) no contribution failure has occurred with respect to any U.S. Pension
Plan sufficient to give rise to a Lien under Section 302(f)

                                      -82-
<PAGE>
of ERISA and (iii) no steps have been taken to effect a partial or complete
withdrawal from any U.S. Multiemployer Plan, in each case which could
(individually or in the aggregate) reasonably be expected to result in
liabilities of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of $5,000,000 or a
Material Adverse Effect. No condition exists or event or transaction has
occurred with respect to any U.S. Pension Plan which could reasonably be
expected to result in the incurrence by Holdings, either Borrower or any member
of the Controlled Group of any material liability, fine or penalty, that could
(individually or in the aggregate) reasonably be expected to result in
liabilities in excess of $5,000,000 or a Material Adverse Effect. None of
Holdings, either Borrower nor any member of the Controlled Group has any
contingent liability with respect to any post-retirement benefit under a U.S.
Welfare Plan, other than liability for continuation coverage described in Part 6
of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, which could reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect.

          (b) During the twelve-consecutive-month period before the date of the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and before the date of any Credit
Extension hereunder, (i) no steps have been taken to terminate any Canadian
Pension Plan and (ii) no contribution failure has occurred with respect to any
Canadian Pension Plan, in each case that, individually or in the aggregate could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No condition
exists and no event or transaction has occurred with respect to any Canadian
Pension Plan which could reasonably be expected to result in the incurrence by
Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries of any liability, fine or penalty that could
(individually or in the aggregate) reasonably be expected to result in
liabilities in excess of $5,000,000 or a Material Adverse Effect. Except as
disclosed in the financial statements required to be provided pursuant to this
Agreement or as otherwise disclosed in writing from time to time to the
Administrative Agents, neither Holdings nor any of its Subsidiaries has any
liability, including without limitation a contingent liability, with respect to
any benefit under a Canadian Pension Plan or Canadian Welfare Plan which, in
each case could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

          (c) (i) Each Canadian Pension Plan is in compliance in all material
respects with all applicable pension benefits and tax laws; (ii) all
contributions (including employee contributions made by authorized payroll
deductions or other withholdings) required to be made to the appropriate funding
agency in accordance with all applicable Laws and the terms of each Canadian
Pension Plan have been made in accordance with all applicable Laws and the terms
of each Canadian Pension Plan; (iii) all liabilities under each Canadian Pension
Plan are being funded, on a going concern and solvency basis, in accordance with
the terms of the respective Canadian Pension Plan, the requirements of
applicable pension benefits laws and of applicable regulatory authorities and
the most recent actuarial report filed with respect to such Canadian Pension
Plan; and (iv) no event has occurred and no conditions exist with respect to any
Canadian Pension Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to
result in any Canadian Pension Plan having its registration revoked or refused
for the purposes of any applicable pension benefits or tax laws or being placed
under the administration of any relevant pension benefits regulatory authority
or being required to pay any taxes or penalties under any applicable pension
benefits or tax laws, except for any exceptions to clauses (i) through (iv)
above that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

                                      -83-
<PAGE>
          SECTION 6.13. Environmental Warranties. Each of Holdings and each
Borrower represents and warrants that, except as disclosed in Item 6.13 of the
Disclosure Schedule:

          (a) all facilities and property (including underlying groundwater)
     owned or leased by Holdings, either Borrower or any of their respective
     Subsidiaries and their operations are in compliance with all Environmental
     Laws, except for any such noncompliance that could not (individually or in
     the aggregate) reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

          (b) there are no pending or, to the knowledge of Holdings, any
     threatened (i) claims, complaints, notices, requests for information,
     proceedings, or investigation against or involving Holdings, either
     Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries with respect to any
     alleged violation of any Environmental Law, or (ii) complaints, notices or
     inquiries to Holdings, either Borrower or any of their respective
     Subsidiaries regarding actual or potential liability under any
     Environmental Law, that, with respect to clauses (i) and (ii) of this
     paragraph, could (individually or in the aggregate) reasonably be expected
     to have a Material Adverse Effect;

          (c) there have been no Releases of Hazardous Materials at, on or under
     or from any property or facility now owned, leased or operated by Holdings,
     or to the knowledge of Holdings, either Borrower or any of their respective
     Subsidiaries previously owned, leased or operated by Holdings, either
     Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries, that could (individually
     or in the aggregate) reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
     Effect;

          (d) Holdings and its Subsidiaries have been issued all permits,
     certificates, approvals, licenses and other authorizations pursuant to
     Environmental Laws necessary for the operation of their business
     ("Environmental Permits") and are in compliance with all Environmental
     Permits (except to the extent the failure to have or be in compliance with
     any such Environmental Permit could not (individually or in the aggregate)
     reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect);

          (e) no property or facility now or previously owned, leased or
     operated by Holdings or its Subsidiaries is listed, or proposed for listing
     on the National Priorities List pursuant to CERCLA, on the CERCLIS or on
     any similar state list of sites with respect to any clean up responsibility
     or similar liability of Holdings or one of its Subsidiaries which would be
     reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

          (f) there are no underground storage tanks or related piping, active
     or abandoned, including petroleum storage tanks, on or under any property
     now owned or leased by Holdings, either Borrower or any of their respective
     Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of Holdings or either Borrower, at any
     property previously owned or leased by Holdings, or either Borrower or any
     of their respective Subsidiaries, that could (individually or in the
     aggregate) reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

          (g) none of Holdings, the Borrowers nor any of their respective
     Subsidiaries has transported or arranged for the transportation of any
     Hazardous Material to any location which is listed or proposed for listing
     on the National Priorities List pursuant to

                                      -84-
<PAGE>
     CERCLA, on the CERCLIS or on any similar state list or which, to either
     Borrower's knowledge, is the subject of federal, state or local enforcement
     actions or other investigations which may lead to material claims against
     Holdings, either Borrower or such Subsidiary for any investigatory or
     remedial work, damage to natural resources or personal injury or property
     damage, including claims under CERCLA, which could (individually or in the
     aggregate) reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

          (h) there are no polychlorinated biphenyls or friable asbestos present
     at any property now or previously owned or leased by Holdings, either
     Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries that could (individually
     or in the aggregate) reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
     Effect;

          (i) none of Holdings, the Borrowers nor any of their respective
     Subsidiaries has manufactured or sold any product containing asbestos, the
     result of which could (individually or in the aggregate) reasonably be
     expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and

          (j) no conditions exist at, on or under any property now or previously
     owned or leased by Holdings or either Borrower or any of their respective
     Subsidiaries, or to the knowledge of Holdings or either Borrower, at any
     property previously owned or leased by Holdings, either Borrower or any of
     their respective Subsidiaries, that could, with the passage of time, or the
     giving of notice or both, reasonably be expected (individually or in the
     aggregate) to have a Material Adverse Effect under any Environmental Law.

          SECTION 6.14. Accuracy of Information. None of the factual information
heretofore or contemporaneously furnished in writing to any Agent or any Lender
by or on behalf of any Obligor in connection with any Loan Document or any
transaction contemplated hereby (including the Transactions), taken as a whole,
contains any untrue statements of material fact, or omits to state any material
facts necessary in either case to make such information taken as a whole not
materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which such information
was provided and no other factual information hereafter furnished in connection
with any Loan Document by or on behalf of any Obligor, any Agent or to any
Lender will contain any untrue statements of material fact or will omit to state
any material facts in either case necessary to make such information taken as a
whole not materially misleading on the date as of which such information is
dated or certified in light of the circumstances under which such information
was provided. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all financial projections that have
been or are hereafter made available to any Lender or any of the Agents by
Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective representatives
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby (the "Projections")
(including the Projections included in the bank memorandum furnished to the
Lenders with respect to the Borrowers and the other Obligors and the pro forma
balance sheet furnished in connection with Section 3.6 of the Amendment
Agreement) have been or, in the case of the Projections made available after the
date hereof, will be prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by
Holdings and its Subsidiaries to be reasonable at the time such assumptions were
made (it being recognized by each of the Lenders and the Agents, however, that
projections as to future events are not to be viewed as facts and that the
actual results during the period or periods covered by the Projections will
probably differ from the projected results and such differences may be
material).

                                      -85-
<PAGE>
          SECTION 6.15. Regulations U and X. None of Holdings, the Borrowers or
any of their respective Subsidiaries is engaged in the business of extending
credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock, and no proceeds
of any Credit Extensions will be used to purchase or carry margin stock or
otherwise for a purpose which violates, or would be inconsistent with, F.R.S.
Board Regulation U or Regulation X. Terms for which meanings are provided in
F.R.S. Board Regulation U or Regulation X or any regulations substituted
therefor, as from time to time in effect, are used in this Section with such
meanings.

          SECTION 6.16. Issuance of Subordinated Debt, Status of Obligations as
Senior Indebtedness, etc. The subordination provisions contained in the Other
Debt Documents that are subordinated are enforceable against the holders of the
Indebtedness evidenced thereby by the holder of any "Senior Indebtedness" or
similar term referring to the Obligations (as defined in the applicable Other
Debt Documents). All Obligations, including those to pay principal of and
interest (including interest accruing subsequent to the filing of, or which
would have accrued but for the filing of, a petition for bankruptcy,
reorganization or similar proceeding, whether or not allowed as a claim under
such proceeding) on the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations, and fees and
expenses in connection therewith, constitute "Senior Indebtedness" or similar
term relating to the Obligations (as defined in the applicable Other Debt
Documents) and all such Obligations are entitled to the benefits of the
subordination created by such Other Debt Documents. In furtherance of, and
without limiting the effect of, the foregoing, the Obligations of the U.S.
Borrower constitute "Bank Indebtedness" under the Senior Subordinated Note
Indenture. Each Borrower acknowledges that each Agent, each Lender and each
Issuer is entering into this Agreement and is extending its Commitments in
reliance upon the subordination provisions of the Other Debt Documents.

          SECTION 6.17. Solvency. After giving effect to each Credit Extension
hereunder, each of Parentholdco, Superholdco, Holdings, the Borrowers and the
Subsidiary Guarantors (taken together) are Solvent.

          SECTION 6.18. No Change of Control. The consummation of the Equity
Investment and the exercise of all rights and privileges under the documentation
related thereto do not result in a "Change of Control" under the Superholdco
Senior Discount Note Indenture and the Senior Subordinated Note Indenture.

          SECTION 6.19. Compliance with Superholdco Guaranty. Superholdco has
not made any dividend or other payment to Parentholdco in violation of the
provisions of either the Superholdco Guaranty or the Superholdco Pledge
Agreement.

                                  ARTICLE VII
                                    COVENANTS

          SECTION 7.1. Affirmative Covenants. Holdings and each Borrower agree
with each Secured Party hereto that, until the Termination Date has occurred,
Holdings and each Borrower will perform, or cause to be performed, the
obligations set forth below.

                                      -86-
<PAGE>
          SECTION 7.1.1. Financial Information, Reports, Notices, etc. Holdings
and the U.S. Borrower will furnish, or cause to be furnished, to the
Administrative Agents (for distribution to the Lenders) and to the Syndication
Agent copies of the following financial statements, reports, notices and
information:

          (a) (i) as soon as available and in any event within 30 days after the
     end of each calendar month (other than the last month of a Fiscal Quarter),
     the unaudited consolidated balance sheets of Holdings as of the end of such
     calendar month and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income
     and cash flows of Holdings for such calendar month and for the elapsed
     portion of the Fiscal Year ended with the end of such calendar month, and
     including (in each case), in comparative form the figures for the
     corresponding calendar month in, and year to date portion of, the
     immediately preceding Fiscal Year and comparable budgeted figures for such
     period, and (ii) as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after
     the end of each of the first three Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year, the
     unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Holdings as of the end of such
     Fiscal Quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income
     and cash flows of Holdings for such Fiscal Quarter and for the elapsed
     portion of the Fiscal Year ended with the end of such Fiscal Quarter, and
     including (in each case), in comparative form the figures for the
     corresponding Fiscal Quarter in, and year to date portion of, the
     immediately preceding Fiscal Year and comparable budgeted figures for such
     period, in each case certified by the chief financial or accounting
     Authorized Officer of Holdings that they present fairly in all material
     respects in accordance with GAAP the financial position of Holdings as of
     the date indicated and the results of its operations and changes in its
     cash flows for the periods indicated, subject to normal year-end audit
     adjustments and the absence of footnotes;

          (b) as soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end
     of each Fiscal Year, a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of Holdings
     and the related consolidated statements of income and cash flows of
     Holdings for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in comparative form the
     figures for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year and comparable budgeted
     figures for such period in each case audited (without any Impermissible
     Qualification) by a nationally recognized accounting firm or other
     independent public accountants reasonably acceptable to the Agents, which
     shall include a separate report from such independent public accountants
     that in connection with their audit, nothing came to the attention of such
     accountants that Holdings and its Subsidiaries were not in compliance with
     the terms, covenants, provision and conditions of Section 7.2.4 insofar as
     they relate to accounting matters (including the application of accounting
     terms in connection with the covenants set forth in Section 7.2.4);
     provided, however, that in the event that such independent public
     accountants cannot provide such negative assurances due to matters of firm
     or accounting policy unrelated to the Holdings and its Subsidiaries, Agent
     will cooperate with the U.S. Borrower in directing such independent public
     accountants to provide alternative advice which shall satisfy the
     requirements of this Section 7.1.1(b);

          (c) as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end
     of each of the first three Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year, the
     unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Canadian Borrower as of the end
     of such Fiscal Quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statements of
     income and cash flows of the Canadian Borrower for

                                      -87-
<PAGE>
     such Fiscal Quarter and for the elapsed portion of the Fiscal Year ended
     with the end of such Fiscal Quarter, and including (in each case), in
     comparative form the figures for the corresponding Fiscal Quarter in, and
     year to date portion of, the immediately preceding Fiscal Year, in each
     case certified by the chief financial or accounting Authorized Officer of
     the Canadian Borrower that they present fairly in all material respects in
     accordance with GAAP the financial position of the Canadian Borrower as of
     the date indicated and the results of its operations and changes in its
     cash flows for the periods indicated, subject to normal year-end audit
     adjustments and the absence of footnotes;

          (d) as soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end
     of each Fiscal Year, a copy of the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of
     the Canadian Borrower and the related consolidated statements of income and
     cash flows of the Canadian Borrower for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in
     comparative form the figures for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year;

          (e) concurrently with the delivery of the financial information
     pursuant to clauses (a)(ii) and (b) of this Section 7.1.1, a Compliance
     Certificate, executed by the chief financial or accounting Authorized
     Officer of Holdings, showing compliance with the financial covenants set
     forth in Section 7.2.4 and stating that no Default has occurred and is
     continuing (or, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details of such
     Default and the action that the applicable Obligor has taken or proposes to
     take with respect thereto);

          (f) as soon as available and in any event within 60 days after the end
     of each Fiscal Year, capital and operating budgets for Holdings, in form
     and scope customarily prepared by management for its internal use and
     consistent with past practice prepared by Holdings (and approved by the
     Board of Directors of Holdings) for each calendar month of the succeeding
     Fiscal Year prepared in reasonable detail with discussion of the principal
     assumptions upon which such budgets are based;

          (g) as soon as possible and in any event within three Business Days
     after any officer of any Obligor obtains knowledge of the occurrence of a
     Default, a statement of an Authorized Officer of Holdings or the U.S.
     Borrower setting forth details of such Default and the action which such
     Obligor has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto;

          (h) as soon as possible and in any event within three Business Days
     after any officer of any Obligor obtains knowledge of the commencement of
     any litigation, action, proceeding or labor controversy or of an adverse
     development in any existing litigation, action, proceeding or labor
     controversy which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
     Effect, notice thereof and, to the extent any of the Administrative Agents
     or the Syndication Agent requests, copies of all material and
     non-privileged documentation relating thereto;

          (i) promptly after the sending or filing thereof, copies of all
     reports, notices, prospectuses and registration statements which any
     Obligor files with the SEC or any national securities exchange;

                                      -88-
<PAGE>
          (j) as soon as possible and in any event within three Business Days of
     any officer of any Obligor becoming aware of any of the following which,
     individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in
     liabilities to Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of $5,000,000
     or a Material Adverse Effect: (i) the institution of any steps by any
     Person to terminate any U.S. Pension Plan or Canadian Pension Plan, (ii)
     the failure to make a required contribution to any U.S. Pension Plan or
     Canadian Pension Plan if such failure is sufficient to give rise to a Lien
     under Section 302(f) of ERISA or under any applicable pension benefits laws
     of any jurisdiction, (iii) the taking of any action with respect to a U.S.
     Pension Plan or Canadian Pension Plan which could result in the requirement
     that any Obligor furnish a bond or other security to the PBGC or any
     applicable regulatory authority or such U.S. Pension Plan or Canadian
     Pension Plan, (iv) the complete or partial withdrawal of any of Holdings,
     the U.S. Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group from a U.S.
     Multiemployer Plan or notification that a U.S. Multiemployer Plan is in
     reorganization, or (v) the occurrence of any event with respect to any U.S.
     Pension Plan or Canadian Pension Plan which could result in the incurrence
     by any Obligor of any liability, fine or penalty, notice thereof and copies
     of all documentation relating thereto;

          (k) promptly upon receipt thereof, copies of all final "management
     letters" submitted to any Obligor by the independent public accountants
     referred to in clause (b) in connection with each audit made by such
     accountants;

          (l) promptly following the mailing or receipt of any notice or report
     delivered under the terms of any Subordinated Debt with respect to a breach
     or default thereunder, copies of such notice or report; and

          (m) such other financial and other information as the Required
     Lenders, the Administrative Agents or the Syndication Agent may from time
     to time reasonably request, and, in the event a Default has occurred and is
     continuing or in the event a Lender or Issuer has not had an opportunity to
     request such other financial or other information pursuant to a bank
     meeting or visit referred to in Section 7.1.5 or otherwise in any 90-day
     period, such other financial and other information as such Lender or Issuer
     may reasonably request.

          SECTION 7.1.2. Maintenance of Existence; Compliance with Laws, etc.
Each of Holdings and each Borrower will:

          (a) preserve and maintain (i) its legal existence and (ii) its
     qualification as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction where the
     nature of its business or the location of its assets requires it to be so
     qualified, except to the extent the failure to be so qualified would not
     result in a Material Adverse Effect;

          (b) cause each of its Subsidiaries to, except as otherwise permitted
     by Section 7.2.10, preserve and maintain its legal existence and
     qualification as a foreign entity in each jurisdiction where the nature of
     the business or the location of its assets requires it to be so qualified,
     except to the extent the failure to be so qualified would not result in a
     Material Adverse Effect; and

                                      -89-
<PAGE>
          (c) comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders,
     including the payment (before the same become delinquent) of all taxes,
     assessments and governmental charges imposed upon Holdings, such Borrower
     or any of their respective Subsidiaries or upon their property except (i)
     to the extent being diligently contested in good faith by appropriate
     proceedings and for which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP have
     been set aside on the books of Holdings, such Borrower or any such
     Subsidiary, as applicable, or (ii) to the extent such non-compliance or
     non-payment could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
     Effect.

          SECTION 7.1.3. Maintenance of Properties. Each of Holdings and each
Borrower will, and will cause each of their respective Subsidiaries to,
maintain, preserve, protect and keep its and their respective material
properties in good repair, working order and condition (ordinary wear and tear
and damage or taking by a Casualty Event excepted), and make necessary repairs,
renewals and replacements to the extent necessary to operate the business
carried on by Holdings and its Subsidiaries as it is currently conducted, unless
Holdings, such Borrower or any such Subsidiary determines in good faith that the
continued maintenance of such property is no longer economically desirable.

          SECTION 7.1.4. Insurance. Holdings and each Borrower will, and will
cause each of their respective Subsidiaries to, maintain insurance with
financially sound and reputable insurance companies, and with respect to
property and risks of a character usually maintained by Persons of comparable
size engaged in the same or similar business and similarly situated, against
loss, damage and liability of the kinds and in the amounts customarily
maintained by such Persons. Holdings, each Borrower, and their respective
Subsidiaries shall furnish to each Lender, upon written request, full
information as to the insurance carried. The provisions of this Section 7.1.4
shall be deemed to be supplemental to, but not duplicative of, the provisions of
any other Loan Document that requires the maintenance of insurance.

          All such insurance shall be written by financially responsible
companies selected by Holdings and such Borrower and (except for automobile
insurance) having an A.M. Best rating of "A" (or any equivalent successor
rating) or better and being in a financial size category of VII or larger (or an
equivalent rating of any successor publication of a similar nature), or by other
companies acceptable to the Administrative Agents. Holdings shall cause each of
the other Obligors to, and each Borrower shall, keep its property insured in
favor of, with respect to the U.S. Collateral, the U.S. Administrative Agent
and, with respect to the Canadian Collateral, the Canadian Administrative Agent,
and all policies (including mortgage title insurance policies) or certificates
(or certified copies thereof) with respect to casualty, commercial, general
liability, automobile and property insurance (i) shall be endorsed to the
applicable Administrative Agent's satisfaction for the benefit of such
Administrative Agent and (ii) shall name the applicable Administrative Agent,
for the benefit of the applicable Secured Parties, as mortgagee or lender loss
payee, as applicable (to the extent covering risk of loss or damage to tangible
property), and, for the benefit of the applicable Secured Parties, as an
additional named insured as its interests may appear (to the extent covering any
other risk). Each policy referred to in this Section 7.1.4 shall provide that
(i) the respective insurers irrevocably waive any and all rights of subrogation
with respect to the applicable Administrative Agent, (ii) it will not be
canceled or reduced, or allowed to lapse without renewal, except after not less
than 30 days' written notice (or, in the case of non-payment of premiums, 10
days' notice) to the applicable Administrative Agent and (iii) the inter-

                                      -90-
<PAGE>
ests of the applicable Administrative Agent and Lenders shall not be invalidated
by (A) any act or negligence of Holdings or either Borrower, any of their
respective Subsidiaries or any Person having an interest in any property covered
by a Mortgage or other Collateral Document or (B) occupancy or use of any such
property for purposes more hazardous than permitted by such policy. Each of
Holdings and each Borrower will advise the Administrative Agents promptly of any
significant policy cancellation (other than any such cancellation in connection
with the replacement thereof), reduction or amendment. Each of the U.S.
Administrative Agent and the Canadian Administrative Agent, as the case may be,
agrees to turn over to the relevant Borrower or relevant Subsidiary any
insurance proceeds received by it as loss payee following receipt by such
Administrative Agent of written notice from the relevant Borrower or its
relevant Subsidiary of its intended use of such proceeds, to the extent such
proceeds are not required to be (i) applied at such time to repay Loans or Cash
Collateralize Letter of Credit Outstandings or held in an account by such
Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 3.1.1 or (ii) held by such
Administrative Agents pursuant to the terms of any Mortgage or Security and
Pledge Agreement.

          Subject to Section 7.1.10(c), on or before the Amendment Effective
Date, Holdings and each Borrower will deliver (to the extent not previously
delivered) to the Administrative Agents certificates of insurance reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agents evidencing the existence of all
insurance required to be maintained by Holdings and each Borrower hereunder
setting forth the respective coverages, limits of liability, carrier, policy
number and period of coverage. Neither Holdings nor the Borrowers will, nor will
any of them permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, obtain or carry
separate insurance concurrent in form or contributing in the event of loss with
that required by this Section 7.1.4 unless the applicable Administrative Agent
is the named insured thereunder, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, with
loss payable as provided herein. Each of Holdings and each Borrower will
promptly (but in any event within five Business Days) notify the Administrative
Agents whenever any such separate insurance is obtained and shall deliver to the
Administrative Agents the certificates evidencing the same.

          Without limiting the obligations of Holdings and its Subsidiaries
under the foregoing provisions of this Section 7.1.4, in the event Holdings,
either Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries, as the case may be,
shall fail to maintain in full force and effect insurance as required by the
foregoing provisions of this Section 7.1.4, or if Holdings, either Borrower or
any of their respective Subsidiaries, as the case may be, shall fail to endorse
and deposit all policies or certificates with respect thereto, then the
applicable Administrative Agent may (upon notice to Holdings, the respective
Borrower or the respective Subsidiary, as the case may be), but shall have no
obligation so to do, procure insurance covering the interests of the Lenders and
such Administrative Agent in such amounts and against such risks as such
Administrative Agent (or the Required Lenders) shall deem reasonably
appropriate, and Holdings, the respective Borrower or the respective Subsidiary,
as the case may be, shall reimburse such Administrative Agent in respect of any
premiums, costs and expenses paid by such Administrative Agent in procuring such
insurance to the extent such premiums, costs and expenses do not exceed the
premiums, costs and expenses necessary to obtain the insurance required above
pursuant to this Section 7.1.4.

          SECTION 7.1.5. Bank Meeting; Books and Records.

          (a) The Required Lenders, any Administrative Agent or the Syndication
Agent may request, at their election upon reasonable notice to Holdings and the
Borrowers, a

                                      -91-
<PAGE>
bank meeting to be held by Holdings and the Borrowers at a location reasonably
determined by the Required Lenders, such Administrative Agent or Syndication
Agent, as the case may be; provided that Holdings and the Borrowers shall not be
required to hold more than one bank meeting in any Fiscal Year; provided
further, that, if a Default has occurred and is continuing and a bank meeting
pursuant to this clause (a) has theretofore been held in the Fiscal Year in
which such Default has occurred, the Required Lenders, any Administrative Agent
or the Syndication Agent may request, at their election at reasonable times and
intervals upon reasonable notice to Holdings and the Borrowers, a bank meeting
by conference telephone.

          (b) Each of Holdings and each Borrower will, and will cause each of
their respective Subsidiaries to, keep books and records in accordance with GAAP
which accurately reflect in all material respects its business affairs and
transactions and permit any Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, or any
Lender or Issuer whose visit is coordinated with any Administrative Agent or the
Syndication Agent, or any of their respective designated representatives, at
reasonable times and intervals upon reasonable notice to the chief financial
officer or an Authorized Officer of Holdings or such Borrower, as the case may
be, to visit each of such Person's offices, to discuss such Person's financial
matters with its officers and employees, and its independent public accountants
(and each of Holdings and each Borrower hereby authorizes such independent
public accountant to so discuss each of such Person's financial matters whether
or not any representative of such Person is present) and to examine (and
photocopy extracts from) any of such Person's books and records; provided that
so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, no Lender or Issuer shall
request more than two visits pursuant to this clause (b) per Fiscal Year;
provided, further, that if the bank meeting pursuant to clause (a) of this
Section 7.1.5 is held in any Fiscal Year, such bank meeting shall constitute one
visit by such Lenders or Issuer in such Fiscal Year (whether or not such Lender
or Issuer is present at such bank meeting). Holdings or the applicable Borrower,
as the case may be, shall pay any fees of its independent public accountant
incurred in connection with any consultation pursuant to this Section 7.1.5.

          SECTION 7.1.6. Environmental Law Covenant. Each of Holdings and each
Borrower will, and will cause each of their respective Subsidiaries to,

          (a) (i) use and operate all of its and their facilities and properties
     in material compliance with all Environmental Laws, (ii) keep all
     materials, permits, approvals, certificates, licenses and other
     authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws in effect and
     remain in compliance therewith, and (iii) handle, treat, store, dispose of
     and transfer all Hazardous Materials in compliance with all applicable
     Environmental Laws, except to the extent that the failure of any of the
     foregoing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
     Effect; and

          (b) promptly notify the Agents and provide copies upon receipt of all
     written claims, complaints, notices or inquiries relating (i) to the
     condition of its facilities and properties in respect of, or (ii) to
     compliance with or under, Environmental Laws, which claims, complaints,
     notices or inquiries could (individually or in the aggregate) reasonably be
     expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and shall promptly resolve any
     material non-compliance with or under, Environmental Laws and keep its
     property and facilities free of any Lien imposed under any Environmental
     Law (other than to the extent constituting a Permitted Lien which is being
     diligently contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings).

                                      -92-
<PAGE>
          SECTION 7.1.7. Use of Proceeds. The Borrowers shall use the Credit
Extensions solely for the following purposes:

          (a) In the case of the Term Loans, to repay the Original Term Loans
     which are denominated in U.S. dollars and to pay any interest accrued and
     unpaid as of the Amendment Effective Date with respect thereto, to pay
     accrued and unpaid commitment fees under the Original Credit Agreement, to
     finance the Transactions Dividend, the Special Bonus and to pay fees and
     expenses attributable to this Agreement and the Transactions.

          (b) In the case of U.S. Revolving Loans and U.S. Swing Line Loans, for
     working capital and general corporate purposes of Holdings and its U.S.
     Subsidiaries.

          (c) In the case of U.S. Letters of Credit, for purposes of supporting
     working capital and general corporate purposes of the U.S. Borrower and its
     Subsidiaries and to the extent permitted pursuant to clause (a) of Section
     7.2.6, supporting the obligations of Holdings;

          (d) In the case of Canadian Revolving Loans and Canadian Swing Line
     Loans, for working capital and general corporate purposes of the Canadian
     Borrower and its Canadian Subsidiaries; and

          (e) In the case of Canadian Letters of Credit, for purposes of
     supporting working capital and general corporate purposes of the Canadian
     Borrower and its Subsidiaries.

          SECTION 7.1.8. Mortgages. At the request of the Agents or the Required
Lenders (in their sole discretion), at any time after the Amendment Effective
Date, Holdings, each Borrower and/or each Subsidiary Guarantor shall cause, with
respect to the U.S. Collateral, the U.S. Administrative Agent and, with respect
to the Canadian Collateral, the Canadian Administrative Agent and the applicable
Secured Parties to have, at all times, a first priority perfected security
interest (subject only to Liens permitted hereunder) in all of the fee owned and
leased real property of Holdings, the Borrowers and the Subsidiary Guarantors,
so long as the book value or fair market value of each such property made
subject to a Mortgage hereunder exceeds $2,000,000, by executing and delivering
Mortgages that may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of such Administrative
Agent to create a valid, first priority perfected Lien (subject only to Liens
permitted hereunder) against such real property, it being agreed by the Lenders
and the Administrative Agents that Foreign Subsidiaries shall not be required to
deliver a Mortgage to secure the Obligations of the U.S. Borrower or any U.S.
Subsidiary.

          Should the Agents or the Required Lenders elect to exercise the option
described in the immediately preceding paragraph, in connection with the
execution and delivery of such Mortgages, Holdings and the Borrowers shall, and
shall cause each such Subsidiary Guarantor to as promptly as practicable:

          (a) provide evidence of the completion or satisfactory arrangements,
     for the completion of all recordings and filings of each such Mortgage as
     may be necessary or, in the reasonable opinion of the applicable
     Administrative Agent, desirable to create a valid,

                                      -93-
<PAGE>
     first priority perfected Lien (subject only to Liens permitted hereunder)
     against the properties purported to be covered thereby;

          (b) (A) obtain mortgagee's title insurance policies in favor of the
     applicable Administrative Agent for the benefit of the applicable Secured
     Parties in amounts and in form and substance and issued by insurers,
     reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Administrative Agent, with
     respect to the property purported to be covered by each Mortgage, insuring
     the mortgagor's title to such property and that the interests created by
     each Mortgage constitute valid first Liens thereon free and clear of all
     material defects and encumbrances other than as permitted hereunder or as
     otherwise approved by such Administrative Agent, and, if requested by such
     Administrative Agent, such policies shall also include a survey reading,
     and, if required by such Administrative Agent and if available, revolving
     credit endorsement, comprehensive endorsement, variable rate endorsement,
     access and utilities endorsements, mechanic's lien endorsement and such
     other endorsements as such Administrative Agent shall reasonably request
     and shall be accompanied by evidence of the payment in full of all premiums
     thereon or (B) with respect to any real property located in Canada, in the
     reasonable discretion of the Canadian Borrower, either satisfy the
     requirements of clause (A) above or obtain opinions of Canadian legal
     counsel as to the registration or filing of the Mortgages, the priority
     thereof and the title of the Canadian Borrower with respect thereto, which
     legal opinions shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
     the Administrative Agents; and

          (c) provide such other approvals, opinions or documents as the
     applicable Administrative Agent may reasonably request with respect to such
     real property, including, consents and estoppel agreements from landlords,
     and a reasonably current survey of each property purported to be covered by
     a Mortgage in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such
     Administrative Agent and the title insurer; provided that Holdings and its
     Subsidiaries shall not be required to use more than commercially reasonable
     efforts (and shall not be required to make any payments) to obtain any such
     documentation, or to obtain consents for leasehold mortgages, in each case
     from third parties;

provided that without limiting the foregoing, leasehold mortgages only shall be
required with respect to real property containing a material manufacturing
facility with a lease term (including extension options) of at least 5 years.

          SECTION 7.1.9. Future Subsidiaries. Without limiting the effect of any
provision contained herein, within five Business Days after any Person becomes
either a direct or indirect wholly-owned U.S. Subsidiary or Canadian Subsidiary
of the U.S. Borrower:

          (a) such Person, if not theretofore a party to a Subsidiary Security
     and Pledge Agreement and a Subsidiary Guaranty, shall execute and deliver
     to, with respect to the U.S. Collateral, the U.S. Administrative Agent and,
     with respect to the Canadian Collateral, the Canadian Administrative Agent
     the applicable Subsidiary Security and Pledge Agreement and the applicable
     Subsidiary Guaranty (or, if applicable, a supplement thereto) for the
     benefit of the applicable Secured Parties, it being agreed by the Lenders
     and the Administrative Agents that, subject to the last sentence of this
     Section, Foreign Subsidiaries shall not be required to deliver a guaranty
     of the Obligations of the U.S. Bor-

                                      -94-
<PAGE>
     rower or any U.S. Subsidiary, or grant a Lien on any of their assets to
     secure the Obligations of the U.S. Borrower or any U.S. Subsidiary;

          (b) subject to the last sentence of this Section, (i) the U.S.
     Borrower and each U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor shall, pursuant to a Security
     and Pledge Agreement (as supplemented, if necessary, by a Foreign Pledge
     Agreement), deliver to the U.S. Administrative Agent, for its benefit and
     that of the applicable Secured Parties, (x) certificates evidencing all of
     the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of each Person that has become a
     direct Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower or such U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor
     and (y) certificates evidencing all additional issued and outstanding
     Capital Stock of an existing Subsidiary owned directly by the U.S. Borrower
     or such U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor (provided that, for purposes of --------
     each of the immediately preceding clauses (x) and (y), subject to the last
     sentence of this Section 7.1.9, not more than 65% of the Capital Stock of
     any Foreign Subsidiary shall be so pledged to the U.S. Administrative Agent
     to secure the Obligations of the U.S. Borrower and the U.S. Subsidiary
     Guarantors) and (ii) the Canadian Borrower and each Canadian Subsidiary
     Guarantor shall, pursuant to a Security and Pledge Agreement (as
     supplemented, if necessary, by a Foreign Pledge Agreement), pledge to the
     Canadian Administrative Agent, for its benefit and that of the applicable
     Secured Parties, (x) all of the outstanding shares of Capital Stock of each
     Person that has become a direct Subsidiary of the Canadian Borrower or such
     Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor and (y) all additional shares of Capital
     Stock of an existing Subsidiary owned directly by the Canadian Borrower or
     any such Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor (it being understood and agreed that
     all of the Capital Stock pledged pursuant to this clause (b)(ii) shall only
     secure the Obligations of the Canadian Borrower and the Canadian Subsidiary
     Guarantors), in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii), together with
     undated stock powers for such certificates, executed in blank (or, if any
     such shares of Capital Stock are uncertificated, confirmation and evidence
     reasonably satisfactory to such Administrative Agent that the security
     interest in such uncertificated securities has been transferred to and
     perfected by such Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured
     Parties, in accordance with Article 8 of the UCC or any other similar or
     local or foreign law which may be applicable);

          (c) subject to the last sentence of this Section, (i) the U.S.
     Borrower and each U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor shall, pursuant to a Security
     and Pledge Agreement, pledge to the U.S. Administrative Agent, for its
     benefit and that of the applicable Secured Parties, all Intercompany Notes
     issued to such Person and evidencing Indebtedness in favor of the U.S.
     Borrower or such U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor, as the case may be, to secure
     the Obligations of each of the Obligors, (ii) the Canadian Borrower and
     each Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor shall, pursuant to a Security and Pledge
     Agreement, pledge to the Canadian Administrative Agent, for its benefit and
     that of the applicable Secured Parties, all Intercompany Notes issued to
     such Person and evidencing Indebtedness in favor of the Canadian Borrower
     or such Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor, as the case may be, to secure the
     Obligations of the Canadian Borrower and the Canadian Subsidiary
     Guarantors;

          (d) the applicable Borrower or, if not such Borrower, the applicable
     Subsidiary Guarantor that will own shares of the Capital Stock of such
     Person shall, pursuant to the applicable Security and Pledge Agreement,
     deliver to the applicable Administrative Agent (i) executed copies of
     Filing Statements naming such Obligor as a debtor and such

                                      -95-
<PAGE>
     Administrative Agent as the secured party, or other similar instruments or
     documents to be filed under the Uniform Commercial Code of all
     jurisdictions (or the equivalent under local law) as may be necessary, in
     the reasonable opinion of such Administrative Agent, to perfect the
     security interests of such Administrative Agent pursuant to the applicable
     Security and Pledge Agreement, (ii) executed copies of proper UCC
     termination statements (Form UCC-3) (or the equivalent under local law), if
     any, necessary to release all Liens and other rights of any Person in any
     collateral described in the applicable Security and Pledge Agreement
     previously granted by any Person, except to the extent such Liens are
     otherwise permitted hereunder, (iii) to the extent requested by such
     Administrative Agent, certified copies of UCC Requests for Information or
     Copies (Form UCC-11) or a similar search report listing all effective
     financing statements which name such Person (under its present name and any
     previous names under which it has conducted business during the five-year
     period prior to its acquisition by a Borrower or Subsidiary Guarantor) as
     the debtor and which are filed in the jurisdictions in which filings are to
     be made pursuant to clause (i) above, together with copies of such
     financing statements (none of which shall cover any collateral described in
     any Loan Document, except to the extent such Liens are otherwise permitted
     hereunder or are being released pursuant to clause (ii) above), together,
     in each case, with such opinions of legal counsel as the Agents may
     reasonably request, which legal opinions shall be in form and substance
     reasonably satisfactory to such Agents; and

          (e) the U.S. Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative
     Agents an updated Item 6.9 of the Disclosure Schedule, which shall be true,
     accurate and correct in all material respects as of the date of delivery
     thereof and, simultaneously with any Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary
     Guarantor pursuant to this Section 7.1.9, such Subsidiary Guarantor shall
     complete and deliver to the Administrative Agents a Perfection Certificate.

          The Agents shall be satisfied that the Lien granted to the applicable
Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the applicable Secured Parties in the
collateral described above is a first priority (or local equivalent thereof)
security interest, subject only to Liens permitted hereunder and no Lien exists
on any of the collateral described above other than the Lien created in favor of
the applicable Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the applicable Secured
Parties, pursuant to a Loan Document, and the other Liens permitted hereunder.
The U.S. Borrower agrees that if, as a result of a change in, or the
introduction, adoption, effectiveness, interpretation, reinterpretation or
phase-in of, any law or regulation, directive or guideline of any Governmental
Authority, (i) a Foreign Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower is permitted to execute
and deliver a supplement to the U.S. Subsidiary Guaranty or the U.S. Subsidiary
Security and Pledge Agreement or (ii) the U.S. Borrower or any U.S. Subsidiary
is permitted to pledge more than 66 2/3% of the Capital Stock of any Foreign
Subsidiary or any intercompany Indebtedness owing to any direct or indirect
Foreign Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower evidenced by a note or other instrument
to secure the Obligations of the U.S. Borrower, in any such case without causing
any undistributed earnings of such Foreign Subsidiary as determined for United
States federal income tax purposes to be treated as a deemed dividend to such
Foreign Subsidiary's U.S. parent for United States federal income tax purposes
or without causing material adverse tax consequences to Holdings, the U.S.
Borrower or such Subsidiary, then the provisions of clause (a) of this Section
7.1.9 shall thereafter apply to any Foreign Subsidiary and/or (as the case may
be) the

                                      -96-
<PAGE>
provisions of clause (b) of this Section 7.1.9 shall thereafter apply to 100% of
the Capital Stock of such Foreign Subsidiary (or such lesser amount that can be
pledged without causing any such adverse tax consequences).

          SECTION 7.1.10. Additional Collateral; Insurance.

          (a) Without limiting the provisions of Sections 7.1.8 and 7.1.9,
Holdings and the U.S. Borrower shall, and shall cause each of their respective
wholly-owned U.S. Subsidiaries and Canadian Subsidiaries to, cause the Lenders
to have at all times a first priority perfected security interest (subject only
to Permitted Liens) in all of the personal property owned from time to time by
each such Person to the extent the same constitutes or would constitute
collateral under the applicable Security and Pledge Agreement; provided that no
Foreign Subsidiary shall be required at any time to guarantee or secure the
obligations of the U.S. Borrower or any U.S. Subsidiary.

          (b) As soon as practicable and in no event later than 90 days after
the Amendment Effective Date, the Agents shall have received each Mortgage for
each property owned by the Canadian Borrower, duly executed and delivered by the
Canadian Borrower and a Canadian Debenture covering property in the Province of
Quebec, together with

               (i) evidence of the completion (or satisfactory arrangements for
          the completion) of all recordings and filings of each such Mortgage as
          may be necessary or, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative
          Agents, desirable to create a valid, first priority perfected Lien
          (subject only to Liens permitted under Section 7.2.3) against the
          properties purported to be covered thereby;

               (ii) at the discretion of the Canadian Borrower, either (A)
          mortgagee's title insurance policies in favor of the Canadian
          Administrative Agent for the benefit of the applicable Secured Parties
          in amounts and in form and substance and issued by insurers,
          reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agents, with respect to
          the property purported to be covered by each Mortgage, insuring the
          Mortgagor's title to such property and that the interests created by
          each Mortgage constitute valid first Liens thereon free and clear of
          all material defects and encumbrances other than as permitted under
          Section 7.2.3 or as otherwise approved by the Administrative Agents,
          and such policies shall also include, if required by the
          Administrative Agents and if available, revolving credit endorsement,
          comprehensive endorsement, variable rate endorsement, access and
          utilities endorsements, mechanic's lien endorsement and such other
          endorsements as the Administrative Agents shall reasonably request and
          shall be accompanied by evidence of the payment in full of all
          premiums thereon or (B) opinions of Canadian legal counsel as to the
          registration or filing of the Mortgages, the priority thereof and the
          title of the Canadian Borrower with respect thereto, which legal
          opinions shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
          Administrative Agents; and

               (iii) such other approvals, opinions, reports or documents as the
          Administrative Agents may reasonably request with respect to property
          covered by such Mortgage and Canadian Debenture.

                                      -97-
<PAGE>
          (c) As soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 Business
Days after the Amendment Effective Date, the Agents shall have received (to the
extent not previously delivered) insurance certificates, from one or more
insurance companies reasonably satisfactory to the Agents, evidencing coverage
required to be maintained pursuant to the Loan Documents.

          SECTION 7.1.11. Mortgage Amendments. As soon as practicable and in no
event later than 30 days after the Amendment Effective Date, the U.S. Borrower
shall deliver to the Administrative Agents and the Administrative Agents shall
have received from the U.S. Borrower, a Mortgage Amendment for each of the
Original Mortgages, duly executed and delivered by the U.S. Borrower, together
with:

          (a) legal opinions of local counsel reasonably satisfactory to the
     Administrative Agents with respect of each of the Mortgage Amendments to
     the Original Mortgages identified as items 1 through 5 on Schedule IV
     hereto, which legal opinions shall be in form and substance reasonably
     satisfactory to the Administrative Agents;

          (b) evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agents that such
     action (including, without limitation, the filing of appropriately
     completed Uniform Commercial Code financing statements and the recording of
     the Mortgage Amendments) as may be necessary or as the Administrative
     Agents shall have reasonably requested to perfect the Liens created
     pursuant to the Mortgage Amendments, and to continue the perfection of the
     Liens created pursuant to the Original Mortgages, shall have been taken, or
     that arrangements therefor satisfactory to the Administrative Agents shall
     have been made;

          (c) updated policies of title insurance (or endorsements issued in
     connection with the Existing Title Policies) with respect to each of the
     Mortgage Amendments to the Original Mortgages identified as items 1, 2 and
     3 on Schedule IV attached hereto, in form and substance satisfactory to the
     Administrative Agents and issued by the Title Company, insuring the
     perfection, enforceability and priority of the Liens on each applicable
     Amended Mortgage Property created under the applicable Mortgage Amendments
     in amounts as are satisfactory to the Administrative Agents, subject only
     to such exceptions as are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
     Agents, containing such endorsements as have been previously delivered
     pursuant to the Existing Title Policies or such endorsements as shall be
     otherwise satisfactory to the Administrative Agents;

          (d) "nothing further certificates," or such other equivalent document
     issued by the Title Company with respect to each of the Mortgage Amendments
     to the Original Mortgages identified as items 4 and 5 on Schedule IV
     attached hereto, in each case in form and substance satisfactory to the
     Administrative Agents and issued by the Title Company, showing the priority
     of the Liens of each applicable Amended Mortgage Property created under the
     applicable Mortgage Amendments and showing no Liens (other than Liens
     permitted hereunder) of record with respect to each applicable Amended
     Mortgaged Property since the date of the applicable Existing Title Policy;

          (e) evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agents that the U.S.
     Borrower has paid or made arrangements satisfactory to the Administrative
     Agents to pay to the Title Company all expenses and premiums of the Title
     Company in connection with the issuance of such policies and in addition
     shall have paid or made arrangements satisfactory

                                      -98-
<PAGE>
     to the Administrative Agents to pay to the Title Company an amount equal to
     the recording and stamp taxes payable in connection with recording the
     Mortgage Amendments in the appropriate county land offices; and

          (f) evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agents that the U.S.
     Borrower has paid or made arrangements satisfactory to the Administrative
     Agents to pay all other costs, fees and expenses (including, without
     limitation, mortgage recording, intangibles or documentary stamp or similar
     taxes, reasonable legal fees and expenses) payable to the Administrative
     Agents with respect to the Mortgage Amendments.

          SECTION 7.1.12. Maintenance of Corporate Separateness. Holdings and
each Borrower will, and will cause each of their respective Subsidiaries to,
satisfy customary corporate formalities.

          SECTION 7.2. Negative Covenants. Each of Holdings and each Borrower
covenants and agrees with each Lender hereto that, until the Termination Date
has occurred, Holdings and the Borrowers will perform, or cause to be performed,
the obligations set forth below.

          SECTION 7.2.1. Business Activities. Neither Holdings nor either
Borrower will, nor will any of them permit any of their respective Subsidiaries
to, engage in any business except those businesses in which Holdings and its
Subsidiaries are engaged on the Amendment Effective Date, businesses which are
reasonable extensions thereof and businesses reasonably incidental or
complimentary thereto or expansions thereof.

          SECTION 7.2.2. Indebtedness. Neither Holdings nor either Borrower
will, nor will any of them permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to,
create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, other than:

          (a) Indebtedness in respect of the Obligations;

          (b) until the Amendment Effective Date, Indebtedness that is to be
     repaid in full as (and to the extent) further identified in Item 7.2.2(b)
     of the Disclosure Schedule;

          (c) Indebtedness existing as of the Amendment Effective Date (other
     than the Senior Subordinated Notes) which is identified in Item 7.2.2(c) of
     the Disclosure Schedule, and refinancing of such Indebtedness by a Borrower
     or, if other than a Borrower, the original obligor thereof;

          (d) Indebtedness (which, except to the extent permitted pursuant to
     clause (t) of Section 7.2.3, shall be unsecured) of the U.S. Borrower or
     any of its Subsidiaries in respect of performance, surety or appeal bonds
     or completion guarantees provided in the ordinary course of business, but
     excluding (in each case) Indebtedness incurred through the borrowing of
     money or Contingent Liabilities in respect thereof;

          (e) Indebtedness of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries (i) in
     respect of industrial revenue bonds or other similar governmental or
     municipal bonds, (ii) evidencing the deferred purchase price of newly
     acquired property or incurred to finance the acquisi-

                                      -99-
<PAGE>
     tion of property of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries (pursuant to
     purchase money mortgages or otherwise, whether owed to the seller or a
     third party) used in the ordinary course of business of the U.S. Borrower
     and its Subsidiaries (provided that such Indebtedness is incurred within 90
     days of the acquisition of such property) and (iii) Capitalized Lease
     Liabilities; provided that the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness
     outstanding pursuant to this clause (e) shall not at any time exceed
     $7,500,000;

          (f) Indebtedness of any U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor owing to the U.S.
     Borrower or any other U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor or Indebtedness of any
     Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor owing to the Canadian Borrower or any other
     Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor, which Indebtedness, if evidenced by one or
     more Intercompany Notes and payable to such Borrower or such Subsidiary
     Guarantor, shall be duly executed and delivered in pledge to the applicable
     Administrative Agent pursuant to a Security and Pledge Agreement;

          (g) Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries (other than the Canadian
     Borrower and its Subsidiaries) owing to the U.S. Borrower or a U.S.
     Subsidiary Guarantor which, when aggregated with the amount of Investments
     made by the Borrowers and the Subsidiary Guarantors in such Foreign
     Subsidiaries under clause (f) of Section 7.2.5, does not exceed $3,500,000
     at any time outstanding (determined without giving effect to any
     write-downs or write-offs thereof), and if evidenced by one or more
     Intercompany Notes, shall be duly executed and delivered in pledge to the
     applicable Administrative Agent pursuant to a Security and Pledge Agreement
     (it being understood and agreed that the amount available to be drawn under
     a letter of credit (including any Letter of Credit) issued in support of
     the business or operations of such Foreign Subsidiary and with respect to
     which the U.S. Borrower or a U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor is obligated to
     reimburse the issuer thereof in respect of drawings thereunder shall
     constitute Indebtedness under this clause (g));

          (h) Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries that are wholly-owned
     Subsidiaries owing to other Foreign Subsidiaries (other than the Canadian
     Borrower and each Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor);

          (i) Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries incurred for working capital
     purposes in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to
     exceed $3,000,000; provided that such Indebtedness is not guaranteed by, or
     in any way secured by, the assets of Holdings or any of its U.S.
     Subsidiaries;

          (j) (i) unsecured Indebtedness of the U.S. Borrower owing to (x) a
     U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor or (y) a Subsidiary that has previously executed
     and delivered to the Agents an Interco Subordination Agreement (or a
     supplement thereto) and (ii) unsecured Indebtedness of the Canadian
     Borrower owing to (x) a Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor or (y) a Canadian
     Subsidiary that has previously executed and delivered to the Agents an
     Interco Subordination Agreement (or a supplement thereto);

          (k) unsecured Indebtedness of Holdings or a Borrower in respect of
     Permitted Seller Notes, so long as the aggregate principal amount of
     Permitted Seller Notes outstanding, when aggregated with the aggregate
     principal amount of Indebtedness out-

                                     -100-
<PAGE>
     standing pursuant to clause (l) of this Section 7.2.2, does not at any one
     time exceed $10,000,000; provided that no more than $5,000,000 in the
     aggregate of any such Permitted Seller Notes issued by the Canadian
     Borrower may be outstanding at any one time (in each case, as such amount
     may be increased through interest that is capitalized or paid-in-kind);

          (l) Indebtedness of a Person existing at the time such Person became a
     Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower pursuant to a transaction permitted
     hereunder (such Person, an "Acquired Person"), together with all
     Indebtedness assumed by the U.S. Borrower, Holdings or any of their
     respective Subsidiaries in connection with any Permitted Acquisition,
     including any Permitted Acquisition of assets (all such Indebtedness being
     referred to in this clause (m) as "Assumed Indebtedness"), which does not
     exceed $10,000,000 in the aggregate at any one time outstanding, but only
     to the extent that such Indebtedness was not created or incurred in
     contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary or such Permitted
     Acquisition;

          (m) Indebtedness of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect
     of Hedging Obligations incurred with respect to Indebtedness of the U.S.
     Borrower and its Subsidiaries otherwise permitted to be incurred hereunder
     to the extent (i) the notional principal amount with respect to the
     relevant Hedging Obligation does not exceed the principal amount of the
     Indebtedness to which such Hedging Obligation relates and (ii) such Hedging
     Obligations are not for speculative purposes;

          (n) Indebtedness of Holdings incurred in connection with repurchases
     of its Capital Stock from employees, officers, directors or consultants of
     Holdings or its Subsidiaries upon their ceasing to be employees, officers,
     directors or consultants of Holdings or any such Subsidiary, as the case
     may be, or upon such Person's death or disability; provided that (i) the
     aggregate principal amount of such repurchases funded with Indebtedness
     does not exceed $7,500,000 in the aggregate outstanding at any time and
     (ii) such Indebtedness is subordinated to the Obligations on terms no less
     favorable to the Secured Parties than those set forth on Exhibit J hereto;

          (o) Indebtedness of Holdings in respect of intercompany notes
     permitted by clause (o) of Section 7.2.5;

          (p) guaranties by Holdings, either Borrower and the Subsidiary
     Guarantors of Indebtedness and lease obligations of Holdings and its
     Subsidiaries to the extent that such Indebtedness or lease obligations
     created in respect of any such guaranty would otherwise be permitted to be
     incurred as a direct obligation by Holdings, such Borrower or such
     Subsidiary Guarantor, as the case may be, under this Section 7.2.2 or
     otherwise under this Agreement;

          (q) Indebtedness of the U.S. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
     arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a
     check, draft or similar instrument inadvertently (except in the case of
     daylight overdrafts) drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary
     course of business so long as such Indebtedness is extinguished within
     three Business Days of the incurrence thereof;

                                     -101-
<PAGE>
          (r) Indebtedness of the U.S. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
     arising from agreements of the U.S. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
     providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price or similar
     obligations in respect of any Permitted Acquisition or the disposition of
     any business, assets or a Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower that is permitted
     under this Agreement; provided that the maximum liability in respect of
     such Indebtedness shall at no time exceed the purchase price for such
     Permitted Acquisition or the gross cash proceeds actually received by the
     U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries in connection with such disposition, as
     the case may be;

          (s) Indebtedness of the Canadian Borrower or any Canadian Subsidiary
     Guarantor owing to the U.S. Borrower or a U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor which,
     when aggregated with the amount of Investments made by the U.S. Borrower
     and the U.S Subsidiary Guarantors in the Canadian Borrower and the Canadian
     Subsidiary Guarantors under clause (u) of Section 7.2.5, does not exceed at
     any time outstanding $20,000,000; provided that such Indebtedness is
     evidenced by an intercompany note;

          (t) Qualifying Subordinated Debt; provided that any Net Debt Proceeds
     therefrom is applied in accordance with Section 3.1.1(g);

          (u) other (i) unsecured Indebtedness of Holdings, the U.S. Borrower
     and its Subsidiaries (other than Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries owing
     to Holdings, the U.S. Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor) and (ii)
     secured Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries, in an aggregate principal
     amount for all such Indebtedness under this clause (u) at any time
     outstanding not to exceed $7,500,000; and

          (v) Indebtedness in respect of the outstanding principal of Senior
     Subordinated Notes and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness incurred to
     Refinance such Indebtedness, so long as the aggregate principal amount of
     all such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness (exclusive of unpaid accrued
     interest and premium on and expense incurred in connection with the
     Indebtedness being Refinanced), when aggregated with the principal amount
     of all outstanding Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.2.2(t), does
     not exceed $265,000,000.

provided that no Indebtedness otherwise permitted by clauses (e), (g) (l), (t)
or (u) shall be assumed or otherwise incurred if a Default has occurred and is
then continuing or would result therefrom.

          SECTION 7.2.3. Liens. Neither Holdings nor either Borrower will, nor
will any of them permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, create, incur,
assume or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property (including Capital
Stock of any Person), revenues or assets, whether now owned or hereafter
acquired, except:

          (a) Liens securing payment of the Obligations;

          (b) until the Amendment Effective Date, Liens securing payment of
     Indebtedness of the type described in clause (b) of Section 7.2.2;

                                     -102-
<PAGE>
          (c) Liens existing as of the Amendment Effective Date and disclosed
     and described in Item 7.2.3(c) of the Disclosure Schedule securing
     Indebtedness described in clause (c) of Section 7.2.2, and refinancings of
     such Indebtedness; provided that no such Lien shall encumber any additional
     property and the amount of Indebtedness secured by such Lien is not
     increased (except to the extent attributable to accrued and unpaid interest
     or premium or other expenses and costs incurred in connection with such
     refinancing) from that existing on the Amendment Effective Date (as such
     Indebtedness may have been permanently reduced subsequent to the Amendment
     Effective Date);

          (d) Liens securing Indebtedness of the type permitted under clause (e)
     of Section 7.2.2; provided that (i) such Lien is granted within 90 days
     after such Indebtedness is incurred or any refinancing thereof permitted
     under such clause and (ii) such Lien secures only the assets that are the
     subject of the Indebtedness referred to in such clause and proceeds
     therefrom;

          (e) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted by clause (l) of Section
     7.2.2; provided that such Liens existed prior to such Person becoming a
     Subsidiary or such Permitted Acquisition occurring, were not created in
     anticipation thereof and do not attach to any other asset of the U.S.
     Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries theretofore or thereafter existing;

          (f) Liens in favor of architects, engineers, workmen, contractors and
     sub-contractors, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen and
     landlords granted in the ordinary course of business for amounts which are
     not overdue or are being diligently contested in good faith by appropriate
     proceedings and for which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP shall
     have been set aside on its books;

          (g) Liens incurred or deposits made in the ordinary course of business
     in connection with worker's compensation, unemployment insurance or other
     forms of governmental insurance or benefits (other than Liens in favor of
     the PBGC), or to secure performance of tenders, statutory obligations,
     bids, leases or other similar obligations (other than for borrowed money)
     entered into in the ordinary course of business;

          (h) Liens arising from judgments, decrees or attachments under
     circumstances which do not otherwise result in an Event of Default under
     Section 8.1.6;

          (i) encroachments, discrepancies, easements, servitudes, restrictive
     covenants, land use covenants, rights-of-way, zoning restrictions, minor
     defects or irregularities in title and other similar encumbrances not
     interfering in any material respect with the marketability or use of the
     property to which such Lien is attached;

          (j) Liens for Taxes, assessments or other governmental charges or
     levies not at the time delinquent or thereafter payable without penalty or
     being diligently contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for
     which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP shall have been set aside
     on its books;

                                     -103-
<PAGE>
          (k) Liens securing Indebtedness of the type permitted by clauses (g),
     (h), (i) and (u) of Section 7.2.2 and covering only assets of the Foreign
     Subsidiary obligated under such Indebtedness;

          (l) Liens arising from precautionary UCC-1 financing statement filings
     (or the equivalent under local law) regarding operating leases, leasing
     contracts (credit-bail) and installment sales entered into by the U.S.
     Borrower or any Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower in the ordinary course of
     business;

          (m) licenses, leases or subleases which (i) have been granted in the
     ordinary course of business and do not interfere in any material respect
     with the business of the U.S. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii)
     in the event granted to an Affiliate of Holdings or any of its
     Subsidiaries, comply with Section 7.2.13;

          (n) restrictions imposed in the ordinary course of business on the
     sale or distribution of designated inventory that arise from the sale of
     such inventory to one or more customers;

          (o) Liens in favor of customs or revenue authorities arising as a
     matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the
     importation of goods;

          (p) all reservations, limitations, provisos and conditions expressed
     in any original grant from the Crown in respect of any lands and premises
     of the Canadian Borrower or a Canadian Subsidiary or in any comparable
     grant in jurisdictions other than Canada, provided they do not, in the
     aggregate, materially detract from the value of, or materially interfere
     with the use or operation of the property;

          (q) all rights of expropriation of any federal, provincial or
     municipal authority or agency;

          (r) the right reserved to or vested in any municipality, governmental
     or other public authority by the terms of any lease, license, franchise,
     grant or permit acquired by the Canadian Borrower or a Canadian Subsidiary
     or by any statutory provisions, to terminate any such lease, license,
     franchise, grant or permit, or to require annual or other payments as a
     condition to the continuation thereof;

          (s) applicable municipal and other governmental restrictions,
     including municipal by-laws and regulations, site plan, subdivision,
     development and other similar agreements, in each case affecting the use or
     subdivision of land or the nature of any structures which may be erected
     thereon, provided such restrictions are complied with; and

          (t) other Liens on property of the U.S. Borrower or any of its
     Subsidiaries; provided that the fair market value of the property
     encumbered by Liens described in this clause (t), and the Indebtedness and
     other obligations secured thereby, does not exceed $3,750,000.

                                     -104-
<PAGE>
          SECTION 7.2.4. Financial Condition and Operations. Holdings and the
Borrowers will not permit any of the events set forth below to occur.

          (a) Holdings and the Borrowers will not permit the Leverage Ratio as
     of the last day of each Fiscal Quarter below to be greater than the ratio
     set forth opposite such Fiscal Quarter below:

                                                                    Leverage
     Fiscal Quarter                                                   Ratio

     The fourth Fiscal Quarter of the 2004 Fiscal Year and the       4.00:1
     first and second Fiscal Quarters of the 2005 Fiscal Year

     The third Fiscal Quarter of the 2005 Fiscal Year                3.75:1

     The fourth Fiscal Quarter of the 2005 Fiscal Year and the       3.50:1
     first Fiscal Quarter of the 2006 Fiscal Year

     The second Fiscal Quarter of the 2006 Fiscal Year               3.25:1

     The third Fiscal Quarter of the 2006 Fiscal Year and each       3.00:1
     Fiscal Quarter thereafter

          (b) Holdings and the Borrowers will not permit the Interest Coverage
     Ratio as of the last day of each Fiscal Quarter below to be less than the
     ratio set forth opposite such Fiscal Quarter below:

                                                                    Interest
                                                                    Coverage
     Fiscal Quarter                                                  Ratio

     The fourth Fiscal Quarter of the 2004 Fiscal Year and the       2.90:1
     first Fiscal Quarter of the 2005 Fiscal Year

     The second, third and fourth Fiscal Quarters of the 2005        3.20:1
     Fiscal Year and the first Fiscal Quarter of the 2006 Fiscal
     Year

     The second Fiscal Quarter of the 2006 Fiscal Year and each      3.50:1
     Fiscal Quarter thereafter

          (c) Holdings and the Borrowers will not permit the Fixed Charge
     Coverage Ratio as of the last day of each Fiscal Quarter below be less than
     the ratio set forth opposite such Fiscal Quarter set forth below:

- -105-
<PAGE>
                                                                  Fixed Charge
                                                                    Coverage
     Fiscal Quarter                                                  Ratio

     The fourth Fiscal Quarters of the 2004 Fiscal Year and the      1.30:1
     first Fiscal Quarter of the 2005 Fiscal Year

     The second, third and fourth Fiscal Quarters of the 2005        1.40:1
     Fiscal Year and the first Fiscal Quarter of the 2006 Fiscal
     Year

     The second Fiscal Quarter of the 2006 Fiscal Year and each      1.50:1
     Fiscal Quarter thereafter

          SECTION 7.2.5. Investments. Holdings and the Borrowers will not, and
will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, purchase, make, incur,
assume or permit to exist any Investment in any other Person, except:

          (a) Investments existing on the Amendment Effective Date and
     identified in Item 7.2.5(a) of the Disclosure Schedule;

          (b) cash and Cash Equivalent Investments;

          (c) Investments received in connection with the bankruptcy or
     reorganization of, or settlement of delinquent accounts and disputes with,
     customers and suppliers, in each case in the ordinary course of business;

          (d) Capital Expenditures to the extent permitted pursuant to Section
     7.2.7;

          (e) Investments by way of contributions to capital or purchases of
     Capital Stock (i) by the U.S. Borrower in any U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor or
     any U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor in the U.S. Borrower or other U.S. Subsidiary
     Guarantors, (ii) by Holdings or any Subsidiary in the U.S. Borrower or
     (iii) by the Canadian Borrower in any Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor or by
     any Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor in the Canadian Borrower or any other
     Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor;

          (f) Investments by the U.S. Borrower, a U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor, the
     Canadian Borrower or a Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor by way of
     contributions to capital or purchases of Capital Stock of Foreign
     Subsidiaries, in the aggregate, not to exceed $1,000,000, net of repayments
     thereof and excluding, without duplication, permitted Indebtedness incurred
     pursuant to clause (g) of Section 7.2.2 to the extent such Indebtedness,
     together with all outstanding Investments under this clause (f), do not
     exceed $3,500,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding;

          (g) Investments by a Foreign Subsidiary (other than the Canadian
     Borrower and each Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor) in any other Foreign
     Subsidiary that is a wholly-owned Subsidiary;

          (h) Investments (without duplication) that are permitted as
     Indebtedness pursuant to Section 7.2.2;

                                     -106-
<PAGE>
          (i) Investments made by the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries that
     constitute (i) accounts receivable arising, (ii) trade debt granted, or
     (iii) deposits made in connection with the purchase price of goods or
     services, in each case in the ordinary course of business;

          (j) Investments in respect of Permitted Acquisitions;

          (k) Investments consisting of any deferred portion of the sales price
     received by the U.S. Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with any
     Disposition permitted under Section 7.2.11;

          (l) Investments by the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect
     of (i) payroll, moving, travel and similar advances made in the ordinary
     course of business to cover matters that are expected at the time of such
     advance ultimately to be treated as expenses (in accordance with GAAP), and
     (ii) loans and advances to their respective employees, officers, directors
     and consultants in the ordinary course of business in an aggregate amount
     (determined without giving effect to any write-downs or write-offs of such
     loans and advances) not to exceed $3,000,000 at any time outstanding;

          (m) Investments in respect of loans or extensions of credit made by
     Holdings or the U.S. Borrower ("Management Loans") to employees, officers,
     directors or consultants ("Management Investors") of Holdings or any of its
     Subsidiaries in connection with their purchase of newly issued Capital
     Stock of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent company thereof)
     ("Management Shares"), so long as the proceeds of such loans (if any) are
     used concurrently dollar-for-dollar for the purchase of such Management
     Shares and then contributed concurrently by Holdings (or by such direct
     parent or indirect company to Holdings and then by Holdings) as a capital
     contribution to the U.S. Borrower;

          (n) Restricted Payments permitted pursuant to Section 7.2.6;

          (o) Investments by the U.S. Borrower in the form of intercompany loans
     to Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent company thereof), and by
     Holdings in the form of intercompany loans to its direct or indirect parent
     company, in each case the proceeds of which are used to make payments
     permitted pursuant to Section 7.2.6;

          (p) Investments pursuant to Hedging Obligations permitted hereunder;

          (q) Investments in respect of the ownership of the Capital Stock of
     Subsidiaries created or acquired in accordance with the terms of this
     Section 7.2.5 or Section 7.2.9;

          (r) advances to subcontractors in the ordinary course of business;

          (s) non-cash consideration issued to the U.S. Borrower or any of its
     Subsidiaries by the purchaser of assets in connection with a sale of such
     assets to the extent permitted by Section 7.2.11;

          (t) other Investments by the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an
     amount not to exceed $7,500,000 over the term of this Agreement, net of
     repayments or refunds thereof (but without regard to the effect of any
     write-offs or write-downs thereof) plus

                                     -107-
<PAGE>
     other Investments (including Investments constituting Foreign Permitted
     Acquisitions) to the extent financed with new equity proceeds (not subject
     to clause (h) of Section 3.1.1) received by Holdings (and contributed to
     the U.S. Borrower) or Capital Stock of Holdings (or any direct or indirect
     parent company thereof); and

          (u) Investments by the U.S. Borrower or any U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor
     by way of contributions to capital or purchases of Capital Stock of the
     Canadian Borrower or any Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor not to exceed
     $7,500,000, net of repayments thereof and excluding, without duplication,
     permitted Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clause (s) of Section 7.2.2 to
     the extent such Indebtedness, together with all Investments under this
     clause (u), does not exceed $20,000,000 in the aggregate at any time
     outstanding;

     provided that

               (i) any Investment which when made complies with the requirements
          of clause (a), (b) or (c) of the definition of the term "Cash
          Equivalent Investment" may continue to be held notwithstanding that
          such Investment if made thereafter would not comply with such
          requirements;

               (ii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above in
          this Section 7.2.5, to the extent that any Designated U.S. Subsidiary
          Guarantor has theretofore received an Investment pursuant to clause
          (e) (i) above (exclusive of any Investment from another Designated
          U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor) and such Designated U.S. Subsidiary
          Guarantor thereafter makes a Restricted Payment pursuant to clause
          (c)(i) of Section 7.2.6 to a Foreign Subsidiary, the amount of such
          Restricted Payment (up to the amount of any such Investment
          theretofore received by such Designated U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor
          which has not theretofore been repaid, refunded or returned
          (including, without limitation, by way of an Investment or as a
          Restricted Payment) to the U.S. Borrower or U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor
          that made such Investment) shall be treated as an Investment made in
          such Foreign Subsidiary pursuant to clause (t) above or this clause
          (u), as applicable (it being understood that any repayment, refund or
          return of such Investment to the U.S. Borrower or U.S. Subsidiary
          Guarantor shall be treated as a return of the initial Investment made
          in such Designated U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor); and

               (iii) no Investment otherwise permitted by clauses (f), (j), (t)
          or (u) shall be permitted to be made if any Default has occurred and
          is continuing or would result therefrom.

          SECTION 7.2.6. Restricted Payments, etc. Holdings and the Borrowers
will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, declare
or make a Restricted Payment, or make any deposit for any Restricted Payment,
except:

          (a) the U.S. Borrower may make Restricted Payments to Holdings for the
     purpose of paying, so long as all proceeds are promptly used by Holdings to
     pay, (i) reasonable fees for audit, legal and similar administrative
     services and other corporate overhead, (ii) customary fees to non-officer
     directors of Holdings who are not Affiliates of

                                     -108-
<PAGE>
     Holdings, (iii) out-of-pocket expenses to directors or observers of the
     board of directors of Holdings and (iv) taxes payable by Holdings;

          (b) so long as at the time of such purchase (and after giving effect
     thereto) there shall exist no Default, Holdings may (and the Borrowers may
     make Restricted Payments to Holdings to permit Holdings to) repurchase, or
     make a Restricted Payment to or through any Parent to repurchase,
     Management Shares from any Management Investor or repay (or make interest
     payments on), or make a Restricted Payment to or through any Parent to
     repay, Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clause (n) of Section 7.2.2 (or
     like Indebtedness incurred by any Parent) (i) with proceeds of the key-man
     life insurance maintained on the life of such Management Investor and (ii)
     with cash in an aggregate amount not exceeding $10,000,000;

          (c) (i) any Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower may make Restricted
     Payments to (x) the U.S. Borrower, (y) to any wholly-owned U.S. Subsidiary
     of the U.S. Borrower or (z) to any wholly-owned Subsidiary of the U.S.
     Borrower which owns an equity interest in such Subsidiary and (ii) any
     non-wholly-owned U.S. Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower may make Restricted
     Payments to its shareholders generally so long as the U.S. Borrower or its
     Subsidiary which owns the equity interest in the Subsidiary making such
     Restricted Payment receives at least its proportionate share thereof (based
     upon its relative holding of the equity interests in the Subsidiary making
     such Restricted Payment);

          (d) so long as no Default then exists or would result therefrom, the
     U.S. Borrower may make Restricted Payments to or through any Parent at the
     times, and in the amounts, necessary to enable the respective Parent to
     make any regularly scheduled interest or principal payments that are due
     and payable on any Permitted Seller Notes (so long as the aggregate
     principal amount outstanding thereunder does not exceed $10,000,000) and
     regularly scheduled interest on any Qualifying Subordinated Debt to the
     extent that such payments are permitted to be made pursuant to Section
     7.2.8;

          (e) repurchases of Capital Stock of Holdings deemed to occur upon the
     exercise of stock options if such Capital Stock represents a portion of the
     exercise price thereof and so long as no cash is paid or distributed by
     Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries in connection therewith;

          (f) the U.S. Borrower may make Restricted Payments to Holdings, the
     proceeds of which shall be used by Holdings to make Restricted Payments to
     its direct or indirect parent company, for the purpose of such direct or
     indirect parent company paying, so long as all proceeds are promptly used
     by such direct or indirect parent company to pay, (i) reasonable fees for
     audit, legal and similar administrative services and other corporate
     overhead, (ii) customary fees to non-officer directors of such direct or
     indirect parent company who are not Affiliates of such direct or indirect
     parent company, (iii) out-of-pocket expenses to directors or observers of
     the board of directors of such direct or indirect parent company and (iv)
     taxes payable by such direct or indirect parent company, provided, however,
     (x) the aggregate amount paid pursuant to preceding subclauses (i), (ii)
     and (iii) shall not exceed $500,000 in any Fiscal Year of Holdings and (y)
     the aggregate amount of any such payments pursuant to preceding sub-clause
     (iv) in respect of any Fiscal Year does not exceed the amount that Holdings
     and its Subsidiaries would be re-

                                     -109-
<PAGE>
     quired to pay in respect of Federal, state, foreign and local taxes for
     such Fiscal Year were Holdings and its Subsidiaries to pay such taxes on a
     hypothetical separate consolidated, combined or unitary basis (in the case
     of taxes with respect to which tax returns are filed on such a basis)
     (whether or not all such amounts described in the preceding sub-clause (iv)
     are actually used by such direct or indirect parent company for such
     purposes);

          (g) the U.S. Borrower and Holdings may make Restricted Payments to or
     through any Parent (x) so long as no Default then exists or would result
     therefrom, in an amount necessary (taking into account all applicable
     restrictions set forth in the Superholdco Senior Discount Note Indenture as
     in effect on the Amendment Effective Date) to enable Parentholdco to make
     regularly scheduled cash interest payments on the then outstanding
     Parentholdco Notes as required by the Parentholdco Notes Indenture as in
     effect on the Amendment Effective Date, provided that no such amount shall
     exceed 200% of the amount equal to a 10% per annum cash interest payment on
     the Parentholdco Notes and (y) after the fifth anniversary of the Amendment
     Effective Date, in an amount not to exceed to 200% of the amount required
     to enable Parentholdco to redeem the Parentholdco Notes or to pay
     additional amounts required to be paid in cash pursuant to the terms of the
     the Parentholdco Notes Indenture as in effect on the Amendment Effective
     Date, in each case to the extent required so that the Parentholdco Notes do
     not constitute "applicable high yield discount obligations" within the
     meaning of Section 163(i)(1) of the Code; provided that such --------
     Restricted Payments may be made pursuant to this clause (g) on the last day
     of the Fiscal Quarter ended most recently prior to the respective date on
     which such regularly scheduled interest is required to be made pursuant to
     the Parentholdco Notes and the date on which such additional cash interest
     payment or redemptions must be made so that the Parentholdco Notes do not
     constitute "applicable high yield discount obligations" as described above,
     as the case may be (although Parentholdco shall not actually make any such
     interest or redemption payments until such date as when such interest
     payment is required, or such redemption must be made, as contemplated
     above); and

          (h) the U.S. Borrower may make Restricted Payments to Holdings and
     Holdings may make Restricted Payments to or through any Parent at any time
     in an amount necessary (taking into account all applicable restrictions set
     forth in the Superholdco Senior Discount Note Indenture as in effect on the
     Amendment Effective Date) to permit Parentholdco to pay a portion of the
     Transactions Dividend in an aggregate amount not to exceed $34.3 million;
     provided that the amount of such Restricted Payments permitted under this
     clause (h) shall not exceed 200% of the amount of such portion of the
     Transactions Dividend. For the avoidance of doubt, the $22.0 million of
     payments pursuant to the Special Bonus to the U.S. Borrower's officers and
     the $62.7 million portion of the Transactions Dividend to be paid on the
     Amendment Effective Date do not constitute a Restricted Payment;

provided, that in the case of Restricted Payments made pursuant to clauses (g)
and (h) above, all such amounts paid pursuant thereto shall either (x)
immediately be paid to Parentholdco in an amount not to exceed 50% (or 100% if
the next proviso is applicable) of the amount permitted thereby and used as
contemplated in clause (g) or (h), as applicable, or (y) be paid directly into a

                                     -110-
<PAGE>
deposit account in which the U.S. Administrative Agent shall have a perfected
first priority security interest (which shall be a Deposit Account established
pursuant to the Superholdco Pledge Agreement) and shall only be disbursed
therefrom in compliance with the terms of the Superholdco Pledge Agreement;
provided, however, that in the event that the Superholdco Senior Discount Notes
are repaid in full, otherwise defeased or the terms thereof and of the
Superholdco Senior Discount Notes Indenture are amended such that it is no
longer necessary that the 200% payment described in clauses (g)(x), (g)(y) and
(h) above be made in order to allow for dividends paid under the Senior
Subordinated Notes Indenture to match dividends allowed under the Superholdco
Discount Notes Indenture, such 200% shall be reduced to 100%.

          SECTION 7.2.7. Capital Expenditures, etc.

          (a) Subject (in the case of Capitalized Lease Liabilities) to clause
(e) of Section 7.2.2, the Borrowers will not, and will not permit any of their
respective Subsidiaries to, make or commit to make any Capital Expenditures on
or after the Amendment Effective Date, other than Capital Expenditures made or
committed to be made by a Borrower and its respective Subsidiaries in any Fiscal
Year which in the aggregate do not exceed (i) $22,500,000 for the 2004 Fiscal
Year, (ii) $28,000,000 million for the 2005 Fiscal Year, and (iii) $25,000,000
for any Fiscal Year thereafter; provided that to the extent that Capital
Expenditures made by the Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries during any
Fiscal Year (or portion thereof) are less than the maximum amount permitted to
be made for such Fiscal Year 100% of such unused amount (each such amount, a
"carry-forward amount") may be carried forward to the immediately succeeding
Fiscal Year and utilized to make Capital Expenditures in such succeeding Fiscal
Year (it being understood and agreed that no carry forward amount may be carried
beyond the Fiscal Year immediately succeeding the Fiscal Year in which it
arose); provided, further, that, in addition to the foregoing, from and after
the consummation of any Permitted Acquisition, the maximum Capital Expenditure
amounts set forth above for each Fiscal Year shall be increased by an amount
equal to 3% of the gross sales of each Person or business acquired in each such
Permitted Acquisition for the 12-month period most recently ended prior to the
consummation of such Permitted Acquisition for which financial statements are
available for such Person or business (provided that the Capital Expenditure
amount for the Fiscal Year in which such Permitted Acquisition is consummated
shall only be increased by the amount set forth above in this proviso multiplied
by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days remaining in such
Fiscal Year and the denominator of which is 365 or 366, as the case may be).

          (b) In addition to any Capital Expenditures permitted pursuant to
clause (a) above, the Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries may make
Capital Expenditures (i) with Net Casualty Proceeds and Net Disposition Proceeds
to the extent permitted by clauses (d) and (e) of Section 3.1.1, (ii) with Net
Equity Proceeds or other equity proceeds not required to be applied to repay
Term Loans pursuant to clause (h) of Section 3.1.1, (iii) with Excess Cash Flow
for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year retained by the Borrowers and not
required to be applied to repay Term Loans pursuant to clause (f) of Section
3.1.1 and (iv) from and after January 1, 2005, so long as the Leverage Ratio is
less than 2.50:1 as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate
delivered pursuant to clause (e) of Section 7.1.1, an additional amount not to
exceed $5,000,000. For the avoidance of doubt, any portion of any Permitted
Acquisition that is permitted under Section 7.2.5 that is accounted for as
Capital Expenditure shall not constitute a Capital Expenditure for purposes of
this Section 7.2.7 (provided that the aggregate limit for Per-

                                     -111-
<PAGE>
mitted Acquisitions shall be decreased dollar-for-dollar by the amount expended
in respect of such Permitted Acquisition that is so accounted as a Capital
Expenditure).

          SECTION 7.2.8. No Prepayment of Subordinated Debt. Except as otherwise
permitted by clause (v) of Section 7.2.2 or clauses (b) and (d) of Section
7.2.6, Holdings and the Borrowers will not, and will not permit any of their
respective Subsidiaries to, (i) make any payment or prepayment of principal of,
or premium or interest on, any Subordinated Debt (A) other than the stated,
scheduled payment of principal or interest set forth in the applicable Other
Debt Documents related to such Indebtedness, or (B) which would violate the
terms of this Agreement or the applicable Other Debt Documents related to such
Indebtedness, (ii) redeem, retire, purchase, defease or otherwise acquire any
Subordinated Debt, or (iii) make any deposit (including the payment of amounts
into a sinking fund or other similar fund) for any of the foregoing purposes.

          SECTION 7.2.9. Capital Stock of Subsidiaries. Holdings and the
Borrowers will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to,
issue any Capital Stock (whether for value or otherwise), other than (x) Capital
Stock of Holdings (other than Redeemable Capital Stock not otherwise permitted
to be issued pursuant to Section 7.2.2), (y) Capital Stock of the U.S. Borrower
issued to Holdings and pledged pursuant to the Holdings Pledge Agreement and (z)
in the case of Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower, Capital Stock issued (i) to
the U.S. Borrower or another Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower, (ii) for purposes
of transfers permitted under this Agreement and replacements of then outstanding
shares of Capital Stock, (iii) for purposes of stock splits, stock dividends and
additional issuances which are permitted under this Agreement and do not
decrease the percentage ownership of the U.S. Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries in any class of the Capital Stock of such Subsidiaries, (iv) with
respect to Foreign Subsidiaries, to qualify directors or local nationals to the
extent (but only to the extent) required by applicable law, (v) in respect of
Subsidiaries formed after the Amendment Effective Date and permitted pursuant to
this Agreement and (vi) issuances of Capital Stock permitted pursuant to Section
7.2.5; provided that the Capital Stock of all wholly-owned U.S. Subsidiaries of
the U.S. Borrower shall be pledged pursuant to the U.S. Borrower Pledge and
Security Agreement.

          SECTION 7.2.10. Consolidation, Merger, Acquisitions, etc. Holdings and
the Borrowers will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries
to, liquidate or dissolve, consolidate with, or merge into or with, any other
Person, or otherwise enter into or consummate any acquisition of any Person or
all or substantially all of the assets of any Person or any business of such
Person, except

          (a) (i) any Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower (other than the Canadian
     Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) (for purposes of this clause (a)(i), a
     "Subject U.S. Borrower Subsidiary") may liquidate or dissolve voluntarily
     into, and may merge with and into, the U.S. Borrower (so long as the U.S.
     Borrower is the continuing or surviving corporation) or any other Subject
     U.S. Borrower Subsidiary (provided that a Subsidiary Guarantor that is a
     Subject U.S. Borrower Subsidiary may only liquidate or dissolve into, or
     merge with and into, the U.S. Borrower or another Subsidiary Guarantor that
     is a Subject U.S. Borrower Subsidiary), and the assets or Capital Stock of
     any Subject U.S. Borrower Subsidiary may be purchased or otherwise acquired
     by the U.S. Borrower or any other Subject U.S. Borrower Subsidiary
     (provided that the assets or Capital Stock of any Subsidiary Guarantor may
     only be purchased or otherwise acquired by the U.S. Borrower

                                     -112-
<PAGE>
     or another Subsidiary Guarantor that is a Subject U.S. Borrower
     Subsidiary); provided, further, that in no event shall any Pledged
     Subsidiary that is a Subject U.S. Borrower Subsidiary consolidate with or
     merge with and into any Subsidiary other than another Pledged Subsidiary
     unless after giving effect thereto, the applicable Administrative Agent
     shall have a perfected pledge of, and security interest in and to, at least
     the same percentage of the issued and outstanding interests of Capital
     Stock (on a fully diluted basis) of the surviving Person as such
     Administrative Agent had immediately prior to such merger or consolidation
     in form and substance satisfactory to such Administrative Agent, pursuant
     to such documentation and opinions as shall be necessary in the reasonable
     opinion of such Administrative Agent to create, perfect or maintain the
     collateral position of the Secured Parties therein; and

          (ii) any Subsidiary of the Canadian Borrower may liquidate or dissolve
     voluntarily into, and may merge with and into, the Canadian Borrower (so
     long as the Canadian Borrower is the continuing or surviving corporation)
     or any other Subsidiary of the Canadian Borrower (provided that a Canadian
     Subsidiary Guarantor may only liquidate or dissolve into, or merge with and
     into, the Canadian Borrower or another Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor), and
     the assets or Capital Stock of any Subsidiary of the Canadian Borrower may
     be purchased or otherwise acquired by the Canadian Borrower or any other
     Subsidiary of the Canadian Borrower (provided that the assets or Capital
     Stock of any Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor may only be purchased or
     otherwise acquired by the Canadian Borrower or another Canadian Subsidiary
     Guarantor); provided, further, that in no event shall any Pledged
     Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary of the Canadian Borrower consolidate with
     or merge with and into any Subsidiary other than another Pledged Subsidiary
     that is a Subsidiary of the Canadian Borrower unless after giving effect
     thereto, the applicable Administrative Agent shall have a perfected pledge
     of, and security interest in and to, at least the same percentage of the
     issued and outstanding interests of Capital Stock (on a fully diluted
     basis) of the surviving Person as such Administrative Agent had immediately
     prior to such merger or consolidation in form and substance satisfactory to
     such Administrative Agent, pursuant to such documentation and opinions as
     shall be necessary in the reasonable opinion of such Administrative Agent
     to create, perfect or maintain the collateral position of the Secured
     Parties therein; and

          (b) Permitted Acquisitions in accordance with the definition hereof
     and, without duplication, Investments as, and to the extent, permitted by
     Section 7.2.5.

          SECTION 7.2.11. Permitted Dispositions. Holdings and the Borrowers
will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, Dispose
of any of such Borrower's or such Subsidiaries' assets (including accounts
receivable, Capital Stock of Subsidiaries or any proceeds thereof) to any
Person, in one transaction or series of transactions, except for the following:

          (a) Dispositions of (i) inventory Disposed of in the ordinary course
     of its business, (ii) assets which are obsolete, worn out or otherwise no
     longer useful in the business of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries in
     the good faith judgment of management or (iii) other assets with a fair
     market value of $75,000 or less (up to an aggregate amount not to exceed
     $750,000 in any year);

                                     -113-
<PAGE>
          (b) Dispositions permitted by Section 7.2.10;

          (c) Dispositions made pursuant to non-exclusive licensing arrangements
     entered into by the U.S. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect
     to any of its intellectual property in the ordinary course of its business;

          (d) (i) Dispositions for not less than the fair market value of the
     assets to be Disposed, (ii) the consideration received by the U.S. Borrower
     or applicable Subsidiary consists of at least 75% cash, (iii) the net book
     value of such assets, together with the net book value of all other assets
     Disposed of pursuant to this clause (d), does not exceed $3,000,000 in any
     Fiscal Year or $15,000,000 over the term of this Agreement and (iv)
     immediately prior to and after giving effect to such Disposition no Default
     shall have occurred and be continuing;

          (e) Dispositions in respect of the sale or exchange of specific items
     of equipment, so long as the purpose of each such sale or exchange is to
     acquire (and results within 120 days of such sale or exchange in the
     acquisition of) replacement items of equipment which are the functional
     equivalent of the item of equipment so sold or exchanged;

          (f) Dispositions in respect of the sale or discount of receivables in
     the ordinary course of business and not as part of any financing
     transaction;

          (g) Dispositions in respect of leases or subleases granted to other
     Persons in the ordinary course of business;

          (h) the Disposition of (i) the vinyl window manufacturing operations
     located at the Lambeth, Ontario facility of the Canadian Borrower, (ii) the
     vinyl manufacturing operations located at the Freeport, Texas facility of
     the U.S. Borrower and (iii) the business operations and assets related to
     the fence, deck and rail operations of the U.S. Borrower located primarily
     at the West Salem, Ohio facility; provided that, in each case, the
     consideration received by the U.S. Borrower and Gentek U.S., as the case
     may be (x) shall not be less than the fair market value of the equipment,
     assets or operations to be Disposed of and (y) shall consist of at least
     75% cash;

          (i) without duplication, Dispositions in respect of sales or
     leasebacks permitted under Section 7.2.15; and

          (j) (i) Dispositions by the U.S. Borrower to a U.S. Subsidiary
     Guarantor, (ii) Dispositions by a U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor to the U.S.
     Borrower or another U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor, (iii) Dispositions by the
     Canadian Borrower to a Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor, (iv) Dispositions by
     a Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor to the Canadian Borrower or another
     Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor, (v) Dispositions by a Foreign Subsidiary
     (other than the Canadian Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) to another
     Foreign Subsidiary (other than the Canadian Borrower or any of its
     Subsidiaries), (vi) Dispositions to the U.S. Borrower or any Subsidiary of
     the U.S. Borrower by a Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower in the ordinary
     course of its business and (vii) other Dispositions by the U.S. Borrower or
     any Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower so long as each such Disposition

                                     -114-
<PAGE>
     is consummated for not less than fair market value of the assets to be
     Disposed of and is otherwise in compliance with the terms of Section
     7.2.13.

          SECTION 7.2.12. Modification of Certain Agreements. Holdings and the
Borrowers will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to,
consent to any amendment, supplement, waiver or other modification of, or enter
into any forbearance from exercising any rights with respect to the terms or
provisions (i) of any of the Subordinated Debt, other than any amendment,
supplement, waiver or modification for which no fee is payable to the holders of
such Subordinated Debt and which (x) extends the date or reduces the amount of
any required repayment, prepayment or redemption of the principal of such
Subordinated Debt, (y) reduces the rate or extends the date for payment of the
interest, premium (if any) or fees payable on such Subordinated Debt or (z)
makes the covenants, events of default or remedies in respect of such
Subordinated Debt less restrictive on the obligors thereunder, or (ii) any of
the other Material Transaction Documents other than any amendment, supplement,
waiver or modification which would not impair, or in any manner be adverse to,
the right, interests or obligations of any Secured Party under any Loan Document
or (iii) any Organic Document of Holdings, each Borrower or any of their
respective Subsidiaries, other than any amendment, supplement, waiver or
modification which would not impair, or in any manner be adverse to, the rights,
interests or obligations of any Secured Party under any Loan Document.

          SECTION 7.2.13. Transactions with Affiliates. Holdings and the
Borrowers will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to,
enter into or cause or permit to exist any arrangement, transaction or contract
(including for the purchase, lease or exchange of property or the rendering of
services) with any of its other Affiliates, unless such arrangement, transaction
or contract is on terms customary for similar arrangements, transactions or
contracts entered into by Persons generally and such terms are no less favorable
to Holdings or such Subsidiary than it could obtain in an arm's-length
transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate, except:

          (a) Restricted Payments may be made to the extent provided in Section
     7.2.6;

          (b) (i) transactions exclusively between or among the U.S. Borrower
     and one or more U.S. Subsidiary Guarantors that are wholly-owned
     Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower or exclusively between or among such U.S.
     Subsidiary Guarantors, (ii) transactions exclusively between or among the
     Canadian Borrower and one or more Canadian Subsidiary Guarantors that are
     wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the Canadian Borrower or exclusively between
     or among such Canadian Subsidiary Guarantors and (iii) transactions
     exclusively between or among a Foreign Subsidiary and another Foreign
     Subsidiary (other than any transaction involving a Foreign Subsidiary which
     is a Canadian Subsidiary);

          (c) Holdings and its Subsidiaries may conduct any transaction
     otherwise permitted pursuant to (i) clauses (c), (f), (g), (h), (j), (n),
     (o), (p), (s) and (u) of Section 7.2.2, (ii) clauses (c), (i), (k) and (m)
     of Section 7.2.3, (iii) clauses (a), (e), (f), (g), (l), (m), (o), (q), (t)
     and (u) of Section 7.2.5, (iv) Section 7.2.9, (vi) clause (a) of Section
     7.2.10 and (vi) to the extent otherwise permitted pursuant to clause (c)(i)
     above, clause (h) of Section 7.2.5;

                                     -115-
<PAGE>
          (d) the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries may make payments to (i)
     Harvest Partners and its Affiliates pursuant to the Harvest Management
     Agreement and (ii) Investcorp and its Affiliates pursuant to the Investcorp
     Management Agreement, in each case as in effect on the date of this
     Agreement; provided that the Harvest Fee and Investcorp Fee (as defined in
     the applicable Management Agreement) shall not be payable (other than the
     $3,631,927 deferred portion thereof payable in connection with the
     Transactions) during the continuance of an Event of Default, but instead
     shall be accrued and be payable upon the cure or waiver of any such Event
     of Default;

          (e) customary fees to non-officer directors of Holdings and its
     Subsidiaries;

          (f) employment, employee benefit, consulting and indemnity
     arrangements with officers, directors, employees and consultants of
     Holdings and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business;

          (g) management services fees, licensing fees and other similar fees
     paid to the U.S. Borrower or a U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor by any Subsidiary
     of the U.S. Borrower;

          (h) Holdings and its Subsidiaries may enter into a tax sharing
     agreement or arrangement with, and may make, without duplication of any
     amounts paid pursuant to sub-clause (iv) of Section 7.2.6(f), payments
     pursuant thereto to any direct or indirect parent company of Holdings with
     which Holdings or its Subsidiaries is required or permitted to file a
     consolidated tax return or with which Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries
     is or could be part of a consolidated group for tax purposes in amounts
     otherwise permitted by such sub-clause (iv) of Section 7.2.6(f); and

          (i) without duplication of clause (c) above, Holdings and its
     Subsidiaries may pay management bonuses (including the Special Bonus)
     outside of the ordinary course of business to their respective management
     and employees in connection with the Transactions so long as (x) such
     bonuses are not paid with any cash internally generated by Holdings or any
     of its Subsidiaries and (y) the aggregate amount of such bonuses paid over
     the term of this Agreement does not exceed $22,000,000.

          Except for the transactions permitted above pursuant to this Section
7.2.13 or pursuant to clause (j) of Section 7.2.11, (i) prior to entering into
any transaction or series related transactions with any Affiliate of a Borrower
or any Affiliate of a Borrower's Subsidiaries involving or having a value in
excess of $2,000,000 such Borrower shall deliver to the Agents a certificate of
an Authorized Officer stating that, in the good faith determination of the Board
of Directors of such Borrower (as evidenced by a resolution), the transaction is
on terms in all material respects no less favorable to Holdings, the Borrowers
or any of their respective Subsidiaries, as the case may be, than could be
obtained from an unaffiliated party and (ii) Holdings, the Borrowers or any of
their respective Subsidiaries shall not enter into any transaction with any of
their respective Affiliates involving or having a value of more than $15,000,000
or if there is no member of the Board of Directors of such Borrower who does not
have any direct or indirect financial interest in or with respect to the
transaction being considered, unless Holdings, such Borrower or such Subsidiary,
as the case may be, has received an opinion from an independent fi-

                                     -116-
<PAGE>
nancial advisor to the effect that such transaction (or series of transactions)
is fair to Holdings, such Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, from
a financial point of view.

          SECTION 7.2.14. Restrictive Agreements, etc. Holdings and the
Borrowers will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to,
enter into any agreement prohibiting

          (a) the creation or assumption of any Lien upon any properties,
     revenues or assets of any Obligor, whether now owned or hereafter acquired,
     for the benefit of any Secured Party;

          (b) the ability of any Obligor to amend or otherwise modify any Loan
     Document; or

          (c) the ability of any Subsidiary to make any payments, directly or
     indirectly, to either Borrower, including by way of dividends, advances,
     repayments of loans, reimbursements of management and other intercompany
     charges, expenses and accruals or other returns on investments, or transfer
     any of its assets or property to either Borrower.

          The foregoing prohibitions shall not apply to restrictions contained
(i) in any Loan Document, (ii) in the case of clauses (a) and (c), in any
agreement governing any Indebtedness permitted by clause (e) of Section 7.2.2 as
to the assets financed with the proceeds of such Indebtedness and (iii) in the
case of clauses (a) and (c), pursuant to (A) applicable law, (B) customary
non-assignment provisions in leases or other contracts, (C) customary provisions
restricting the transfer of property or assets that are subject to a Permitted
Lien or an agreement to transfer such property or assets and (D) in any
agreement governing any Indebtedness permitted by clauses (i), (c), (l), (m),
(u)(ii) and (v) of Section 7.2.2; provided that, (x) with respect to any such
Indebtedness of the type permitted by clause (l) of Section 7.2.2, this clause
(D) shall only apply with respect to agreements in effect as of the time such
Indebtedness is assumed and (y) with respect to any such Indebtedness of the
type permitted by clause (m) of Section 7.2.2, this clause (D) shall only apply
with respect to agreements entered into with one or more Lenders or an Affiliate
thereof and which contain restrictions no more restrictive than those contained
in this Agreement.

          SECTION 7.2.15. Sale and Leaseback. Holdings and the Borrowers will
not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, directly or
indirectly enter into any agreement or arrangement providing for the sale or
transfer by it of any property (now owned or hereafter acquired) to a Person and
the subsequent lease or rental of such property or other similar property from
such Person; provided that the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries may enter into
any agreement or arrangement providing for the sale or transfer by it of any
property (now owned or hereafter acquired) to a Person and the subsequent lease
or rental of such property or other similar property from such Person so long as
at the time of determination the present value (discounted at the interest rate
implicit in the lease) of the obligation of the lessee of the property subject
to such sale and leaseback transaction for rental payments during the remaining
term of the lease included in such transaction, including any period for which
such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended or
until the earliest date on which the lessee may terminate such lease without
penalty or upon payment of penalty (in which case the rental payments shall
include such penalty), after excluding all amounts required to be paid on

                                     -117-
<PAGE>
account of maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water,
utilities and similar charges, does not exceed at any time $3,750,000.

          SECTION 7.2.16. Take or Pay Contracts. Holdings and the Borrowers will
not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, enter into or
be a party to any arrangement for the purchase of materials, supplies, other
property or services if such arrangement by its express terms requires that
payment be made by Holdings, such Borrower or such Subsidiary regardless of
whether such materials, supplies, other property or services are delivered or
furnished to it except in the ordinary course of business and consistent with
past practices.

          SECTION 7.2.17. Fiscal Year. The U.S. Borrower will not change its
Fiscal Year.

          SECTION 7.2.18. Activities of Holdings. Notwithstanding any provision
to the contrary herein and without limiting the effect of any provision
contained in this Article VII, Holdings will not (a) create, incur, assume or
suffer to exist any Indebtedness (other than (i) Indebtedness in respect of the
guaranty contained in Article IX, Permitted Seller Notes, Qualifying
Subordinated Debt and the repurchase of its Capital Stock to the extent
permitted hereunder, and (ii) as provided in clauses (n), (o), and (p) of
Section 7.2.2), (b) create, assume, or suffer to exist any Lien upon, or grant
any options or other rights with respect to, any of its revenues, property or
other assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired (other than as provided in
clauses (a) and (j) of Section 7.2.3), (c) wind up, liquidate or dissolve itself
(or suffer to exist any of the foregoing), consolidate or amalgamate with or
merge into or with any other Person, or convey, sell, transfer, lease or
otherwise dispose of all or any part of its assets, in one transaction or a
series of transactions, to any Person or Persons, (d) create, incur, assume or
suffer to exist any Investment in any Person (other than its continuing
ownership of all the shares of Capital Stock of the U.S. Borrower and
Investments otherwise permitted with respect to Holdings under Section 7.2.5),
(e) declare or make a Restricted Payment, or make any deposit for any Restricted
Payment (other than provided in Section 7.2.6), (f) permit to be taken any
action that would result in a Change in Control or (g) engage in any other
business activity except in compliance with its Obligations under the Loan
Documents and except for any business activity that Holdings is expressly
permitted to conduct pursuant to a specific provision hereunder.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                                EVENTS OF DEFAULT

          SECTION 8.1. Listing of Events of Default. Each of the following
events or occurrences described in this Article shall constitute an "Event of
Default".

          SECTION 8.1.1. Non Payments of Obligations.

          (a) Either Borrower shall default in the payment or prepayment when
due of (i) any principal of any Loan, any Reimbursement Obligation or any
deposit of cash for collateral purposes pursuant to Section 2.6.4, or (ii) any
interest on any Loan, any fee described in Article III or any other monetary
Obligation, and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of three
Business Days after such amount was due; and

                                     -118-
<PAGE>
          (b) any Guarantor shall default in the payment when due of any amounts
owed by it under any Guaranty to which it is a party and such default shall
continue unremedied for a period of three Business Days after such amount was
due.

          SECTION 8.1.2. Breach of Warranty. Any representation or warranty of
any Obligor made or deemed to be made in any Loan Document (including any
certificates delivered pursuant to Article V of the Original Credit Agreement or
Article III of the Amendment Agreement) is or shall be incorrect when made or
deemed to have been made in any material respect.

          SECTION 8.1.3. Non-Performance of Certain Covenants and Obligations.
Holdings or either Borrower shall default in the due performance or observance
of any of its obligations under clause (g) of Section 7.1.1, clause (a)(i) of
Section 7.1.2, Section 7.1.7 or Section 7.2 or Superholdco shall default in the
due performance or observation of any of its obligations under Section 4.6 of
the Superholdco Guaranty or Section 4.5 of the Superholdco Pledge Agreement.

          SECTION 8.1.4. Non-Performance of Other Covenants and Obligations.

          (a) Holdings or either Borrower shall default in the due performance
or observance of any of its obligations under Section 7.1.1 (other than clause
(g) thereof), 7.1.8, 7.1.9, 7.1.10 or Section 7.1.11 and such default shall
continue unremedied for a period of 30 days; or

          (b) any Obligor shall default in the due performance and observance of
any agreement contained in any Loan Document executed by it (other than the
agreements described in Section 8.1.1, 8.1.2, 8.1.3 or clause (a) of this
Section 8.1.4), and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30
days after notice thereof shall have been given to the U.S. Borrower by any
Agent or the Required Lenders.

          SECTION 8.1.5. Default on Other Indebtedness. A default shall occur in
the payment of any amount when due (subject to any applicable grace period),
whether by acceleration or otherwise, of any principal or stated amount of, or
interest or fees on, any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness described in
Section 8.1.1) of Superholdco, Holdings, either Borrower or any of their
respective Subsidiaries having a principal or stated amount, individually or in
the aggregate, in excess of $7,500,000, or a default shall occur in the
performance or observance of any obligation or condition with respect to such
Indebtedness if the effect of such default is to accelerate the maturity of any
such Indebtedness or such default shall continue unremedied for any applicable
period of time sufficient to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness,
or any trustee or agent for such holders, to cause or declare such Indebtedness
to become due and payable or to require such Indebtedness to be prepaid,
redeemed, purchased or defeased, or require an offer to purchase or defease such
Indebtedness to be made, prior to its expressed maturity.

          SECTION 8.1.6. Judgments. Any judgment or order for the payment of
money, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $7,500,000 (exclusive of
any amounts fully covered by insurance (less any applicable deductible) to the
extent the provider of such insurance is not denying its liability with respect
thereto) shall be rendered against Holdings, either Borrower or any of their
respective Subsidiaries and such judgment shall not have been paid, vacated

                                     -119-
<PAGE>
or discharged or stayed or bonded pending appeal within 30 days after the entry
thereof or enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor
upon such judgment or order.

          SECTION 8.1.7. Pension Plans.

          (a) Any of the following events shall occur with respect to any U.S.
Pension Plan or U.S. Multiemployer Plan: (i) the institution of any steps by
Holdings, either Borrower, any member of the Controlled Group or any other
Person to terminate a U.S. Pension Plan if, as a result of such termination,
Holdings, either Borrower or any such member is required to make a contribution
to such U.S. Pension Plan, or could reasonably be expected to incur a liability
or obligation to such U.S. Pension Plan, in an amount in excess of $5,000,000,
(ii) a contribution failure occurs with respect to any U.S. Pension Plan
sufficient to give rise to a Lien under section 302(f) of ERISA in an amount in
excess of $5,000,000 or (iii) the complete or partial withdrawal of any of
Holdings, the U.S. Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group from a U.S.
Multiemployer Plan that results in or would reasonably be likely to result in
withdrawal liability of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries in an amount in
excess of $5,000,000 or a Material Adverse Effect.

          (b) Any of the following events shall occur with respect to any
Canadian Pension Plan or Canadian Welfare Plan: (i) the institution of any steps
by Holdings, either Borrower, a Subsidiary or any other Person to terminate any
Canadian Pension Plan if, as a result of such termination, Holdings or any of
its Subsidiary is required to make an additional contribution to such Canadian
Pension Plan, or could reasonably be expected to incur a liability or obligation
to such Canadian Pension Plan, in an amount in excess of $5,000,000; (ii) a
contribution failure occurs with respect to any Canadian Pension Plan in an
amount in excess of $5,000,000; (iii) the taking of any action with respect to a
Canadian Pension Plan which could reasonably be likely to result in the
requirement that Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries furnish a bond or other
security to such Canadian Pension Plan or any applicable regulatory authority
that, individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect, or (iv) the occurrence of any event with respect to
any Canadian Pension Plan that results in or would reasonably be likely to
result in the incurrence by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries of any
liability, fine or penalty, or any increase in a liability, including without
limitation a contingent liability, of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries in an
amount in excess of $5,000,000 with respect to any Canadian Pension Plan or
Canadian Welfare Plan benefit.

          SECTION 8.1.8. Change in Control. Any Change in Control shall occur.

          SECTION 8.1.9. Bankruptcy, Insolvency, etc. Superholdco, Holdings,
either Borrower or any Material Subsidiary shall:

          (a) become insolvent or generally fail to pay, or admit in writing its
     inability or unwillingness generally to pay, debts as they become due;

          (b) apply for, consent to or suffer to exist the appointment of a
     trustee, receiver, sequestrator or other custodian for any substantial part
     of the property of any thereof, or make a general assignment for the
     benefit of creditors;

                                     -120-
<PAGE>
          (c) in the absence of such application, consent, sufferance or
     assignment, permit or suffer to exist the appointment of a trustee,
     receiver, sequestrator or other custodian for a substantial part of the
     property of any thereof, and such trustee, receiver, sequestrator or other
     custodian shall not be discharged within 60 days; provided that
     Superholdco, Holdings and each Borrower (for themselves and their Material
     Subsidiaries) hereby expressly authorize each Secured Party to appear in
     any court conducting any relevant proceeding during such 60-day period to
     preserve, protect and defend their rights under the Loan Documents;

          (d) permit or suffer to exist the commencement of any bankruptcy,
     reorganization, debt arrangement or other case or proceeding under any
     bankruptcy or insolvency law or any dissolution, winding up or liquidation
     proceeding, in respect thereof, and, if any such case or proceeding is not
     commenced by Superholdco, Holdings, such Borrower or any such Material
     Subsidiary, such case or proceeding shall be consented to or acquiesced in
     by such Person or shall result in the entry of an order for relief or shall
     remain for 60 days undismissed; provided that Superholdco, Holdings and
     each Borrower (for themselves and their Material Subsidiaries) hereby
     expressly authorize each Secured Party to appear in any court conducting
     any such case or proceeding during such 60-day period to preserve, protect
     and defend their rights under the Loan Documents; or

          (e) take any board of director action authorizing, or in furtherance
     of, any of the foregoing.

          SECTION 8.1.10. Impairment of Security, etc. Any material provision of
any Loan Document or any Lien granted thereunder with respect to any material
assets shall (except in accordance with its terms), in whole or in part,
terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be the legally valid, binding and
enforceable obligation of any Obligor party thereto; any Obligor shall contest
in any manner such effectiveness, validity, binding nature or enforceability;
or, except as permitted under any Loan Document, any Lien securing any
Obligation shall, in whole or in part, cease to be a perfected first priority
Lien.

          SECTION 8.1.11. Failure of Subordination. Unless otherwise waived or
consented to by the Required Lenders, the Agents and the Issuers in writing, the
subordination provisions relating to any Subordinated Debt (the "Subordination
Provisions") shall fail to be enforceable by the Lenders, the Agents and the
Issuers in material accordance with the terms thereof or the monetary
Obligations shall fail to constitute "Senior Indebtedness" (or a similar term)
referring to the Obligations; or any Obligor shall disavow or contest in any
manner, or shall support or fail to contest any holder of Subordinated Debt
which disavows or contests in any manner, (i) the effectiveness, validity or
enforceability of any of the material Subordination Provisions, (ii) that the
Subordination Provisions exist for the benefit of the Lenders, the Agents and
the Issuers or (iii) that all payments of principal of or premium and interest
on the Subordinated Debt, or realized from the liquidation of any property of
any Obligor, shall be subject to any of such Subordination Provisions.

          SECTION 8.2. Action if Bankruptcy. If any Event of Default described
in clauses (a) through (d) of Section 8.1.9 shall occur with respect to (a) the
U.S. Borrower, the U.S. Commitments (if not theretofore terminated) shall
automatically terminate and the outstanding principal amount of all outstanding
U.S. Loans and all other Obligations (including Re-

                                     -121-
<PAGE>
imbursement Obligations) related thereto shall automatically be and become
immediately due and payable by the U.S. Borrower, without notice or demand to
any Person, and the U.S. Borrower shall automatically and immediately be
obligated to Cash Collateralize all U.S. Letter of Credit Outstandings and (b)
the Canadian Borrower, the Canadian Commitments (if not theretofore terminated)
shall automatically terminate and the outstanding principal amount of all
outstanding Canadian Loans and all other Obligations (including Reimbursement
Obligations) related thereto shall automatically be and become immediately due
and payable by the Canadian Borrower, without notice or demand to any Person,
and the Canadian Borrower shall automatically and immediately be obligated to
Cash Collateralize (in the relevant Currency) all Canadian Letter of Credit
Outstandings and Canadian BAs in respect of which any Lender has not received
payout in full.

          SECTION 8.3. Action if Any Event of Default. If any Event of Default
shall occur for any reason, whether voluntary or involuntary, and be continuing,
the U.S. Administrative Agent, upon the written direction of the Required
Lenders, shall by notice to the Borrowers declare all or any portion of the
outstanding principal amount of the Loans and other Obligations (including
Reimbursement Obligations), other than Loans and other Obligations which have
become due and payable pursuant to Section 8.2, to be due and payable by the
Borrowers and/or the relevant Commitments (if not theretofore terminated) to be
terminated, whereupon the full unpaid amount of such Loans and other Obligations
which shall be so declared due and payable shall be and become immediately due
and payable, without further notice, demand or presentment, and/or, as the case
may be, the relevant Commitments shall terminate and the Borrowers shall
automatically and immediately be obligated to Cash Collateralize (in the
relevant Currency) all Letter of Credit Outstandings and Canadian BAs in respect
of which any Lender has not received payout in full.

                                   ARTICLE IX
                                HOLDINGS GUARANTY

          SECTION 9.1. Guaranty. Holdings hereby absolutely, unconditionally and
irrevocably

          (a) guarantees the full and punctual payment when due, whether at
     stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand
     or otherwise, of all Obligations of the Borrowers now or hereafter
     existing, whether for principal, interest, fees, expenses or otherwise
     (including all such amounts which would become due but for the operation of
     the automatic stay under Section 362(a) of the United States Bankruptcy
     Code, 11 U.S.C. Section 362(a), and the operation of Sections 502(b) and
     506(b) of the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. Section 502(b) and
     Section 506(b)), and

          (b) indemnifies and holds harmless each Secured Party and each holder
     of a Note for any and all costs and expenses (including reasonable
     attorneys' fees and expenses) incurred by such Secured Party or such
     holder, as the case may be, in enforcing any rights under the guaranty set
     forth in this Article IX.

                                     -122-
<PAGE>
          The guaranty set forth in this Article IX constitutes the primary
obligation of Holdings and not a contract of surety, and a guaranty of payment
when due and not of collection, and Holdings specifically agrees that it shall
not be necessary or required that any Secured Party or any holder of any Note
exercise any right, assert any claim or demand or enforce any remedy whatsoever
against either Borrower or any other Obligor (or any other Person) before or as
a condition to the obligations of Holdings under the guaranty set forth in this
Article IX.

          SECTION 9.2. Acceleration of Holdings Guaranty. Holdings agrees that,
in the event of the occurrence of an Event of Default described under Section
8.1.9 with respect to either Borrower, and if such event shall occur at a time
when any of the Obligations of such Borrower and each other Obligor may not then
be due and payable, Holdings agrees that it will pay to the Administrative
Agents for the account of the Secured Parties forthwith the full amount which
would be payable under the guaranty set forth in this Article IX by Holdings if
all such Obligations were then due and payable.

          SECTION 9.3. Guaranty Absolute, etc. The guaranty set forth in this
Article IX shall in all respects be a continuing, absolute, unconditional and
irrevocable guaranty of payment, and shall remain in full force and effect until
all Obligations of the Borrowers and each other Obligor have been paid in full
in cash, all obligations of Holdings under the guaranty set forth in this
Article IX shall have been paid in full in cash, all Letters of Credit have been
terminated or expired and all Commitments shall have terminated. Holdings
guarantees that the Obligations of the Borrowers will be paid strictly in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement and each other Loan Document under
which they arise, regardless of any law, regulation or order now or hereafter in
effect in any jurisdiction affecting any of such terms or the rights of any
Secured Party or any holder of any Note with respect thereto. The liability of
Holdings under the guaranty set forth in this Article IX shall be absolute,
unconditional and irrevocable irrespective of:

          (a) any lack of validity, legality or enforceability of this
     Agreement, any Note or any other Loan Document;

          (b) the failure of any Secured Party or any holder of any Note

               (i) to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or
          remedy against either Borrower, any other Obligor or any other Person
          (including any other guarantor (including Holdings)) under the
          provisions of this Agreement, any Note, any other Loan Document or
          otherwise, or

               (ii) to exercise any right or remedy against any other guarantor
          (including Holdings) of, or collateral securing, any Obligations of
          either Borrower;

          (c) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any
     other term of, all or any of the Obligations of either Borrower, or any
     other extension, compromise or renewal of any Obligation of either
     Borrower;

          (d) any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination of any
     Obligations of either Borrower for any reason, including any claim of
     waiver, release, surrender, alteration or compromise, and shall not be
     subject to (and Holdings hereby waives any right to

                                     -123-
<PAGE>
     or claim of) any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination
     whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality, nongenuineness,
     irregularity, compromise, unenforceability of, or any other event or
     occurrence affecting, any Obligations of either Borrower or otherwise;

          (e) any amendment to, rescission, waiver, or other modification of, or
     any consent to departure from, any of the terms of this Agreement, any Note
     or any other Loan Document;

          (f) any addition, exchange, release, surrender or non-perfection of
     any collateral, or any amendment to or waiver or release or addition of, or
     consent to departure from, any other guaranty, held by any Secured Party or
     any holder of any Note securing any of the Obligations of either Borrower;
     or

          (g) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a defense
     available to, or a legal or equitable discharge of, either Borrower, any
     surety or any guarantor.

          SECTION 9.4. Reinstatement, etc. Holdings agrees that the guaranty set
forth in this Article IX shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the
case may be, if at any time any payment (in whole or in part) of any of the
Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored by any Secured Party or
any holder of any Note, upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of
either Borrower or otherwise (and whether as a result of any demand, settlement,
litigation or otherwise), all as though such payment had not been made.

          SECTION 9.5. Waiver, etc. Holdings hereby waives promptness,
diligence, notice of acceptance and any other notice with respect to any of the
Obligations of the Borrowers and the guaranty set forth in this Article IX and
any requirement that any Administrative Agent, any other Secured Party or any
holder of any Note protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or
Lien, or any property subject thereto, or exhaust any right or take any action
against either Borrower, any other Obligor or any other Person (including any
other guarantor) or entity or any collateral securing the Obligations of the
Borrowers.

          SECTION 9.6. Postponement of Subrogation, etc. Holdings agrees that it
will not exercise any rights which it may acquire by way of rights of
subrogation under the guaranty set forth in this Article IX, by any payment made
under the guaranty set forth in this Article IX or otherwise, until the prior
payment in full in cash of all Obligations of the Borrowers and each other
Obligor, the termination or expiration of all Letters of Credit and the
termination of all Commitments. Any amount paid to Holdings on account of any
such subrogation rights prior to the payment in full in cash of all Obligations
of the Borrowers and each other Obligor, the termination or expiration of all
Letters of Credit and the termination of all Commitments shall be held in trust
for the benefit of the Secured Parties and each holder of a Note and shall
immediately be paid to the Administrative Agents for the benefit of the Secured
Parties and each holder of a Note and credited and applied against the
Obligations of the Borrowers and each other Obligor, whether matured or
unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but without
affecting, impairing or limiting in any manner the liability of Holdings under
other provisions hereof. In furtherance of the foregoing, for so long as any
Obligations, Letters of Credit or Commitments remain outstanding, Holdings shall
refrain from taking any action or commencing any proceeding against either
Borrower or any other Obligor (or its successors or assigns,

                                     -124-
<PAGE>
whether in connection with a bankruptcy proceeding or otherwise) to recover any
amounts in the respect of payments made under the guaranty set forth in this
Article IX to any Secured Party or any holder of a Note.

          SECTION 9.7. Successors, Transferees and Assigns; Transfers of Notes,
etc. The guaranty set forth in this Article IX shall:

          (a) be binding upon Holdings, and its successors, transferees and
     assigns; and

          (b) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Administrative
     Agents and each other Secured Party.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (b), any Lender may
assign or otherwise transfer (in whole or in part) any Note or Credit Extension
held by it to any other Person or entity, and such other Person or entity shall
thereupon become vested with all rights and benefits in respect thereof granted
to such Lender under any Loan Document (including the guaranty set forth in this
Article IX) or otherwise, subject, however, to any contrary provisions in such
assignment or transfer, and to the provisions of Section 12.11 and Article XI.

                                   ARTICLE X
                             U.S. BORROWER GUARANTY

          SECTION 10.1. Guaranty. The U.S. Borrower hereby absolutely,
unconditionally and irrevocably

          (a) guarantees the full and punctual payment when due, whether at
     stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand
     or otherwise, of all Obligations of the Canadian Borrower now or hereafter
     existing, whether for principal, interest, fees, expenses or otherwise
     (including all such amounts which would become due but for the operation of
     the automatic stay under Section 362(a) of the United States Bankruptcy
     Code, 11 U.S.C. Section 362(a), and the operation of Sections 502(b) and
     506(b) of the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. Section 502(b) and
     Section 506(b)), and

          (b) indemnifies and holds harmless each Secured Party and each holder
     of a Canadian Note for any and all costs and expenses (including reasonable
     attorneys' fees and expenses) incurred by such Secured Party or such
     holder, as the case may be, in enforcing any rights under the guaranty set
     forth in this Article X.

          The guaranty set forth in this Article X constitutes the primary
obligation of the U.S. Borrower and not a contract of surety and a guaranty of
payment when due and not of collection, and the U.S. Borrower specifically
agrees that it shall not be necessary or required that any Secured Party or any
holder of any Canadian Note exercise any right, assert any claim or demand or
enforce any remedy whatsoever against the Canadian Borrower or any other Obligor
(or any other Person) before or as a condition to the obligations of the U.S.
Borrower under the guaranty set forth in this Article X.

                                     -125-
<PAGE>
          SECTION 10.2. Acceleration of U.S. Borrower Guaranty. The U.S.
Borrower agrees that, in the event of the occurrence of an Event of Default
described under Section 8.1.9 with respect to the Canadian Borrower, and if such
event shall occur at a time when any of the Obligations of the Canadian Borrower
and each other Obligor securing or guaranteeing the Obligations of the Canadian
Borrower may not then be due and payable, the U.S. Borrower agrees that it will
pay to the Administrative Agents for the account of the Secured Parties
forthwith the full amount which would be payable under the guaranty set forth in
this Article X by the U.S. Borrower if all such Obligations were then due and
payable.

          SECTION 10.3. Guaranty Absolute, etc. The guaranty set forth in this
Article X shall in all respects be a continuing, absolute, unconditional and
irrevocable guaranty of payment, and shall remain in full force and effect until
all Obligations of the Canadian Borrower and each other Obligor securing or
guaranteeing the Obligations of the Canadian Borrower have been paid in full in
cash, all obligations of the U.S. Borrower under the guaranty set forth in this
Article X shall have been paid in full in cash, all Canadian Letters of Credit
have been terminated or expired and all Canadian Commitments shall have
terminated. The U.S. Borrower guarantees that the Obligations of the Canadian
Borrower will be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
and each other Loan Document under which they arise, regardless of any law,
regulation or order now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any
of such terms or the rights of any Secured Party or any holder of any Canadian
Note. The liability of the U.S. Borrower under the guaranty set forth in this
Article X shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable irrespective of:

          (a) any lack of validity, legality or enforceability of this
     Agreement, any Canadian Note or any other Loan Document;

          (b) the failure of any Secured Party or any holder of any Canadian
     Note

               (i) to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or
          remedy against the Canadian Borrower, any other Obligor or any other
          Person (including any other guarantor (including the U.S. Borrower))
          under the provisions of this Agreement, any Canadian Note, any other
          Loan Document or otherwise, or

               (ii) to exercise any right or remedy against any other guarantor
          (including the U.S. Borrower) of, or collateral securing, any
          Obligations of the Canadian Borrower;

          (c) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any
     other term of, all or any of the Obligations of the Canadian Borrower, or
     any other extension, compromise or renewal of any Obligation of the
     Canadian Borrower;

          (d) any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination of any
     Obligations of the Canadian Borrower for any reason, including any claim of
     waiver, release, surrender, alteration or compromise, and shall not be
     subject to (and the U.S. Borrower hereby waives any right to or claim of)
     any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever
     by reason of the invalidity, illegality, nongenuineness, irregularity,
     compromise, unenforceability of, or any other event or occurrence
     affecting, any Obligations of the Canadian Borrower or otherwise;

                                     -126-
<PAGE>
          (e) any amendment to, rescission, waiver, or other modification of, or
     any consent to departure from, any of the terms of this Agreement, any
     Canadian Note or any other Loan Document;

          (f) any addition, exchange, release, surrender or non-perfection of
     any collateral, or any amendment to or waiver or release or addition of, or
     consent to departure from, any other guaranty, held by any Secured Party or
     any holder of any Canadian Note securing any of the Obligations of the
     Canadian Borrower; or

          (g) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a defense
     available to, or a legal or equitable discharge of, the Canadian Borrower,
     any surety or any guarantor.

          SECTION 10.4. Reinstatement, etc. The U.S. Borrower agrees that the
guaranty set forth in this Article X shall continue to be effective or be
reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment (in whole or in part)
of any of the Obligations of the Canadian Borrower is rescinded or must
otherwise be restored by any Secured Party or any holder of any Canadian Note,
upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Canadian Borrower or
otherwise (and whether as a result of any demand, settlement, litigation or
otherwise), all as though such payment had not been made.

          SECTION 10.5. Waiver, etc. The U.S. Borrower hereby waives promptness,
diligence, notice of acceptance and any other notice with respect to any of the
Obligations of the Canadian Borrower and the guaranty set forth in this Article
X and any requirement that the Canadian Administrative Agent, any other Secured
Party or any holder of any Canadian Note protect, secure, perfect or insure any
security interest or Lien, or any property subject thereto, or exhaust any right
or take any action against the Canadian Borrower, any other Obligor or any other
Person (including any other guarantor) or entity or any collateral securing the
Obligations of the Canadian Borrower.

          SECTION 10.6. Postponement of Subrogation, etc. The U.S. Borrower
agrees that it will not exercise any rights which it may acquire by way of
rights of subrogation under the guaranty set forth in this Article X, by any
payment made under the guaranty set forth in this Article X or otherwise, until
the prior payment in full in cash of all Obligations of the Canadian Borrower
and each other Obligor securing or guaranteeing the Obligations of the Canadian
Borrower, the termination or expiration of all Canadian Letters of Credit and
the termination of all Canadian Commitments. Any amount paid to the U.S.
Borrower on account of any such subrogation rights prior to the payment in full
in cash of all Obligations of the Canadian Borrower and each other Obligor
securing or guaranteeing the Obligations of the Canadian Borrower, the
termination or expiration of all Canadian Letters of Credit and the termination
of all Canadian Commitments shall be held in trust for the benefit of the
Secured Parties and each holder of a Canadian Note and shall immediately be paid
to the Canadian Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and
each holder of a Canadian Note and credited and applied against the Obligations
of the Canadian Borrower and each other Obligor securing or guaranteeing the
Obligations of the Canadian Borrower, whether matured or unmatured, in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but without affecting is impairing
in any manner the liability of the U.S. Borrower under any other provision
hereof. In furtherance of the foregoing, for so long as any Obligations,
Canadian Letters of Credit or Commitments in respect of the Canadian

                                     -127-
<PAGE>
Facility remain outstanding, the U.S. Borrower shall refrain from taking any
action or commencing any proceeding against the Canadian Borrower or any other
Obligor securing or guaranteeing the Obligations of the Canadian Borrower (or
its successors or assigns, whether in connection with a bankruptcy proceeding or
otherwise) to recover any amounts in the respect of payments made under the
guaranty set forth in this Article X to any Secured Party or any holder of a
Note.

          SECTION 10.7. Successors, Transferees and Assigns; Transfers of
Canadian Notes, etc. The guaranty set forth in this Article X shall:

          (a) be binding upon the U.S. Borrower, and its successors, transferees
     and assigns; and

          (b) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Canadian
     Administrative Agent and each other Secured Party.

          Without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (b), any
Canadian Lender may assign or otherwise transfer (in whole or in part) any
Canadian Note or Credit Extension relating thereto held by it to any other
Person or entity, and such other Person or entity shall thereupon become vested
with all rights and benefits in respect thereof granted to such Canadian Lender
under any Loan Document (including the guaranty set forth in this Article X) or
otherwise, subject, however, to any contrary provisions in such assignment or
transfer, and to the provisions of Section 12.11 and Article XI.

                                   ARTICLE XI
                                   THE AGENTS

          SECTION 11.1. Appointments and Authorizations; Actions.

          (a) Each Lender hereby appoints Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as its
Syndication Agent, each U.S. Lender appoints UBS AG, Stamford Branch, as its
U.S. Administrative Agent, and each Canadian Revolving Loan Lender appoints
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as its Canadian Administrative Agent under
and for purposes of each Loan Document. Each Lender authorizes the applicable
Administrative Agent and/or the Syndication Agent to act on behalf of such
Lender under each Loan Document and, in the absence of other written
instructions from the Required Lenders received from time to time by the Agents
(with respect to which each such Agent agrees that it will comply, except as
otherwise provided in this Section or as otherwise advised by counsel in order
to avoid contravention of applicable law), to exercise such powers hereunder and
thereunder as are specifically delegated to or required of each such Agent by
the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as may be reasonably
incidental thereto. Each Lender hereby indemnifies (which indemnity shall
survive any termination of this Agreement) each Agent (in its capacity as an
Agent), pro rata according to such Lender's proportionate Total Exposure Amount,
from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, claims,
costs or expenses of any kind or nature whatsoever which may at any time be
imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against, each such Agent (in its capacity
as an Agent) in any way relating to or arising out of any Loan Document,
including reasonable attorneys' fees, and as to which each such Agent is not
reimbursed by the Borrowers; provided that no Lender shall

                                     -128-
<PAGE>
be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations,
losses, damages, claims, costs or expenses which are determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction in a final proceeding to have resulted from such Agent's
gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct. No Agent shall be required to
take any action under any Loan Document, or to prosecute or defend any suit in
respect of any Loan Document, unless it is indemnified hereunder to its
satisfaction. If any indemnity in favor of an Agent shall be or become, in such
Agent's determination, inadequate, such Agent may call for additional
indemnification from the Lenders and cease to do the acts indemnified against
hereunder until such additional indemnity is given. Notwithstanding any
provision to the contrary contained elsewhere in any Loan Document, no Agent
shall have any duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth
herein, nor shall any such Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary
relationship with any Lender, and no implied covenants, functions,
responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into any Loan
Document or otherwise exist against either such Agent.

          (b) Each Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to the
Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith until such
time and except for so long as, with respect to any U.S. Issuer, the U.S.
Administrative Agent and, with respect to any Canadian Issuer, the Canadian
Administrative Agent, may agree at the request of the Required Lenders to act
for such Issuer with respect thereto; provided that each Issuer shall have all
of the benefits and immunities (i) provided to the Agents in this Section 11.1
with respect to any acts taken or omissions of such Issuer in connection with
Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and the
applications and agreements for letters of credit pertaining to the Letters of
Credit as fully as if the term "Agent", as used in this Section 11.1, included
each such Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (ii) as
additionally provided in this Agreement with respect to each such Issuer.

          (c) Each Swing Line Lender shall have all of the benefits and
immunities (i) provided to the Agents in this Section 11.1 with respect to any
acts taken or omissions suffered by such Swing Line Lender in connection with
Swing Line Loans made or proposed to be made by it as fully as if the term
"Agent", as used in this Section 11.1, included such Swing Line Lender with
respect to such acts or omissions and (ii) as additionally provided in this
Agreement with respect to such Swing Line Lender.

          (d) The Lenders authorize the Administrative Agents to hold, for and
on behalf of the Lenders, security in the assets and properties of Holdings and
each of its Subsidiaries securing the Obligations.

          (e) Without prejudice to the foregoing, each Canadian Lender, for
itself and on behalf of each of its Affiliates referred to in part (b) of the
definition of "Secured Parties," hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the
Canadian Administrative Agent (and any successor acting as the Canadian
Administrative Agent) to act as the person holding the power of attorney (in
such capacity, the "fonde de pouvoir") of each Canadian Lender and other such
Secured Party as contemplated under Article 2692 of the Civil Code of Quebec,
and to enter into, to take and to hold on their behalf, and for their benefit,
each hypothec granted by the Canadian Borrower or any Canadian Subsidiary
Guarantor under the Civil Code of Quebec (a "Hypothec"), and to exercise such
powers and duties which are conferred upon the fonde de pouvoir under each
Hypothec. Moreover, without prejudice to such appointment and authorization to
act as the person holding the power of attorney as aforesaid, each Canadian
Lender, for itself and on behalf

                                     -129-
<PAGE>
of each of its Affiliates referred to above, hereby irrevocably appoints and
authorizes the Canadian Administrative Agent (and any successor acting as the
Canadian Administrative Agent) (in such capacity, the "Custodian") to act as
agent and custodian for and on behalf of the Canadian Lenders and other such
Secured Parties to hold and to be the sole registered holder of any debenture or
bond which may be issued under any Hypothec, the whole notwithstanding Section
32 of the Act Respecting the Special Powers of Legal Persons (Quebec) or any
other applicable law. In this respect, (i) (as specified in Section 2.8) records
shall be kept indicating the names and addresses of, and the pro rata portion of
the obligations and indebtedness secured by any pledge of any such debenture or
bond and owing to each Canadian Lender, and (ii) each Canadian Lender and other
such Secured Party will be entitled to the benefits of any collateral covered by
any Hypothec and will participate in the proceeds of realization of any such
collateral, the whole in accordance with the terms hereof.

          Each of the fonde de pouvoir and the Custodian shall (a) exercise, in
accordance with the terms hereof, all rights and remedies given to the fonde de
pouvoir and the Custodian (as applicable) with respect to the collateral under
any Hypothec, any debenture or bond or pledge thereof relating to any Hypothec,
applicable laws or otherwise, (b) benefit from and be subject to all provisions
hereof with respect to the Administrative Agents mutatis mutandis including,
without limitation, all such provisions with respect to the liability or
responsibility to and indemnification by the Lenders, and (c) be entitled to
delegate from time to time any of its powers or duties under any Hypothec, any
debenture or bond or pledge thereof relating to any Hypothec, applicable laws or
otherwise and on such terms and conditions as it may determine from time to
time. Any person who becomes a Canadian Lender, for itself and on behalf of its
Affiliates referred to above, shall be deemed to have consented to and
confirmed:

               (A) the fonde de pouvoir as the person holding the power of
          attorney as aforesaid and to have ratified, as of the date it becomes
          a Canadian Lender or a Secured Party, all actions taken by the fonde
          de pouvoir as the person holding the power of attorney as aforesaid
          and to have ratified, as of the date it becomes a Canadian Lender or a
          Secured Party, all actions taken by the fonde de pouvoir in such
          capacity; and

               (ii) the Custodian as the agent and custodian as aforesaid and to
          have ratified, as the date it becomes a Canadian Lender or a Secured
          Party, all actions taken by the Custodian in such capacity.

          SECTION 11.2. Funding, Reliance, etc. Unless the applicable
Administrative Agent shall have been notified in writing by any Lender by 3:00
p.m. on the Business Day prior to a Borrowing that such Lender will not make
available the amount which would constitute its Percentage of such Borrowing on
the date specified therefor, such Administrative Agent may assume that such
Lender has made such amount available to such Administrative Agent and, in
reliance upon such assumption, make available to the applicable Borrower a
corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such Lender shall not have made
such amount available to such Administrative Agent, such Lender and the
applicable Borrower severally agree to repay such Administrative Agent forthwith
on demand such corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for each day
from the date such Administrative Agent made such amount available to such
Borrower to the date such amount is repaid to such Administrative Agent, at the
interest rate applicable at the time to Loans comprising such Borrowing (in the
case of such Borrower)

                                     -130-
<PAGE>
and (in the case of a Lender), at the Federal Funds Rate in the case of U.S.
Loans or, in the case of Canadian Revolving Loans or Canadian Swing Line Loans,
the Interbank Reference Rate, for the first two Business Days after which such
amount has not been repaid, and thereafter at the interest rate applicable to
Loans comprising such Borrowing.

          SECTION 11.3. Exculpation. No Agent nor any of its respective
directors, officers, employees or agents shall be liable to any Lender for any
action taken or omitted to be taken by it under any Loan Document, in connection
herewith or therewith, except for its own willful misconduct, bad faith or gross
negligence, nor responsible for any recitals, statements, representations or
warranties herein or therein or in any certificate, report, statement or other
document referred to or provided for herein or therein, nor for the
effectiveness, enforceability, validity or due execution of any Loan Document,
nor for the creation, perfection or priority of any Liens purported to be
created by any of the Loan Documents, or the validity, genuineness,
enforceability, existence, value or sufficiency of any collateral security, nor
to make any inquiry respecting the observance or performance by any Obligor of
its Obligations. Any such inquiry which may be made by any Agent shall not
obligate it to make any further inquiry or to take any action. Each such Agent
shall be entitled to rely upon advice of counsel concerning legal matters and
upon any notice, consent, certificate, statement or writing which such Agent
believes to be genuine and to have been presented by a proper Person.

          SECTION 11.4. Successor. The Syndication Agent may resign as such upon
10 Business Day's notice to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agents. It is
agreed that to the extent the Syndication Agent has resigned, all provisions of
any Loan Document requiring the consent of the Syndication Agent or the Agents
shall be deemed to require the consent of the Administrative Agents. Any
Administrative Agent may resign as such at any time upon at least 30 days' prior
notice to the Borrowers and all Lenders. If any Administrative Agent at any time
shall resign, the Required Lenders may appoint another Lender as a successor
Administrative Agent which shall thereupon replace the resigning Administrative
Agent hereunder. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so
appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment,
within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent's giving notice of
resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the
Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, shall be one of the Lenders
or a commercial banking institution organized under the laws of (in the case of
the U.S Facility) the U.S. (or any State thereof) or a U.S. branch or agency of
a commercial banking institution, and (in the case of the Canadian Facility)
listed on Schedule I, II or III of the Bank Act (Canada) and (in each case)
having a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000 to act as the
U.S. Administrative Agent or the Canadian Administrative Agent, as the case may
be, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor
Administrative Agent as provided above; provided that if, such retiring
Administrative Agent is unable to find a Lender or commercial banking
institution which is willing to accept such appointment and which meets the
qualifications set forth above, the retiring Administrative Agent's resignation
shall nevertheless thereupon become effective and the Lenders shall assume and
perform all of the duties of such Administrative Agent hereunder until such
time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor as provided for above.
The appointment of any successor Administrative Agent shall require the consent
of the Canadian Borrower in the case of the Canadian Administrative Agent and
the U.S. Borrower in the case of the U.S. Administrative Agent, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed and which consent shall not be
required if a Default has occurred and is then continuing.

                                     -131-
<PAGE>
Upon the acceptance of any appointment as an Administrative Agent hereunder by a
successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall be
entitled to receive from the retiring Administrative Agent such documents of
transfer and assignment as such successor Administrative Agent may reasonably
request, and shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all rights,
powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the
retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and
obligations under the Loan Documents. After any retiring Administrative Agent's
resignation hereunder as an Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article
shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it
while it was an Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents, and Sections 12.3
and 12.4 shall continue to inure to its benefit.

          SECTION 11.5. Credit Extensions by each Agent. Each of the Agents, and
each Issuer shall have the same rights and powers with respect to (x)(i) in the
case of an Agent, the Credit Extensions made by it or any of its Affiliates and
(ii) in the case of each Issuer, the Loans made by it or any of its Affiliates,
and (y) the Loans held by it or any of its Affiliates as any other Lender and
may exercise the same as if it were not an Agent or an Issuer. Each Agent, each
Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend
money to, and generally engage in any kind of business with either Borrower or
any Subsidiary or Affiliate of such Borrower as if such Agent or such Issuer
were not an Agent or an Issuer hereunder. The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant
to such activities, the Agents or their respective Affiliates may receive
information regarding a Borrower or its Affiliates (including information that
may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Borrower or such
Affiliate) and acknowledge that the Agents and their respective Affiliates shall
be under no obligation to provide such information to them.

          SECTION 11.6. Credit Decisions. Each Lender acknowledges that it has,
independently of each Agent and each other Lender, and based on such Lender's
review of the financial information of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries, the
Loan Documents (the terms and provisions of which being satisfactory to such
Lender) and such other documents, information and investigations as such Lender
has deemed appropriate, made its own credit decision to extend its Commitments.
Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently of each Agent and each
other Lender, and based on such other documents, information and investigations
as it shall deem appropriate at any time, continue to make its own credit
decisions as to exercising or not exercising from time to time any rights and
privileges available to it under the Loan Documents.

          SECTION 11.7. Copies, etc. Each Administrative Agent shall give prompt
notice to each Lender of each notice or request required or permitted to be
given to such Administrative Agents by a Borrower pursuant to the terms of the
Loan Documents (unless concurrently delivered to the Lenders by such Borrower).
The (i) U.S. Administrative Agent will distribute to each U.S. Lender and (ii)
Canadian Administrative Agent will distribute to each Canadian Revolving Loan
Lender each document or instrument received for its account and copies of all
other communications received by such Administrative Agent from a Borrower for
distribution to such Lenders by such Administrative Agent in accordance with the
terms of the Loan Documents.

          SECTION 11.8. Reliance by Agents. Each of the Agents shall be entitled
to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any certification, notice
or other communica-

                                     -132-
<PAGE>
tion (including any thereof by telephone, telecopy, telegram or cable) believed
by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by or on
behalf of the proper Person, and upon advice and statements of legal counsel,
independent accountants and other experts selected by such Agent. As to any
matters not expressly provided for by the Loan Documents, each of the Agents
shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting,
hereunder or thereunder in accordance with instructions given by the Required
Lenders or all of the Lenders as is required in such circumstance or as such
Agent deems appropriate, and such instructions of such Lenders and any action
taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding on all Secured
Parties; prior to acting, or refraining from acting, in any such circumstance,
either such Agent may request confirmation from the Lenders of their obligation
to indemnify such Agent against any and all liability and expense which may be
incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. For
purposes of applying amounts in accordance with this Section, each Agent shall
be entitled to rely upon any Secured Party that has entered into a Rate
Protection Agreement with any Obligor for a determination (which such Secured
Party agrees to provide or cause to be provided upon request of any
Administrative Agent) of the outstanding Obligations owed to such Secured Party
under any Rate Protection Agreement. Unless it has actual knowledge evidenced by
way of written notice from any such Secured Party and the U.S. Borrower to the
contrary, each of the Agents, in acting in such capacity under the Loan
Documents, shall be entitled to assume that no Rate Protection Agreements or
Obligations in respect thereof are in existence or outstanding between any
Secured Party and any Obligor.

          SECTION 11.9. Notice of Defaults. No Agent shall be deemed to have
knowledge or notice of the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default except
for Events of Default in the payment of principal, interest and fees required to
be paid to such Agent for the account of the Lenders or unless such Agent has
received a written notice from a Lender or either Borrower specifying such
Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a "Notice of
Default". In the event of any such Event of Default in payment or that any Agent
receives such a notice of the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default, such
Agent shall give prompt notice thereof to the Lenders. Each of the Agents shall
(subject to Section 12.1) take such action with respect to such Default or Event
of Default as shall be directed by the Required Lenders (or, if required, all
Lenders) and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; provided that
unless and until either such Agent shall have received such directions, such
Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from
taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall
deem advisable in the best interest of the Lenders except to the extent that
this Agreement expressly requires that such action be taken, or not be taken,
only with the consent or upon the authorization of the Required Lenders or all
Lenders, as applicable.

                                  ARTICLE XII
                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

          SECTION 12.1. Waivers, Amendments, etc. The provisions of each Loan
Document (other than Letters of Credit, the Fee Letter (which documents may be
amended or otherwise modified in accordance with the terms thereof)) may from
time to time be amended, modified or waived, if such amendment, modification or
waiver is in writing and consented to by the Borrowers and the Required Lenders
or as otherwise provided under Section 1.4; provided that no such amendment,
modification or waiver shall:

                                     -133-
<PAGE>
          (a) modify or waive the provisions of Section 4.8 requiring pro rata
     treatment of the Lenders or modify this Section 12.1 without the consent of
     all Lenders (except such amendments as may be required for the purpose (but
     solely for the purpose) of effecting an increase of a Commitment Amount or
     the inclusion of a new commitment pursuant to clause (g) below);

          (b) increase the aggregate amount of any Credit Extensions required to
     be made by a Lender pursuant to a Commitment (it being understood that
     waivers or modifications (x) of conditions precedent, covenants, Defaults
     or Events of Default or (y) of a mandatory reduction in the Commitment
     Amount relating to such Commitment shall not constitute an increase of the
     aggregate amount of Credit Extensions that may be required to be made by
     such Lender pursuant to such Commitment), extend any final Commitment
     Termination Date or reduce any fees described in Article III payable to any
     Lender (it being understood that any amendment or modification to the
     financial definitions in this Agreement or to Section 1.4 shall not
     constitute a reduction in the fees payable under Article III), in each case
     without the consent of such Lender;

          (c) extend the final Stated Maturity Date for any Lender's Loan, or,
     except for the waiver of any applicable post default increase in interest
     rates or fees, reduce the principal amount of, rate of interest or fees on
     any Loan or Reimbursement Obligations (which shall in each case include the
     conversion of all or any part of the Obligations into equity of any Obligor
     (it being understood that any amendment or modification to the financial
     definitions in this Agreement or to Section 1.4 shall not constitute a
     reduction in the rate of interest or fees for the purposes of this clause
     (c) so long as the principal purpose of such amendment or modification was
     not to reduce the rate of interest or fees)), or extend the date on which
     interest or fees are payable in respect of such Loan or Reimbursement
     Obligation, in each case, without the consent of the Lender which has made
     such Loan or, in the case of a Reimbursement Obligation, the respective
     Issuer owed, and those Lenders participating in, such Reimbursement
     Obligation (it being understood and agreed, however, that any vote to
     rescind any acceleration made pursuant to Section 8.2 and Section 8.3 of
     amounts owing with respect to the Loans and other Obligations shall only
     require the vote of the Required Lenders);

          (d) reduce the percentage set forth in the definition of "Required
     Lenders" (it being understood that, with the consent of the Required
     Lenders, additional extensions of credit pursuant to this Agreement may be
     included in the determination of the Required Lenders on substantially the
     same basis as the extensions of Term Loans and Revolving Loan Commitments
     are included on the Amendment Effective Date) or modify any requirement
     hereunder that any particular action be taken by all Lenders without the
     consent of all Lenders;

          (e) except as otherwise expressly provided in a Loan Document, (i)
     permit the assignment by either Borrower of its Obligations under the Loan
     Documents, (ii) release Holdings from its Obligations under the Holdings
     Guaranty, the U.S. Borrower from its obligations under the U.S. Borrower
     Guaranty or any Subsidiary Guarantor from its Obligations under the
     Subsidiary Guaranty (other than in connection with a Disposition of all or
     substantially all of the Capital Stock of such Subsidiary Guarantor in a
     transaction permitted by Section 7.2.11) or (iii) release all or
     substantially all of the collateral under

                                     -134-
<PAGE>
     the Loan Documents, in each case without the consent of all Lenders;
     provided that the Required Lenders may at any time consent to the release
     of any Subsidiary Guarantor that (A) accounted for no more than 15% of
     consolidated revenues of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the four
     consecutive Fiscal Quarters of Holdings ending on September 30, 2004 or if
     more recent financial information is (or is required to be) available, the
     last day of the most recently completed Fiscal Quarter with respect to
     which, pursuant to Section 7.1.1, financial statements have been, or are
     required to have been, delivered by Holdings to the Administrative Agents
     and (B) has assets which represent no more than 15% of the consolidated
     assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2004, or if
     more recent financial information is (or is required to be) available, the
     last day of the last Fiscal Quarter of the most recently completed Fiscal
     Quarter with respect to which, pursuant to Section 7.1.1, financial
     statements have been, or are required to have been, delivered by Holdings
     to the Administrative Agents;

          (f) amend, modify or waive clause (b) of Section 3.1.1 in a manner
     adverse to the holders of Revolving Loan Commitments unless such amendment,
     modification or waiver shall have been consented to by the holders of at
     least a majority of the Revolving Loan Commitments;

          (g) amend, modify or waive the provisions of clause (a)(i), (c), (d),
     (e), (f), (g), (h) or (i) of Section 3.1.1 or clause (b) of Section 3.1.2,
     unless such amendment, modification or waiver shall have been consented to
     by the holders of at least a majority of the aggregate amount of Loans
     outstanding under the Tranche or Tranches adversely affected by such
     modification (it being agreed that, in the event consented to by the
     Required Lenders, any increase in a Commitment Amount or the inclusion of
     another commitment to extend credit under this Agreement shall not be
     deemed for purposes of this clause (g) to constitute a modification that
     would adversely affect a Tranche);

          (h) change any of the terms of Section 2.3.2 without the consent of
     the Swing Line Lender affected thereby; or

          (i) affect adversely the interests, rights or obligations of any Agent
     (in its capacity as an Agent) or the Issuer, unless consented to by such
     Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be.

          No failure or delay on the part of any Agent, the Issuer or any Lender
in exercising any power or right under any Loan Document shall operate as a
waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power or
right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any
other power or right. No notice to or demand on any Obligor in any case shall
entitle it to any notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. No waiver
or approval by any Agent, the Issuer or any Lender under any Loan Document
shall, except as may be otherwise stated in such waiver or approval, be
applicable to subsequent transactions. No waiver or approval hereunder shall
require any similar or dissimilar waiver or approval thereafter to be granted
hereunder.

          For purposes of this Section 12.1, the Administrative Agents, in
coordination with the Syndication Agent, shall have primary responsibility,
together with the Borrowers, in the negotiation, preparation and documentation
relating to any amendment, modification or waiver un-

                                     -135-
<PAGE>
der this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement or document
related hereto or thereto contemplated pursuant to this Section.

          SECTION 12.2. Notices; Time. All notices and other communications
provided under each Loan Document shall be in writing (including by facsimile)
and addressed, delivered or transmitted, if to any Agent, Superholdco, Holdings
or a Borrower, at its address or facsimile number set forth on Schedule III
hereto, and if to a Lender or an Issuer to the applicable Person at its address
or facsimile number set forth on Schedule III hereto or set forth in the Lender
Assignment Agreement pursuant to which it became a Lender hereunder, or at such
other address or facsimile number as may be designated by any such party in a
notice to the other parties. Any notice, if mailed and properly addressed with
postage prepaid or if properly addressed and sent by pre-paid courier service,
shall be deemed given when received; any notice, if transmitted by facsimile,
shall be deemed given when the confirmation of transmission thereof is received
by the transmitter. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to the time of a
day in a Loan Document shall refer to New York City time.

          SECTION 12.3. Payment of Costs and Expenses. Each Borrower agrees to
pay on demand all reasonable expenses of each Agent (including the reasonable
fees and out-of-pocket expenses of Cahill Gordon & Reindel LLP, counsel to the
Agents, and of local counsel, if any, who may be retained by or on behalf of the
Agents) in connection with:

          (a) the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery and ongoing
     administration of each Loan Document, including schedules and exhibits, the
     syndication of the Loans and any amendments, waivers, consents, supplements
     or other modifications to any Loan Document as may from time to time
     hereafter be required, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby
     or thereby are consummated;

          (b) the filing or recording of any Loan Document (including the Filing
     Statements) and all amendments, supplements, amendments and restatements
     and other modifications to any thereof, searches made following the
     Original Closing Date in jurisdictions where Filing Statements (or other
     documents evidencing Liens in favor of the Secured Parties) have been
     recorded and any and all other documents or instruments of further
     assurance required to be filed or recorded by the terms of any Loan
     Document; and

          (c) the preparation and review of the form of any document or
     instrument relevant to any Loan Document.

          Each Borrower further agrees to pay, and to save each Secured Party
harmless from all liability for, any stamp or other taxes which may be payable
in connection with the execution or delivery of each Loan Document, the Credit
Extensions or the issuance of the Loans. Each Borrower also agrees to reimburse
each Secured Party upon demand for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
(including reasonable attorneys' fees and legal expenses of counsel to each
Secured Party) incurred by such Secured Party in connection with the enforcement
of any Obligations.

          SECTION 12.4. Indemnification. In consideration of the entering into
of this Agreement by each Secured Party, each Borrower hereby indemnifies,
exonerates and holds each Secured Party and each of their respective officers,
directors, employees, affiliates, agents, trus-

                                     -136-
<PAGE>
tees and investment advisors (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") free and
harmless from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, losses,
costs, liabilities and damages, and expenses incurred in connection therewith
(irrespective of whether any such Indemnified Party is a party to the action for
which indemnification hereunder is sought), including reasonable attorneys' fees
and disbursements, whether incurred in connection with actions between or among
the parties hereto or the parties hereto and third parties (collectively, the
"Indemnified Liabilities"), incurred by the Indemnified Parties or any of them
as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to

          (a) any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part,
     directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of any Credit Extension,
     including all Indemnified Liabilities arising in connection with the
     Transactions;

          (b) the entering into and performance of any Loan Document by any of
     the Indemnified Parties (including any action brought by or on behalf of a
     Borrower as the result of any determination by the Required Lenders
     pursuant to Article V not to fund any Credit Extension, provided that any
     such action is resolved pursuant to a final judgment in a court of
     competent jurisdiction in favor of such Indemnified Party);

          (c) any investigation, litigation or proceeding related to any
     acquisition or proposed acquisition by any Obligor or any Subsidiary
     thereof of all or any portion of the Capital Stock or assets of any Person,
     whether or not an Indemnified Party is party thereto;

          (d) any investigation, litigation or proceeding under any
     Environmental Laws arising from the Release or threatened Release by any
     Obligor or any Subsidiary thereof of any Hazardous Material;

          (e) any investigation, claim, litigation, or proceeding related to
     personal injury arising from exposure or alleged exposure to Hazardous
     Materials handled by a any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries;

          (f) the presence on or under, or the escape, seepage, leakage,
     spillage, discharge, emission, discharging or Releases from, any real
     property owned or operated by any Obligor or any Subsidiary thereof of any
     Hazardous Material (including any losses, liabilities, damages, injuries,
     costs, expenses or claims asserted or arising under any Environmental Law),
     regardless of whether caused by, or within the control of, such Obligor or
     Subsidiary; or

          (g) each Lender's Environmental Liability (the indemnification herein
     shall survive repayment of the Obligations and any transfer of the property
     of any Obligor or its Subsidiaries by foreclosure or by a deed in lieu of
     foreclosure for any Lender's Environmental Liability, regardless of whether
     caused by, or within the control of, such Obligor or such Subsidiary);

except for Indemnified Liabilities arising for the account of a particular
Indemnified Party by reason of such Indemnified Party's gross negligence or
willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final
proceeding. Each Obligor and its successors and assigns hereby waive, release
and agree not to make any claim or bring any cost recovery action

                                     -137-
<PAGE>
against any Indemnified Party under CERCLA or any state equivalent, or any
similar law now existing or hereafter enacted, with respect to any liabilities
subject to indemnification under this Section 12.4. It is expressly understood
and agreed that to the extent that any Indemnified Party is strictly liable
under any Environmental Laws, each Obligor's obligation to such Indemnified
Party under this indemnity shall likewise be without regard to fault on the part
of any Obligor with respect to the violation or condition which results in
liability of an Indemnified Party. If and to the extent that the foregoing
undertaking may be unenforceable for any reason, each Obligor agrees to make the
maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified
Liabilities which is permissible under applicable law.

          SECTION 12.5. Survival. The obligations of the Borrowers under
Sections 4.3, 4.4, 4.5, 4.6, 12.3 and 12.4 and the obligations of the Lenders
under Section 11.1, shall in each case survive any assignment from one Lender to
another (in the case of Sections 12.3 and 12.4) and the occurrence of the
Termination Date. The representations and warranties made by each Obligor in
each Loan Document shall survive the execution and delivery of such Loan
Document.

          SECTION 12.6. Severability. Any provision of any Loan Document which
is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such provision
and such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or
unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions of such Loan
Document or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any
other jurisdiction.

          SECTION 12.7. Headings. The various headings of each Loan Document are
inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation
of such Loan Document or any provisions thereof.

          SECTION 12.8. Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be
executed by the parties hereto in several counterparts, each of which shall be
an original and all of which shall constitute together but one and the same
agreement.

          SECTION 12.9. Governing Law; Entire Agreement. EACH LOAN DOCUMENT
(OTHER THAN THE LETTERS OF CREDIT, TO THE EXTENT SPECIFIED BELOW AND EXCEPT AS
OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN A LOAN DOCUMENT) WILL BE DEEMED TO BE A
CONTRACT MADE UNDER AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING
FOR SUCH PURPOSE SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF
THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND RULE 327(B) OF THE NEW YORK CIVIL PRACTICE LAW AND
RULES). EACH LETTER OF CREDIT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH, THE LAWS OR RULES DESIGNATED IN SUCH LETTER OF CREDIT, OR IF NO LAWS OR
RULES ARE DESIGNATED, THE INTERNATIONAL STANDBY PRACTICES (ISP98--INTERNATIONAL
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE PUBLICATION NUMBER 590 (THE "ISP RULES")) AND, AS TO MATTERS
NOT GOVERNED BY THE ISP RULES, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. The Loan
Documents constitute the entire understanding among the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter thereof and supersede any prior agreements,
written or oral, with respect thereto.

                                     -138-
<PAGE>
          SECTION 12.10. Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto
and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that none
of Superholdco, Holdings or any Borrower may assign or otherwise transfer any of
its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each
Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by Superholdco, Holdings or any
Borrower without such consent shall be null and void). Nothing in this
Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person
(other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns
permitted hereby and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the
Indemnified Parties) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by
reason of this Agreement.

          SECTION 12.11. Sale and Transfer of Credit Extensions; Participations
in Credit Extensions Notes. Each Lender may assign, or sell participations in,
its Loans, Letters of Credit and Commitments to one or more other Persons in
accordance with the terms set forth below:

          (a) Any Lender may assign ("Assignor Lender") to one or more Eligible
     Assignees ("Assignee Lender") all or a portion of its rights and
     obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its
     Commitments and the Loans at the time owing to it); provided that (i)
     except in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the
     Assignor Lender's Commitments and the Loans at the time owing to it or in
     the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an
     Approved Fund with respect to a Lender, the aggregate amount of the
     Commitments (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder)
     or principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the Assignor Lender
     subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Lender
     Assignment Agreement with respect to such assignment is delivered to the
     applicable Administrative Agent(s)) shall not be less than $1,000,000 (or,
     in the case of Canadian Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars,
     Cdn$1,000,000), unless each of the applicable Administrative Agent(s) and,
     at any time after the Primary Syndication and so long as no Event of
     Default has occurred and is continuing, the applicable Borrower, otherwise
     consent (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed),
     (ii) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a
     proportionate part of all the Assignor Lender's rights and obligations
     under this Agreement with respect to the Loans and/or the Commitments
     assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not prohibit any Lender from
     assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations among separate
     Tranches on a non-pro rata basis, other than an assignment of any rights
     and obligations with respect to Term Loans, which may only be assigned on a
     pro rata basis and (iii) the parties to each assignment shall execute and
     deliver to the applicable Administrative Agent(s) a Lender Assignment
     Agreement (including, if the Assignee Lender is not a Lender, the delivery
     of administrative details information to the applicable Administrative
     Agent(s)), together with (except in the case of an assignment by an
     Assignor Lender to its Affiliates or Approved Fund) a processing and
     recordation fee of $3,500 to the U.S. Administrative Agent or Cdn$4,500 to
     the Canadian Administrative Agent, as applicable, to be paid by the
     Assignor Lender or the Assignee Lender. Subject to acceptance and recording
     thereof by the applicable Administrative Agent(s) pursuant to clause (b)
     below and the last sentence of clause (b) of Section 2.7 or 2.8, as
     applicable, from and after the effective date specified in each Lender
     Assignment Agreement, the Assignee Lender

                                     -139-
<PAGE>
     thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest
     assigned by such Lender Assignment Agreement, have the rights and
     obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the Assignor Lender
     thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Lender
     Assignment Agreement, be released from its obligations under this Agreement
     (and, in the case of a Lender Assignment Agreement covering all of the
     Assignor Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender
     shall cease to be a party hereto, but shall continue to be entitled to the
     benefits of any provisions of this Agreement which by their terms survive
     the termination of this Agreement). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender
     of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with
     this clause shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by
     such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance
     with clause (c) below. If the consent of a Borrower to an assignment or to
     an Eligible Assignee is required hereunder (including a consent to an
     assignment which does not meet the minimum assignment thresholds specified
     in this Section), such Borrower shall be deemed to have given its consent
     five Business Days after the date written notice thereof has been received
     by such Borrower from the applicable Administrative Agent unless such
     consent is expressly refused by the Borrowers prior to such fifth Business
     Day.

          The U.S. Administrative Agent shall record each assignment made in
     accordance with this Section in the U.S. Register pursuant to clause (b) of
     Section 2.7. The U.S. Register shall be available for inspection by the
     Borrowers at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable
     prior notice. The Canadian Administrative Agent shall record each
     assignment made in accordance with this Section in the Canadian Register
     pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2.8. Each Canadian Register shall be
     available for inspection by the Borrowers at any reasonable time and from
     time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Notwithstanding anything
     contained herein to the contrary, in the case of any assignment by a Lender
     to its Affiliate or Approved Fund, such assignment shall be effective
     immediately between such Lender and its Affiliate or Approved Fund without
     necessity of prior compliance with clause (a)(iii) of this Section 12.11 or
     acceptance or recordation by the applicable Administrative Agent; provided,
     however, that, for all other purposes of this Agreement and each other Loan
     Document, including in respect of all lending or other credit extension
     commitments, payments, sharing arrangements, notice provisions or
     otherwise, such assignment shall not be effective as between (x) the
     applicable Lender making such assignment or its assignee, on the one hand,
     and (y) the applicable Borrower, the applicable Administrative Agent, any
     applicable Issuer or any other Lender, on the other hand, until such
     compliance, acceptance and recording required pursuant to such clause
     (a)(iii) have occurred, including the payment of any applicable fees
     required thereby.

          (b) Any Lender may, without the consent of, or notice to, the
     Borrowers or the Agents, sell participations to one or more banks or other
     entities (a "Participant") in all or a portion of such Lender's rights
     and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its
     Commitments and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (x) such Lender's
     obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (y) such Lender
     shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the
     performance of such obligations and (z) the Borrowers, the Agents and the
     other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender
     in connection with such Lender's rights and obliga-

                                     -140-
<PAGE>
     tions under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a
     Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall
     retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any
     amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement;
     provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender
     will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment,
     modification or waiver with respect to the following: (i) modification of
     Section 12.1 (except as otherwise expressly permitted thereby), (ii) any
     reduction in the interest rate or amount of fees that such Participant is
     otherwise entitled to receive (it being understood that any amendment or
     modification to the financial definitions in this Agreement or to Section
     1.4 shall not constitute a reduction in the interest rate or the fees
     payable to such Participant), (iii) a decrease in the principal amount of,
     or an extension of the final Stated Maturity Date of, any Loan in which
     such Participant has purchased a participating interest, (iv) an extension
     of the date on which interest or fees are payable in respect of any Loan,
     (v) a reduction in the percentage set forth in the definition of "Required
     Lenders" (it being understood that, with the consent of the Required
     Lenders, additional extensions of credit pursuant to this Agreement may be
     included in the determination of the Required Lenders on substantially the
     same basis as the extensions of Term Loans and Revolving Loan Commitments
     are included on the Amendment Effective Date), or (vi) a release of all or
     substantially all of the collateral security under the Loan Documents or
     all or substantially all of the Guarantors from their obligations under the
     Guaranties, in each case except as otherwise specifically provided in the
     proviso to clause (e) of Section 12.1 or in any Loan Document. Subject to
     clause (c) below and the preceding provisions of this paragraph (b), the
     Borrowers agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of
     Sections 4.3, 4.4, 4.5, 4.6, 7.1.1, 12.3 and 12.4 (subject to the
     requirements of those Sections) to the same extent as if it were a Lender
     and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to clause (a). To the
     extent permitted by law and subject to the preceding provisions of this
     paragraph (b), each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of
     Section 4.9 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to
     be subject to Section 4.8 as though it were a Lender.

          (c) Each Participant shall only be indemnified for increased costs and
     taxes pursuant to Section 4.3, 4.5 or 4.6 if and to the extent that the
     Lender which sold such participating interest to such Participant
     concurrently is entitled to make, and does make, a claim on the applicable
     Borrower for such increased costs. Any Lender that sells a participating
     interest in any Loan, Commitment or other interest to a Participant under
     this Section shall indemnify and hold harmless the applicable Borrower and
     the applicable Administrative Agent(s) from and against any taxes,
     penalties, interest or other costs or losses (including reasonable
     attorneys' fees and expenses) incurred or payable by such Borrower or such
     Administrative Agent(s) as a result of the failure of such Borrower or such
     Administrative Agent(s) to comply with its obligations to deduct or
     withhold any Taxes from any payments made pursuant to this Agreement to
     such Lender or such Administrative Agent(s), as the case may be, to the
     extent such incremental taxes, penalties, etc. result from such Lender's
     failure to timely notify such Borrower of such participation.

          (d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in
     all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations
     of such Lender, in-

                                     -141-
<PAGE>
     cluding without limitation (i) any pledge or assignment to secure
     obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank and (ii) any pledge or assignment to
     any holders of obligations owed, or securities issued, by such Lender as
     collateral security for such obligations or securities, or to any trustee
     for, or any other representative of, such holders and in connection with
     any securitization of any portfolio loans of such Lender, in each case
     without the prior written consent of any other Person; provided that no
     such pledge or assignment shall release a Lender from any of its
     obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such
     Lender as a party hereto.

          (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any
     Lender (a "Granting Bank") may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle
     (a "SPC"), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting
     Bank to the Administrative Agents and the U.S. Borrower, the option to
     provide to a Borrower all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Bank
     would otherwise be obligated to make to such Borrower pursuant to this
     Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment
     by any SPC to make any Loan, (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such
     option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the
     Granting Bank shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms
     hereof and (iii) such SPC shall be granted no voting rights other than
     those permitted to be granted to a Participant pursuant to clause (c) of
     this Section 12.11. The making of a Loan by a SPC hereunder shall utilize
     the Commitment of the Granting Bank to the same extent, and as if, such
     Loan were made by such Granting Bank. Each party hereto hereby agrees that
     no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation
     under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the
     Granting Bank). In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby
     agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement)
     that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in
     full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of
     any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other person in
     instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement,
     insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the laws of the United States
     or any State thereof. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
     contained in this Section, any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without the
     prior written consent of, the Borrowers and the Administrative Agents and
     without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its
     interests in any Loans to the Granting Bank or to any financial
     institutions (consented to by the U.S. Borrower and Administrative Agent)
     providing liquidity and/or credit support to or for the account of such SPC
     to support the funding or maintenance of Loans and (ii) disclose on a
     confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Loans to any
     rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guarantee
     or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC.

          SECTION 12.12. Other Transactions. Nothing contained herein shall
preclude any Administrative Agent, any Issuer or any other Lender from engaging
in any transaction, in addition to those contemplated by the Loan Documents,
with either Borrower or any of its Affiliates in which such Borrower or such
Affiliate is not restricted hereby from engaging with any other Person.

          SECTION 12.13. Independence of Covenants. All covenants contained in
this Agreement and each other Loan Document shall be given independent effect
such that, in the

                                     -142-
<PAGE>
event a particular action or condition is not permitted by any of such
covenants, the fact that it would be permitted by an exception to, or be
otherwise within the limitations of, another covenant shall not, unless
expressly so provided in such first covenant, avoid the occurrence of a Default
or an Event of Default if such action is taken or such condition exists.

          SECTION 12.14. Judgment Currency.

          (a) If, for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court, it is
necessary to convert a sum due hereunder, under any Note or under any other Loan
Document in another currency into U.S. Dollars or into Canadian Dollars, as the
case may be, the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent that they may
effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which, in
accordance with normal banking procedures, the applicable Secured Party could
purchase such other currency with U.S. Dollars or with Canadian Dollars, as the
case may be, in New York City, at the close of business on the Business Day
immediately preceding the day on which final judgment is given, together with
any premiums and costs of exchange payable in connection with such purchase.

          (b) The obligation of each of the Borrowers in respect of any sum due
from it to any Agent, any Lender or any other Secured Party hereunder, under any
Note or under any other Loan Document shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a
currency other than U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars, as the case may be, be
discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day next succeeding receipt
by such Agent, such Lender or such other Secured Party of any sum adjudged to be
so due in such other currency, such Agent, such Lender or such other Secured
Party may, in accordance with normal banking procedures, purchase U.S. Dollars
or Canadian Dollars, as the case may be, with such other currency. If the U.S.
Dollars or Canadian Dollars so purchased are less than the sum originally due to
such Agent, such Lender or such other Secured Party in U.S. Dollars or in
Canadian Dollars, each of the Borrowers agrees, as a separate obligation and
notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Agent, such Lender or such
other Secured Party against such loss. If the U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars
so purchased exceed the sum originally due to such Agent, such Lender or such
other Secured Party in U.S. Dollars or in Canadian Dollars, such Agent, such
Lender or such other Secured Party shall remit such excess to the applicable
Borrower.

          SECTION 12.15. Forum Selection and Consent to Jurisdiction. ANY
LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, ANY
LOAN DOCUMENT, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER
ORAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF THE AGENTS, THE LENDERS, THE ISSUERS,
SUPERHOLDCO, HOLDINGS OR EITHER BORROWER IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THEREWITH MAY
BE BROUGHT AND MAINTAINED IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN THE CITY OF
NEW YORK OR IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
YORK; PROVIDED THAT ANY SUIT SEEKING ENFORCEMENT AGAINST ANY COLLATERAL OR OTHER
PROPERTY MAY BE BROUGHT, AT THE AGENTS' OPTION, IN THE COURTS OF ANY
JURISDICTION WHERE SUCH COLLATERAL OR OTHER PROPERTY MAY BE FOUND. EACH OF
SUPERHOLDCO, HOLDINGS AND EACH BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY APPOINTS CT
CORPORATION SYSTEM (THE "PROCESS AGENT"), WITH AN OFFICE ON THE DATE HEREOF AT
111 EIGHTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10016, UNITED STATES, AS ITS AGENT TO

                                     -143-
<PAGE>
RECEIVE, ON ITS BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ITS PROPERTY, SERVICE OF COPIES OF THE
SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT AND ANY OTHER PROCESS WHICH MAY BE SERVED IN ANY SUCH
ACTION OR PROCEEDING. SUCH SERVICE MAY BE MADE BY MAILING OR DELIVERING A COPY
OF SUCH PROCESS TO SUCH OBLIGOR IN CARE OF THE PROCESS AGENT AT THE PROCESS
AGENT'S ABOVE ADDRESS, AND SUCH OBLIGOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AUTHORIZES AND
DIRECTS THE PROCESS AGENT TO ACCEPT SUCH SERVICE ON ITS BEHALF. AS AN
ALTERNATIVE METHOD OF SERVICE, EACH OF SUPERHOLDCO, HOLDINGS AND EACH BORROWER
FURTHER IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS BY REGISTERED MAIL,
POSTAGE PREPAID, OR BY PERSONAL SERVICE WITHIN OR WITHOUT THE STATE OF NEW YORK
AT THE ADDRESS FOR NOTICES SPECIFIED IN SECTION 11.2. EACH OF SUPERHOLDCO,
HOLDINGS AND EACH BORROWER HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY HAVE OR HEREAFTER
MAY HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT
REFERRED TO ABOVE AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN
INCONVENIENT FORUM. TO THE EXTENT THAT SUPERHOLDCO, HOLDINGS OR EITHER BORROWER,
AS THE CASE MAY BE, HAS OR HEREAFTER MAY ACQUIRE ANY IMMUNITY FROM JURISDICTION
OF ANY COURT OR FROM ANY LEGAL PROCESS (WHETHER THROUGH SERVICE OR NOTICE,
ATTACHMENT PRIOR TO JUDGMENT, ATTACHMENT IN AID OF EXECUTION OR OTHERWISE) WITH
RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ITS PROPERTY, EACH OF SUPERHOLDCO, HOLDINGS AND EACH
BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW SUCH
IMMUNITY IN RESPECT OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS.

          SECTION 12.16. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH AGENT, EACH LENDER, EACH
ISSUER, SUPERHOLDCO, HOLDINGS AND EACH BORROWER HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY
AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY RIGHTS THEY
MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR
ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH, EACH LOAN DOCUMENT, OR ANY COURSE
OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS
OF SUCH AGENT, SUCH LENDER, SUCH ISSUER, SUPERHOLDCO AND HOLDINGS OR EITHER
BORROWER IN CONNECTION THEREWITH. EACH OF SUPERHOLDCO AND HOLDINGS AND EACH
BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT IT HAS RECEIVED FULL AND SUFFICIENT
CONSIDERATION FOR THIS PROVISION (AND EACH OTHER PROVISION OF EACH OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENT TO WHICH IT IS A PARTY) AND THAT THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL
INDUCEMENT FOR EACH AGENT, EACH LENDER AND EACH ISSUER ENTERING INTO THE LOAN
DOCUMENTS.

                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
<PAGE>
                                        ASSOCIATED MATERIALS INCORPORATED,
                                        as U.S. Borrower

                                        By:
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Name:
                                             Title:


                                        GENTEK BUILDING PRODUCTS LIMITED,
                                        as Canadian Borrower

                                        By:
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Name:
                                             Title:


                                        AMH HOLDINGS INC.,
                                        as a Guarantor

                                        By:
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Name:
                                             Title:


                                        ASSOCIATED MATERIALS HOLDINGS INC.,
                                        as a Guarantor

                                        By:
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Name:
                                             Title:

                                     -145-
<PAGE>
UBS AG, STAMFORD BRANCH,
as the U.S. Administrative Agent

By:
     -----------------------------------
     Name:
     Title:

By:
     -----------------------------------
     Name:
     Title:


CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS, INC., as the
Syndication Agent

By:
     -----------------------------------
     Name:
     Title:


GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION,
  as the Co-Documentation Agent

By:
     -----------------------------------
     Name:
     Title:


NATIONAL CITY BANK,
  as Co-Documentation Agent


By:
     -----------------------------------
     Name:
     Title:


as a Lender

By:
     -----------------------------------
     Name:
     Title:

                                     -146-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>exh10-4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT AGRMT
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.4

                               AMENDMENT AGREEMENT


          THIS AMENDMENT AGREEMENT, dated as of December 22, 2004 (as amended,
supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, this
"Amendment"), is made by and among ASSOCIATED MATERIALS INCORPORATED, a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of Delaware ("AMI" or the
"U.S. Borrower"), GENTEK BUILDING PRODUCTS LIMITED, a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of Ontario, Canada ("Gentek" or the "Canadian Borrower"
and, together with the U.S. Borrower, each a "Borrower" and collectively the
"Borrowers"), ASSOCIATED MATERIALS HOLDINGS INC., a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of Delaware ("Holdings"), AMH HOLDINGS, INC., a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of Delaware ("Superholdco"),
the various financial institutions and other Persons with a Commitment under the
Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as defined below) (the "Lenders"),
UBS AG, STAMFORD BRANCH, as administrative agent for the U.S. facility (in such
capacity, the "U.S. Administrative Agent"), Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce,
as administrative agent for the Canadian Revolving Loan Lenders under the
Canadian facility (in such capacity, the "Canadian Administrative Agent" and,
together with the U.S. Administrative Agent, the "Administrative Agents"),
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., as syndication agent (in such capacity, the
"Syndication Agent"), GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION and NATIONAL CITY
BANK, as co-documentation agents (in such capacity, the "Co-Documentation
Agents"), and UBS SECURITIES LLC and CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., as Joint
Lead Arrangers (in such capacity, the "Joint Lead Arrangers").

                              W I T N E S S E T H :
                              - - - - - - - - - -

          WHEREAS, Superholdco and certain other parties named therein entered
into that certain stock purchase agreement, dated as of December 5, 2004, as
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with
the provisions hereof and thereof (the "Stock Purchase Agreement") pursuant to
which certain affiliated entities of Investcorp S.A. ("Investcorp") and other
international investors will acquire, in the aggregate, a 50% voting and
economic interest in Superholdco (the "Equity Investment"), which in turn shall
be contributed to the equity of AMH Holdings II, Inc. ("Parentholdco") for 50%
of the voting and economic interest of Parentholdco (the "Recapitalization");

          WHEREAS, AMI, Holdings, certain Lenders party thereto (the "Original
Lenders"), UBS Securities LLC and Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, as
joint lead arrangers, Credit Suisse First Boston, Cayman Islands Branch, as
syndication agent, CIBC World Markets Corp., as documentation agent and UBS AG,
Stamford Branch, as administrative agent for the Original Lenders, entered into
that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 29, 2003
and amended on March 19, 2004 (as further amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the "Original Credit
Agreement"), pursuant to which the Original Lenders made certain loans to the
Borrowers (the "Original Loans");

          WHEREAS, the Obligations (as defined in the Original Credit Agreement,
hereinafter the "Original Obligations") of AMI and the other Obligors under the
Original Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents (as defined in the
Original Credit Agreement, such
<PAGE>

other Loan Documents hereinafter the "Original Collateral Documents") are
secured by certain collateral (hereinafter the "Original Collateral") and are
guaranteed or supported or otherwise benefited by the Original Collateral
Documents;

          WHEREAS, immediately prior to the Amendment Effective Date, Term Loans
(as defined in the Original Credit Agreement) in the aggregate principal amount
of $133,000,000 were outstanding under the Original Credit Agreement (the
"Original Term Loans");

          WHEREAS, the parties hereto wish to amend and restate the Original
Credit Agreement in its entirety to allow for transactions (collectively, the
"Transactions") which (a) provide for new senior secured term loans to the
Borrowers in an aggregate principal amount of $175,000,000 (a portion of which
shall be applied to the repayment of the Original Term Loans), (b) permit the
Equity Investment, (c) reduce by 0.50% the Applicable Margin with respect to
each Term Loan, (d) permit Holdings, Borrowers and subsidiaries to make certain
Restricted Payments to (1) so long as no Default then exists or would arise
therefrom, make regularly scheduled interest payments required to be made on the
Parentholdco Notes (as defined below) and (2) make payments of such other
amounts required to be paid after the fifth anniversary of the issuance of the
Parentholdco Notes to avoid any "applicable high yield discount obligations", in
each case to the extent such payments are permitted by the Senior Subordinated
Note Indenture and the Superholdco Senior Discount Note Indenture, (e) extend
the U.S. Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date and the Canadian Revolving
Loan Commitment Termination Date to April 19, 2009, (f) permit the following
additional Restricted Payments: (x) a special bonus payment of $22.0 million
(the "Special Bonus") to the U.S. Borrower's management consisting of
approximately $14.0 million at the Amendment Effective Date and $8.0 million
thereafter and (y) Parentholdco dividend on its Common Stock of up to
$94,406,123 (the "Transactions Dividend") of which an aggregate amount of
$33,712,500 shall be payable in the form of one or more interest bearing
promissory notes of Parentholdco, and (g) privately place the Parentholdco Notes
without requiring a repayment of the Loans (as defined below), in each case, on
and subject to the terms and conditions of this Amendment and the Second Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement;

          WHEREAS, the parties hereto intend that (a) the Original Obligations
which remain unpaid and outstanding as of the Amendment Effective Date shall
continue to exist under this Amendment on the terms set forth herein, (b) the
loans under the Original Credit Agreement (other than the Original Term Loans
repaid on the Amendment Effective Date) outstanding as of the date hereof shall
be Loans under and as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement on the terms set forth therein, (c) any letters of credit outstanding
under the Original Credit Agreement as of the date hereof shall be U.S. Letters
of Credit under and as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement and (d) the Original Collateral and the Original Collateral Documents
shall continue to secure, guarantee, support and otherwise benefit the Original
Obligations as well as the other Obligations of the Borrowers and the other
Obligors under the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and the other
Loan Documents thereunder;

                  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the
mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

                                      -2-
<PAGE>
                                    ARTICLE I

                                   DEFINITIONS

          SECTION 1.1 Certain Definitions. The following terms (whether or not
underscored) when used in this Amendment shall have the following meanings (such
meanings to be equally applicable to the singular and plural form thereof):

          "Administrative Agents" is defined in the preamble.

          "Amendment" is defined in the preamble.

          "Amendment Effective Date" is defined in Article III.

          "AMI" is defined in the preamble.

          "Authorized Officer" is defined in Section 3.3.

          "Borrowers" is defined in the preamble.

          "Canadian Administrative Agent" is defined in the preamble.

          "Canadian Borrower" is defined in the preamble.

          "Citigroup" means Citicorp North America, Inc. and/or any affiliate
thereof, including Citigroup Global Markets Inc.

          "Co-Documentation Agents" is defined in the preamble.

          "Commitment Letter" means that certain Commitment Letter, dated
December 6, 2004 among UBS Loan Finance LLC, UBS Securities LLC, Citicorp North
America, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Superholdco and AMI.

          "Gentek" is defined in the preamble.

          "Holdings" is defined in the preamble.

          "Initial Lenders" means UBS and Citigroup.

          "Investcorp Investor Group" means, collectively, Investcorp, certain
affiliated entities and other international investors.

          "Joint Lead Arrangers" is defined in the preamble.

          "Lenders" is defined in the preamble.

          "New Lenders" means the Lenders other than the Original Lenders.

          "Original Collateral" is defined in the recitals hereto.

                                      -3-
<PAGE>
          "Original Collateral Documents" is defined in the recitals hereto.

          "Original Credit Agreement" is defined in the recitals hereto.

          "Original Lenders" is defined in the recitals hereto.

          "Original Term Loans" is defined in the recitals hereto.

          "Recapitalization" is defined in the recitals hereto.

          "Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement" is defined in Article
II.

          "Syndication Agent" is defined in the preamble.

          "UBS" means UBS Loan Finance LLC.

          "U.S. Administrative Agent" is defined in the preamble.

          "U.S. Borrower" is defined in the preamble.

          SECTION 1.2 Other Definitions. Unless otherwise defined or the context
otherwise requires, terms for which meanings are provided in the Second Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement shall have such meanings when used in this
Amendment.

                                   ARTICLE II

                        SECOND AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT
                          OF ORIGINAL CREDIT AGREEMENT

          On the Amendment Effective Date, the Original Credit Agreement shall
be and is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as set forth in
Annex I hereto (as set forth in such Annex I, the "Second Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement"), and as so amended and restated is hereby ratified, approved
and confirmed in each and every respect. The rights and obligations of the
parties to the Original Credit Agreement with respect to the period prior to the
Amendment Effective Date shall not be affected by such amendment and
restatement.

                                  ARTICLE III

                      CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO EFFECTIVENESS

          This Amendment shall become effective upon, and the obligations of the
Lenders and, if applicable, each Issuer to fund the initial Credit Extension
under the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement shall be subject to the
prior or concurrent, satisfaction of each of the conditions precedent set forth
in this Article III; provided that each condition precedent set forth in this
Article III that can only be satisfied upon the funding of the initial Credit
Extension under the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement shall be deemed
to be satisfied immediately prior to such funding, provided that all other
actions or events required to have been taken or to have occurred in order for
such condition to be satisfied shall have been taken or have

                                      -4-
<PAGE>
occurred at or prior to such time and that all other actions and events required
not to have occurred in order for such condition to be satisfied shall not have
occurred at or prior to such time (the first date as of which each such
condition has been satisfied being herein called the "Amendment Effective
Date").

          SECTION 3.1 Structure, Terms etc. The structure, terms and conditions
of the Transactions shall not have changed from those described in the
Commitment Letter in a manner that is materially adverse to the Lenders.

          SECTION 3.2 Counterparts and Lender Consents. The Administrative
Agents shall have received counterparts hereof executed on behalf of (a) the
Borrowers, (b) Holdings, (c) Superholdco, (d) the Original Lenders required
pursuant to the terms of the Original Credit Agreement to permit the amendments
and other modifications thereto provided for herein, (e) to the extent they are
not Original Lenders, the New Lenders and (f) the Administrative Agents.

          SECTION 3.3 Resolutions, etc. The Administrative Agents shall have
received from each Obligor, as applicable, (i) a copy of a good standing
certificate (or the equivalent under local law), dated a date reasonably close
to the Amendment Effective Date, for each such Person and (ii) a certificate,
dated the Amendment Effective Date, duly executed and delivered by such Person's
Secretary or Assistant Secretary, managing member or general partner, as
applicable, as to

          (a) resolutions of each such Person's Board of Directors (or other
     managing body) then in full force and effect authorizing, to the extent
     relevant, the execution, delivery and performance of each Loan Document to
     be executed by such Person and the transactions contemplated hereby and
     thereby;

          (b) the incumbency and signatures of those of its officers, managing
     member or general partner, as applicable, authorized to act with respect to
     each Loan Document to be executed by such Person (each, an "Authorized
     Officer"); and

          (c) as to the full force and validity of each Organic Document of such
     Person and, with respect to Superholdco, each of the Borrowers and the
     Guarantors;

upon which certificates each Secured Party may conclusively rely until it shall
have received a further certificate of the Secretary, Assistant Secretary,
managing member or general partner, as applicable, of any such Person canceling
or amending the prior certificate of such Person.

          SECTION 3.4 Equity Investment. The Equity Investment shall have been
consummated or shall be consummated simultaneously with or immediately following
the Amendment Effective Date in accordance, in all material respects, with the
Stock Purchase Agreement and all other related documentation without amendment,
modification or waiver thereof which is materially adverse to the Lenders (as
reasonably determined by the Joint Lead Arrangers), without the prior consent of
the Joint Lead Arrangers, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.

SECTION 3.5 Parentholdco Notes Placement. The Parentholdco Notes shall have been
issued on the terms and conditions as described in the term sheet delivered to
the Ini-

                                      -5-
<PAGE>
tial Lenders on December 6, 2004 (and there shall have been no changes therefrom
that are materially adverse to the Initial Lenders) and such issuance shall have
generated gross cash proceeds of not less than $75.0 million.

          SECTION 3.6 Pro Forma Debt Ratio. The Initial Lenders shall have
received reasonably satisfactory evidence (including an officers' certificate
accompanied by satisfactory supporting schedules and other data) that the ratio
of (i) pro forma consolidated net debt of Parentholdco minus cash and Cash
Equivalent Investments on U.S. Borrower's balance sheet at a date as close as
reasonably practicable to the Amendment Effective Date hereof and (ii) pro forma
consolidated net debt of U.S. Borrower minus cash and Cash Equivalent
Investments on U.S. Borrower's balance sheet at the Amendment Effective Date, as
the case may be, to pro forma EBITDA (as defined in the Second Amended and
Restated Credit Agreement, as adjusted in the manner described in Schedule 1
hereto) of U.S. Borrower and its subsidiaries, in each case after giving effect
to the Transactions for the trailing twelve months ended November 30, 2004, or
such later date for which financial statements are available, was not greater
than 5.3:1 and 2.6:1, respectively.

          SECTION 3.7 No Litigation. There shall not be any pending or
threatened litigation or other proceedings (private or governmental) with
respect to any of the Transactions which could reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Change or have a material adverse effect on any rights and
remedies of any Agent or Lender or legality or enforceability of any provision
of any Loan Document.

          SECTION 3.8 No Change of Control Litigation. There shall not have been
commenced or threatened in writing any action, suit or proceeding with respect
to the "Change of Control" covenants under the Senior Subordinated Note
Indenture and the Superholdco Senior Discount Note Indenture.

          SECTION 3.9 Amendment Effective Date Certificate. The Administrative
Agents shall have received an Amendment Effective Date Certificate, dated the
Amendment Effective Date and duly executed and delivered by an Authorized
Officer of Holdings and each Borrower, in which certificate each of Holdings and
the Borrowers shall agree and acknowledge that the statements made therein shall
be deemed to be true and correct representations and warranties of such Person
as of such date and, at the time such certificate is delivered such statements
shall in fact be true and correct. All material documents and agreements
required to be appended to the Amendment Effective Date Certificate shall be in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agents.

          SECTION 3.10 Delivery of Notes. The Administrative Agents shall have
received, for the account of each Lender that has requested in writing two
Business Days prior to the Amendment Effective Date a Note or Notes, such
Lender's Note or Notes duly executed and delivered by an Authorized Officer of
the U.S. Borrower or the Canadian Borrower, as applicable.

          SECTION 3.11 Closing Fees, Expenses, etc. The Administrative Agents
shall have received for their respective accounts, or for the account of each
Lender, all fees, costs and expenses due and payable on or prior to the
Amendment Effective Date, including without limitation, the fees, costs and
expenses due pursuant to Section 5.4 of this Amendment, Section 3.3.1

                                      -6-
<PAGE>
of the Original Credit Agreement and, to the extent then invoiced, Section 12.3
of the Original Credit Agreement.

          SECTION 3.12 No Material Adverse Change. Since December 31, 2003,
there has been no event, circumstance, change, condition, development or
occurrence, either individually or in the aggregate with all other events,
circumstances, changes, conditions, developments or occurrences, that UBS or
Citigroup determines has had or could reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the assets, liabilities, results of operations, financial
condition or business of Superholdco and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (any
such event, circumstance, change, condition, development or occurrence a
"Material Adverse Change"); provided, that none of the following shall, in any
case, be deemed to constitute a "Material Adverse Change," nor shall any of the
following be considered in determining whether a "Material Adverse Change" has
occurred: (A) changes (x) in economic, financial market, regulatory or political
conditions generally or (y) generally affecting the building products/siding and
windows industry or principal markets in which Superholdco or any of its
Subsidiaries conducts business that, in the case of clause (y), do not adversely
affect Superholdco and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, disproportionately to
other companies in the building products/siding and windows industry, (B)
changes in laws, rules, regulations or orders of any Governmental Entity (as
defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement) or interpretations thereof by any
Governmental Entity (as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement) or changes in
accounting requirements or principles, (C) the announcement or pendency of the
transactions contemplated by the Stock Purchase Agreement, (D) the consummation
of the transactions contemplated the Stock Purchase Agreement or any actions by
any of the Parties (as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement) or Superholdco
taken pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement or in connection with the
transactions contemplated thereby, (E) conduct of Superholdco or any of its
Subsidiaries (as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement) that is (x) not
prohibited under Section 6.3 of the Stock Purchase Agreement or (y) prohibited
under Section 6.3 of the Stock Purchase Agreement for which Purchasers (as
defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement) gave or failed to give consent in
accordance with Section 6.3 of the Stock Purchase Agreement, (F) any natural
disaster or any act of terrorism, sabotage, military action or war (whether or
not declared) or any escalation or worsening thereof; in each case, which do not
adversely affect Superholdco and its Subsidiaries (as defined in the Stock
Purchase Agreement), taken as a whole, disproportionately to other Persons
affected thereby.

          SECTION 3.13 Solvency Certificate. The Administrative Agents shall
have received, with counterparts for each Lender (which each applicable
Administrative Agent shall furnish to each applicable Lender promptly upon
receipt thereof), a certificate duly executed and delivered by the chief
financial or accounting Authorized Officer of the U.S. Borrower, dated the
Amendment Effective Date, in the form of Exhibit I to the Second Amended and
Restated Credit Agreement.

          SECTION 3.14 Fairness Opinion. UBS, Citigroup and the Lenders shall
have received a fairness opinion delivered by an independent evaluation firm
with respect to the Transactions in substantially identical form to the draft
letter delivered to the Initial Lenders on November 30, 2004.

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

          SECTION 3.15 Security and Pledge Agreements

          (a) The Administrative Agents shall have received, with counterparts
     for each Lender, (i) the Superholdco Security and Pledge Agreement, dated
     as of the Amendment Effective Date and duly executed and delivered by an
     Authorized Officer of Superholdco, in form and substance satisfactory to
     the U.S. Administrative Agent and (ii) the Deposit Account Control
     Agreement (as defined in the Superholdco Security and Pledge Agreement),
     dated as of the Amendment Effective Date and duly executed and delivered by
     an Authorized Officer of Superholdco, in form and substance satisfactory to
     the U.S. Administrative Agent.

          (b) The Administrative Agents shall have received an Officer's
     Certificate executed by an Authorized Officer of each Borrower either
     confirming that there has been no material change in the information
     provided in each Perfection Certificate previously delivered to the
     Administrative Agents or identifying such changes and (y) certified copies
     of UCC Requests for Information or Copies (Form UCC-11), or a similar
     search report certified by a party acceptable to the Administrative Agents,
     dated a date reasonably near to the Amendment Effective Date, listing all
     effective financing statements (filed after the date of the last such
     search report provided to the Administrative Agents pursuant to the
     Original Credit Agreement) which name each such Obligor as the debtor and
     which are filed in the jurisdictions specified in the Perfection
     Certificates, together with copies of such financial statements (none of
     which shall cover collateral described in any Loan Document except to the
     extent constituting Permitted Liens.

          (c) The Administrative Agents shall be reasonably satisfied that (i)
     each of the Liens granted to the Administrative Agents, for the benefit of
     the Secured Parties in the collateral described in clauses (a) and (b)
     above is a first priority (or local equivalent thereof) security interest
     subject only to Permitted Liens; and (ii) no Liens exist on any of the
     Collateral described above other than the Lien created in favor of an
     Administrative Agents for the benefit of the Secured Parties, pursuant to a
     Loan Document and Permitted Liens.

          SECTION 3.16 Compliance with Laws, Approvals etc. Holdings, U.S.
Borrower and their subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable material
foreign and U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations (including but
not limited to ERISA, margin regulations and environmental laws) except to the
extent that the failure to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse
Effect. All material governmental, shareholder and third party consents and
approvals necessary in connection with the consummation of the Equity Investment
and other transactions contemplated hereby, have been duly obtained.

          SECTION 3.17 Opinions of Counsel. The Administrative Agents shall have
received opinions, each dated the Amendment Effective Date from (a) White & Case
LLP, U.S. counsel to the Obligors, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agents and addressed to the Administrative Agents and all
Lenders, (b) from White & Case LLP, U.S. counsel to the Obligors, addressed to
the Joint Lead Arrangers and all Lenders substantially in the form previously
delivered to the Joint Lead Arrangers and addressing that the consummation of
the Equity Investment will not trigger a "Change of Control" under the Senior

                                      -8-
<PAGE>
Subordinate Note Indenture and the Superholdco Senior Discount Note Indenture,
(c) WeirFoulds LLP, Canadian counsel to the Obligors, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agents and addressed to the
Administrative Agents and all Lenders and (d) such other counsel to the Obligors
as the Administrative Agents may reasonably request, in each case, in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agents and addressed to
the Administrative Agents and all Lenders. The Administrative Agents shall have
received a copy of an opinion of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, counsel to
Investcorp Investor Group, addressed to Investcorp Investor Group, substantially
in the form previously delivered to the Joint Lead Arrangers (it being
understood that the Lenders shall not be entitled to rely on such legal
opinion), addressing that the consummation of the Equity Investment will not
trigger a "Change of Control" under the Senior Subordinated Note Indenture and
the Superholdco Senior Discount Note Indenture.

          SECTION 3.18 Delivery of Affirmation and Acknowledgment. The
Administrative Agents shall have received a letter of affirmation and
acknowledgment, dated as of the Amendment Effective Date and substantially in
the form of Annex IV hereto, duly executed and delivered by each Obligor (other
than Holdings and the U.S. Borrower) that is a party to a Loan Document which
was executed and delivered pursuant to the Original Credit Agreement.

          SECTION 3.19 Accuracy of Representations and Warranties, No Defaults,
etc. At the Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect to the initial
Credit Extension (i) the representations and warranties set forth in each Loan
Document and in Article IV herein shall, in each case, be true and correct in
all material respects with the same effect as if then made (unless stated to
relate to a specified earlier date, in which case such representations and
warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier
date) and (ii) no Default shall have then occurred and be continuing.

          SECTION 3.20 Superholdco Guaranty. The Administrative Agents shall
have received, with counterparts for each Lender, the Superholdco Guaranty,
dated as of the Amendment Effective Date and duly executed and delivered by an
Authorized Officer of Superholdco, in form and substance satisfactory to the
U.S. Administrative Agent.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

          SECTION 4.1 Representations and Warranties. In order to induce the
Lenders signatories hereto to enter into this Amendment and to consent to the
modifications to the Original Credit Agreement provided for herein, each of
Holdings and each Borrower hereby represents and warrants to all Lenders that
the representations and warranties contained in Article VI of the Second Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects as
of the Amendment Effective Date after giving effect to this Amendment with the
same effect as if then made (unless stated to relate solely to an earlier date,
in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in
all material respects as of such earlier date) and additionally represents and
warrants unto each Agent and each Lender as set forth in this Article IV.

                                      -9-
<PAGE>
          SECTION 4.2 Due Authorization, Non-Contravention, etc. The execution,
delivery and performance by Holdings and each Borrower and each other Obligor of
this Amendment and each other Loan Document executed or to be executed by it in
connection with this Amendment, each such Obligor's participation in the
consummation of all aspects of the Transactions and the execution, delivery and
performance by each other Obligor of each Loan Document (including this
Amendment) executed or to be executed by it in connection with this Amendment
and the agreements executed and delivered by it in connection with the
Transactions are within each such Person's corporate, partnership or limited
liability company powers, as the case may be, have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate, partnership or limited liability company action, as the
case may be, and, except as disclosed in Item 6.2 of the Disclosure Schedule, do
not (i) contravene any (A) Obligor's Organic Documents, (B) material contractual
restriction binding on or affecting any Obligor, (C) court decree or order
binding on or affecting any Obligor or (D) material law or governmental
regulation binding on or affecting any Obligor, or (ii) result in, or require
the creation or imposition of, any Lien on any Obligor's properties, except
pursuant to the terms of a Loan Document or as otherwise permitted by the Second
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement.

          SECTION 4.3 Government Approval, etc. No material authorization or
approval or other action by, and no material notice to or filing with, any
Governmental Authority or other Person (other than those (x) that have been, or
on the Amendment Effective Date, will be, or, in the case of Filing Statements
delivered on the Amendment Effective Date, will be within 10 days after the
Amendment Effective Date, duly obtained or made and which are, or on the
Amendment Effective Date will be, or, in the case of Filing Statements delivered
on the Amendment Effective Date, will be within 10 days after the Amendment
Effective Date, in full force and effect and (y) that are contemplated or
required to be made after the Amendment Effective Date in accordance with the
terms of the Loan Documents and the Transactions Documents) is required for (i)
the due execution, delivery or performance by any Obligor of any Loan Document
to which it is a party or (ii) the due execution, delivery and/or performance by
any Obligor of the Transactions Documents to which each is a party, or (iii) the
conduct of the business of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries as currently
conducted following the Amendment Effective Date.

          SECTION 4.4 Validity, etc. This Amendment and the Second Amended and
Restated Credit Agreement constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of
Holdings and the Borrowers enforceable in accordance with their terms (except,
in any case, as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally
and by principles of equity).

          SECTION 4.5 Liens Unimpaired. After giving effect to this Amendment,
neither the modification of the Original Credit Agreement effected pursuant to
this Amendment nor the execution, delivery, performance or effectiveness of this
Amendment

          (a) impairs the validity, effectiveness or priority of the Liens
     granted pursuant to any Loan Document (as such term is defined in the
     Original Credit Agreement), and such Liens continue unimpaired with the
     same priority to secure repayment of all Obligations, whether heretofore or
     hereafter incurred; or

                                      -10-
<PAGE>
          (b) requires that any new filings be made or other action taken to
     perfect or to maintain the perfection of such Liens other than the actions
     required by Section 7.1.11 of the Second Amended and Restated Credit
     Agreement.

          SECTION 4.6 Solvency. On the Amendment Effective Date, after giving
effect to this Amendment and the Transactions, each of Holdings and each other
Obligor (taken together) are Solvent.

          SECTION 4.7 Stock Purchase Agreement. All representations and
warranties made by Holdings and, to the knowledge of Holdings and its
Subsidiaries, each other party to the Stock Purchase Agreement were true and
correct in all respects as of the date such representations and warranties were
made, and, as of the date hereof, no default has occurred and is continuing
under the Stock Purchase Agreement, except to the extent any such default or any
failure of any such representation and warranty to be true and correct could,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Change.

          SECTION 4.8 No Default. Both immediately before and after giving
effect to this Amendment, no Default has occurred and is continuing as of the
Amendment Effective Date.

          SECTION 4.9 Accuracy of Information. None of the factual information
heretofore or contemporaneously furnished in writing to any Agent or any Lender
by or on behalf of any Obligor in connection with this Amendment or any other
Loan Document or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby (including the
Transactions), taken as a whole, contains any untrue statements of material
fact, or omits to state any material facts necessary in either case to make such
information taken as a whole not materially misleading in light of the
circumstances under which such information was provided and no other factual
information hereafter furnished in connection with this Amendment or any other
Loan Document by or on behalf of any Obligor, or to any Agent or any Lender will
contain any untrue statements of material fact or will omit to state any
material facts in either case necessary to make such information taken as a
whole not materially misleading on the date as of which such information is
dated or certified in light of the circumstances under which such information
was provided. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all financial projections that have
been or are hereafter made available to any Lender or any of the Agents by
Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective representatives
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby (the "Projections")
(including the Projections included in the bank memorandum furnished to the
Lenders with respect to the Borrowers and the other Obligors and the pro forma
balance sheet) have been or, in the case of the Projections made available after
the date hereof, will be prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed
by Holdings and its Subsidiaries to be reasonable at the time such assumptions
were made (it being recognized by each of the Lenders and the Agents, however,
that projections as to future events are not to be viewed as facts and that the
actual results during the period or periods covered by the Projections will
probably differ from the projected results and such differences may be
material).

                                      -11-
<PAGE>
                                   ARTICLE V

                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

          SECTION 5.1 No Other Amendments; References to the Credit Agreement.
Other than as specifically provided herein or in the Second Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement, this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver or amendment of
any right, power or privilege of the Lenders under (and as defined in) the
Original Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document (as such term is defined in
the Original Credit Agreement) or of any other term or condition of the Original
Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document (as such term is defined in the
Original Credit Agreement) nor shall the entering into of this Amendment
preclude the Lenders from refusing to enter into any further waivers or
amendments with respect to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. All
references to the Original Credit Agreement in any document, instrument,
agreement, or writing shall from and after the Amendment Effective Date be
deemed to refer to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, and, as
used in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, the terms "Agreement,"
"herein," "hereafter," "hereunder," "hereto" and words of similar import shall
mean, from and after the Amendment Effective Date, the Second Amended and
Restated Credit Agreement.

          SECTION 5.2 Headings. The various headings of this Amendment are
inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation
of this Amendment or any provisions hereof.

          SECTION 5.3 Execution in Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed
by the parties hereto in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to
be an original and all of which shall constitute together but one and the same
agreement.

          SECTION 5.4 Expenses. The Borrowers agree to pay promptly (and in any
event on the Closing Date) after presentation of an invoice therefor all
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Agents (including the reasonable fees
and out-of-pocket expenses of one counsel to the Agents (and of local counsel,
if any, who may be retained by such counsel)) in connection with the
preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Amendment, the Second
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, each other Loan Document and the
documents and transactions contemplated hereby, including the reasonable fees
and disbursements of Cahill Gordon & Reindel LLP, counsel for the Agents.

          SECTION 5.5 Cross-References. References in this Amendment to any
Article or Section are, unless otherwise specified or otherwise required by the
context, to such Article or Section of this Amendment.

          SECTION 5.6 Cooperation; Other Documents. At all times following the
execution of this Amendment, the Obligors party hereto shall execute and deliver
to the Lenders and the Agents, or shall cause to be executed and delivered to
the Lenders and the Agents, and shall do or cause to be done all such other acts
and things as the Lenders and the Agents may reasonably deem to be necessary or
desirable to assure the Lenders and the Agents of the benefit of this Amendment
(including the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement), the other Loan
Documents and each other document relating to this Amendment.

                                      -12-
<PAGE>

          SECTION 5.7 Governing Law. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE A
CONTRACT MADE UNDER AND GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK
(INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL
OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND RULE 327(B) OF THE NEW YORK CIVIL
PRACTICE LAW AND RULES).

          SECTION 5.8 Acknowledgments. The undersigned hereby (i) expressly
acknowledges the terms of the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, (ii)
ratifies and affirms its obligations under the Loan Documents (including
guarantees and security agreements) executed by the undersigned and (iii)
acknowledges renews and extends its continued liability under all such Loan
Documents and agrees such Loan Documents remain in full force and effect,
including with respect to the obligations of the Borrowers as modified by the
Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement.

                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]



                                      -13-
<PAGE>


          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to
be executed by their respective officers hereunder duly authorized as of the
date and year first above written.

                                         ASSOCIATED MATERIALS INCORPORATED,
                                         as U.S. Borrower

                                         By:
                                            -----------------------------------
                                             Name:
                                             Title:


                                         GENTEK BUILDING PRODUCTS LIMITED,
                                         as Canadian Borrower

                                         By:
                                            -----------------------------------
                                             Name:
                                             Title:


                                         AMH HOLDINGS INC.,
                                         as a Guarantor

                                         By:
                                            -----------------------------------
                                             Name:
                                             Title:

                                         ASSOCIATED MATERIALS HOLDINGS INC.,
                                         as a Guarantor

                                         By:
                                            -----------------------------------
                                             Name:
                                             Title:

                                         GENTEK HOLDINGS, INC.,
                                         as a Guarantor

                                         By:
                                            -----------------------------------
                                             Name:
                                             Title:

                                         GENTEK BUILDING PRODUCTS INC.,
                                         as a Guarantor

                                         By:
                                            -----------------------------------
                                             Name:


                                      -14-
<PAGE>
                                             Title:


                                         ALSIDE INC.,
                                         as a Guarantor

                                         By:
                                            -----------------------------------
                                             Name:
                                             Title:



                                      -15-
<PAGE>
                                         UBS AG, STAMFORD BRANCH,
                                         as the U.S. Administrative Agent


                                         By:
                                            -----------------------------------
                                             Name:
                                             Title:

                                         By:
                                            -----------------------------------
                                             Name:
                                             Title:


                                         CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE,
                                         as the Canadian Administrative Agent


                                         By:
                                            -----------------------------------
                                             Name:
                                             Title:

                                         By:
                                            -----------------------------------
                                             Name:
                                             Title:


                                         CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., as the
                                         Syndication Agent


                                         By:
                                            -----------------------------------
                                             Name:
                                             Title:


                                         GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORA-
                                         TION,
                                         as Co-Documentation Agent


                                         By:
                                            -----------------------------------
                                             Name:
                                             Title:


                                      -16-
<PAGE>

                                         NATIONAL CITY BANK,
                                         as Co-Documentation Agent


                                         By:
                                            -----------------------------------
                                             Name:
                                             Title:


                                                               ,
                                         as a Lender

                                         By:
                                            -----------------------------------
                                             Name:
                                             Title:


                                      -17-


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex_10-5.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGRMT
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.5
                    SUPERHOLDCO PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

     This SUPERHOLDCO PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of December 22,
2004 (as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from
time to time, this "Pledge and Security Agreement"), is made by AMH HOLDINGS,
INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Pledgor"), in favor of UBS AG, STAMFORD
BRANCH, as the administrative agent (together with its successor(s) thereto, in
such capacity the "Administrative Agent") for each of the Secured Parties.

                              W I T N E S S E T H :
                              - - - - - - - - - -

     WHEREAS, pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement,
dated as of December 22, 2004 and, as further amended, supplemented, amended and
restated or otherwise modified from time to time the "Credit Agreement", among
Associated Materials Incorporated as U.S. Borrower, Gentek Building Products
Limited, as Canadian Borrower, Associated Material Holdings Inc., the Pledgor,
the various financial institutions and other Persons as are or may become
parties thereto, as the Lenders, UBS AG, Stamford Branch, as the U.S.
Administrative Agent, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as the Canadian
Administrative Agent, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as the Syndication Agent,
General Electric Capital Corporation and National City Bank, as the
Co-Documentation Agents, and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and UBS Securities
LLC, as the Joint Lead Arrangers, the Lenders and the Issuers have extended
Commitments to make Credit Extensions to the Borrowers; and

     WHEREAS, as a condition precedent to the effectiveness of the Amendment
Agreement, the Pledgor is required to execute and deliver this Pledge and
Security Agreement;

     NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Pledgor agrees, for the
benefit of each Secured Party, as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I

                                   DEFINITIONS


     SECTION 1.1. Certain Terms. The following terms (whether or not
underscored) when used in this Pledge and Security Agreement, including its
preamble and recitals, shall have the following meanings (such definitions to be
equally applicable to the singular and plural forms thereof):

          "Administrative Agent" is defined in the preamble.

          "Bank" is defined in the Deposit Account Control Agreement.

          "Collateral" is defined in Section 2.1.

          "Control" means, in the case of the Deposit Account, "control" as such
     term is defined in Section 9-104 of the UCC.
<PAGE>
          "Credit Agreement" is defined in the first recital.

          "Deposit Account Control Agreement" means an agreement substantially
     in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit II or such other agreement as is
     reasonably acceptable to the U.S. Administrative Agent or such other form
     acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

          "Deposit Account" shall mean with respect to the Pledgor, (i) a
     "deposit account" as such term is defined in the UCC and (ii) all cash,
     funds, checks, notes and instruments from time to time on deposit in the
     account described in clause (i) of this definition.

          "Distributions" means all non cash dividends paid on Capital Stock,
     liquidating dividends paid on Capital Stock, shares of Capital Stock
     resulting from (or in connection with the exercise of) stock splits,
     reclassifications, warrants, options, non cash dividends, mergers,
     consolidations, and all other distributions (whether similar or dissimilar
     to the foregoing) on or with respect to any Capital Stock constituting
     Collateral, but excluding Dividends.

          "Dividends" means cash dividends and cash distributions with respect
     to any Capital Stock constituting Collateral that are not a liquidating
     dividend.

          "Event of Default" is defined in the Credit Agreement.

          "Pledgor" is defined in the preamble.

          "Pledge and Security Agreement" is defined in the preamble.

          "Securities Act" is defined in clause (a) of Section 6.2.

     SECTION 1.2. Credit Agreement Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein
or the context otherwise requires, terms used in this Pledge and Security
Agreement, including its preamble and recitals, have the meanings provided in
the Credit Agreement.

     SECTION 1.3. UCC Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein or in the
Credit Agreement or the context otherwise requires, terms for which meanings are
provided in the UCC are used in this Pledge and Security Agreement (whether or
not capitalized herein), including its preamble and recitals, with such
meanings.

                                   ARTICLE II

                                SECURITY INTEREST


     SECTION 2.1. Grant of Security Interest. The Pledgor hereby assigns,
pledges, hypothecates, charges, mortgages, delivers and transfers to the
Administrative Agent, for its benefit and the ratable benefit of each other
Secured Party, and hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for its benefit
and the ratable benefit of each other Secured Party, a continuing security
interest in all of the Pledgor's right, title and interest in the following

                                       2
<PAGE>
property, whether tangible or intangible, whether now or hereafter existing,
owned or acquired by the Pledgor, and wherever located (collectively, the
"Collateral"):

         (a)  all investment property in which the Pledgor has an interest
     (including the Capital Stock of each issuer of such Capital Stock described
     in Schedule I hereto),

         (b)  all other Capital Stock which are interests in limited liability
     companies or partnerships in which the Pledgor has an interest (including
     the Capital Stock of each issuer of such Capital Stock described in
     Schedule I hereto); and

         (c)  all Deposit Accounts;

in each case together with Dividends and Distributions payable in respect of the
Collateral described in the foregoing clauses (a) and (b).

     SECTION 2.2. Security for Obligations. This Pledge and Security Agreement
and the Collateral in which the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Parties is granted a security interest hereunder by the Pledgor secure
the payment of all Obligations now or hereafter existing.

     SECTION 2.3. Pledgor Remains Liable. Anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding

         (a)  the Pledgor will remain liable under the contracts and agreements,
     included in or relating to the Collateral to the extent set forth therein,
     and will perform all of its duties and obligations under such contracts and
     agreements to the same extent as if this Pledge and Security Agreement had
     not been executed;

         (b)  the exercise by the Administrative Agent of any of its rights
     hereunder will not release the Pledgor from any of its duties or
     obligations under any such contracts or agreements relating to the
     Collateral; and

         (c)  no Secured Party will have any obligation or liability under any
     contracts or agreements, included in or relating to the Collateral by
     reason of this Pledge and Security Agreement, nor will any Secured Party be
     obligated to perform any of the obligations or duties of the Pledgor
     thereunder or to take any action to collect or enforce any claim for
     payment assigned hereunder.

     SECTION 2.4. Dividends. In the event that any Dividend with respect to any
Capital Stock pledged hereunder is permitted to be paid (in accordance with the
Credit Agreement), such Dividend or payment may be paid directly to the Pledgor.
If any Dividend or payment is paid in contravention of the Credit Agreement, the
Pledgor shall hold the same segregated and in trust for the Administrative Agent
until paid to the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 4.5 hereto.

     SECTION 2.5. Security Interest Absolute, etc. This Pledge and Security
Agreement shall in all respects be a continuing, absolute, unconditional and
irrevocable grant of security interest, and shall remain in full force and
effect until the Termination Date. All rights of the

                                       3
<PAGE>
Secured Parties and the security interests granted to the Administrative Agent
(for its benefit and the ratable benefit of each other Secured Party) hereunder,
and all obligations of the Pledgor hereunder, shall, in each case, be absolute,
unconditional and irrevocable irrespective of:

         (a)  any lack of validity, legality or enforceability of any Loan
     Document;

         (b)  the failure of any Secured Party to assert any claim or demand or
     to enforce any right or remedy against any Obligor or any other Person
     (including any other Guarantor) under the provisions of any Loan Document
     or otherwise;

         (c)  any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any
     other term of, all or any part of the Obligations, or any other extension,
     compromise or renewal of any Obligation;

         (d)  any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination of any
     Obligations for any reason, including any claim of waiver, release,
     surrender, alteration or compromise, and shall not be subject to (and the
     Pledgor hereby waives any right to or claim of) any defense or setoff,
     counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the
     invalidity, illegality, nongenuineness, irregularity, compromise,
     unenforceability of, or any other event or occurrence affecting, any
     Obligations or otherwise;

         (e)  any amendment to, rescission, waiver or other modification of, or
     any consent to or departure from, any of the terms of any Loan Document;

         (f)  any addition, exchange or release of any collateral or of any
     Person that is (or will become) a guarantor (including the Pledgor) of the
     Obligations, or any surrender or non perfection of any collateral, or any
     amendment to or waiver or release or addition to, or consent to or
     departure from, any other guaranty held by any Secured Party securing any
     of the Obligations; or

         (g)  any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a defense
     available to, or a legal or equitable discharge of, any Obligor, any surety
     or any guarantor.

     SECTION 2.6. Postponement of Subrogation. The Pledgor agrees that prior to
the Termination Date it will not exercise any rights which it may acquire by way
of rights of subrogation under any Loan Document to which it is a party. The
Pledgor shall not seek or be entitled to seek any contribution or reimbursement
from any Obligor, in respect of any payment made under any Loan Document or
otherwise, until following the Termination Date. Any amount paid to the Pledgor
on account of any such subrogation rights prior to the Termination Date shall be
held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and shall immediately be
paid and turned over to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured
Parties in the exact form received by the Pledgor (duly endorsed in favor of the
Administrative Agent, if required), to be credited and applied against the
Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with Section 6.1;
provided that if the Pledgor has made payment to the Secured Parties of all or
any part of the Obligations and the Termination Date has occurred, then at the
Pledgor's request, the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties)
will, at the expense of the Pledgor, execute and deliver to the Pledgor
appropriate documents (without recourse and without representation or warranty)
necessary to evidence the transfer by subrogation to the Pledgor of an

                                       4
<PAGE>
interest in the Obligations resulting from such payment. In furtherance of the
foregoing, at all times prior to the Termination Date, the Pledgor shall refrain
from taking any action or commencing any proceeding against any Obligor (or its
successors or assigns, whether in connection with a bankruptcy proceeding or
otherwise) to recover any amounts in respect of payments made under this Pledge
and Security Agreement to any Secured Party.

                                   ARTICLE III

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES


     In order to induce the Secured Parties to make Credit Extensions under the
Credit Agreement, and to induce the Secured Parties to enter into Rate
Protection Agreements, the Pledgor represents and warrants to each Secured Party
as set forth below.

     SECTION 3.1. As to Capital Stock of Subsidiaries. With respect to any
Subsidiary of the Pledgor that is

         (a)  a corporation, business trust, joint stock company or similar
     Person, all Capital Stock issued by such Subsidiary is duly authorized and
     validly issued, fully paid and non assessable; and

         (b)  a partnership or limited liability company, no Capital Stock
     issued by such Subsidiary (i) is dealt in or traded on securities exchanges
     or in securities markets, (ii) is expressly provided in such Subsidiary's
     Organic Documents to be a security governed by Article 8 of the UCC or
     (iii) is held in a securities account.

The percentage of the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of each Subsidiary
pledged by the Pledgor hereunder is as set forth on Schedule I hereto. On the
Closing Date, the Pledgor has no direct Subsidiary other than Holdings.

     SECTION 3.2. Ownership, No Liens, etc. The Pledgor is the legal and
beneficial owner of, and has good and marketable title to (and has full right
and authority to pledge and assign) the Collateral free and clear of any Lien,
except for Liens created by this Pledge and Security Agreement or otherwise
permitted by the Credit Agreement.

     SECTION 3.3. Valid Security Interest. The execution and delivery of this
Pledge and Security Agreement, together with the delivery of such Collateral to
the Administrative Agent, is effective to create a valid, perfected,
first-priority security interest in such Collateral and all proceeds thereof,
securing the Obligations. Possession by the Administrative Agent of the
Collateral is sufficient to perfect or protect such security interest in the
Collateral.

     SECTION 3.4. Authorization, Approval, etc. Except as have been obtained or
made and are in full force and effect, no authorization, approval or other
action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority is
required either

                                       5
<PAGE>
         (a)  for the grant by the Pledgor of the security interest granted
     hereby, the pledge by the Pledgor of any Collateral pursuant hereto or for
     the execution, delivery and performance of this Pledge and Security
     Agreement by the Pledgor;

         (b)  for the perfection of or the exercise by the Administrative Agent
     of its rights and remedies hereunder; or

         (c)  for the exercise by the Administrative Agent of the voting or
     other rights provided for in this Pledge and Security Agreement, except (i)
     as may be required in connection with a disposition of such securities by
     laws affecting the offering and sale of securities generally, the remedies
     in respect of the Collateral pursuant to this Pledge and Security Agreement
     and (ii) any "change of control" or similar filings required by state
     licensing agencies.

     SECTION 3.5. Deposit Accounts. On the date hereof the Pledgor has neither
opened nor maintains any Deposit Accounts. The Pledgor shall not hereafter
establish and maintain any Deposit Account for purposes of Section 4.5 unless
(1) the Pledgor shall have given the Administrative Agent 30 days' prior written
notice of its intention to establish such Deposit Account with a Bank, (2) such
Bank shall be acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole judgment and
(3) such Bank and the Pledgor shall have duly executed and delivered to the
Administrative Agent a Deposit Account Control Agreement with respect to such
Deposit Account. Each Pledgor agrees that at the time it establishes any such
Deposit Accounts it shall enter into a duly authorized, executed and delivered
Deposit Account Control Agreement with respect to such Deposit Account. The
Pledgor shall not grant Control of any Deposit Account to any person other than
the Administrative Agent.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                                    COVENANTS


     The Pledgor covenants and agrees that, until the Termination Date, the
Pledgor will perform, comply with and be bound by the obligations set forth
below.

     SECTION 4.1. Capital Stock of Subsidiaries. The Pledgor will not allow any
of its Subsidiaries that is:

         (a)  a corporation, business trust, joint stock company or similar
     Person, to issue uncertificated securities; and

         (b)  a partnership or limited liability company, to (i) issue Capital
     Stock that is to be dealt in or traded on securities exchanges or in
     securities markets, (ii) expressly provide in its Organic Documents that
     its Capital Stock is a security governed by Article 8 of the UCC, or (iii)
     place such Subsidiary's Capital Stock in a securities account;

unless, in each case, all actions are taken to grant to the Administrative Agent
a perfected first priority security interest in such Collateral.

<PAGE>
                                       6

     SECTION 4.2. Stock Powers, etc. The Pledgor agrees that all certificated
securities delivered by the Pledgor pursuant to this Pledge and Security
Agreement will be accompanied by duly executed undated blank stock powers, or
other equivalent instruments of transfer acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

     SECTION 4.3. Continuous Pledge, etc.

     (a) Subject to the Credit Agreement, the Pledgor will, at all times, keep
pledged to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto, on a first-priority,
perfected basis all investment property constituting Collateral and, to the
extent required under the Credit Agreement, all Dividends and Distributions with
respect thereto and all other Collateral and other securities, instruments,
proceeds, and rights from time to time received by or distributable to the
Pledgor in respect of any Collateral, and will not permit Holdings to issue any
Capital Stock which shall not have been immediately duly pledged hereunder on a
first priority perfected basis.

     (b) The Pledgor will not sell, assign, transfer, pledge, or encumber in any
other manner the Collateral (except in favor of the Administrative Agent
hereunder) to the extent prohibited under the Credit Agreement. The Pledgor will
warrant and defend the right and title herein granted unto the Administrative
Agent in and to the Collateral (and all right, title, and interest represented
by the Collateral) against the claims and demands of all Persons whomsoever.

     SECTION 4.4. Voting Rights; Dividends, etc. The Pledgor agrees:


          (a) promptly upon receipt of notice of the occurrence and continuance
     of an Event of Default from the Administrative Agent and upon request
     therefor by the Administrative Agent (although no such request shall be
     required if an Event of Default under Section 8.1.9 of the Credit Agreement
     has occurred and is continuing), so long as such Event of Default shall
     continue, to deliver (properly endorsed where required hereby or requested
     by the Administrative Agent) to the Administrative Agent all Dividends and
     Distributions with respect to investment property, all interest, principal
     and all proceeds of the Collateral, in each case thereafter received by the
     Pledgor, all of which shall be held by the Administrative Agent as
     additional Collateral; and

          (b) after any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing
     and the Administrative Agent has notified the Pledgor of the Administrative
     Agent's intention to exercise its voting power under this clause,

               (i) that the Administrative Agent may exercise (to the exclusion
          of the Pledgor) the voting power and all other incidental rights of
          ownership with respect to any investment property constituting
          Collateral and the Pledgor hereby grants the Administrative Agent an
          irrevocable proxy, exercisable under such circumstances, to vote such
          investment property; and

               (ii) to promptly deliver to the Administrative Agent such
          additional proxies and other documents as may be necessary to allow
          the Administrative Agent to exercise such voting power.

                                       7
<PAGE>
All Dividends, Distributions and proceeds which may at any time and from time to
time be held by the Pledgor but which the Pledgor is then obligated to deliver
to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of this Pledge and Security
Agreement, shall, until delivery to the Administrative Agent, be held by the
Pledgor separate and apart from its other property in trust for the
Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent agrees that unless an Event of
Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Administrative Agent shall
have given the notice referred to in clause (b), the Pledgor will have the
exclusive voting power with respect to any investment property constituting
Collateral and the Administrative Agent will, upon the written request of the
Pledgor, promptly deliver such proxies and other documents, if any, as shall be
reasonably requested by the Pledgor which are necessary to allow the Pledgor to
exercise that voting power; provided that no vote shall be cast, or consent,
waiver, or ratification given, or action taken by the Pledgor that would impair
any such Collateral or be inconsistent with or violate any provision of any Loan
Document.

     SECTION 4.5. Deposit Account. All amounts received by the Pledgor pursuant
to each of Sections 7.2.6(g) and (h) of the Credit Agreement shall either (x) be
immediately paid to Parentholdco and used as contemplated in Section 7.2.6(g) or
(h), as applicable, or (y) be deposited (on the date received) in the Deposit
Account and once so deposited, and so long as no Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, shall only be withdrawn as follows:

          (i) with respect to amounts paid to the Pledgor pursuant to Section
     7.2.6(g)(x) of the Credit Agreement, such amounts may be used to (x) so
     long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, pay regularly
     scheduled cash interest when due on the Parentholdco Notes pursuant to the
     terms of the Parentholdco Notes Indenture as in effect on the Amendment
     Effective Date in an amount equal to 10% per annum or be contributed to
     Parentholdco and used for such purpose, (y) make capital contributions to
     Holdings (and Pledgor shall cause Holdings to contribute such amount to
     U.S. Borrower) or (z) repay the Loans; provided that to the extent that
     amounts deposited into the Pledged Account exceed an amount equal to the
     next succeeding cash interest payment on the then outstanding Parentholdco
     Notes (calculated at the per annum for cash interest required to be paid on
     the Parentholdco Notes pursuant to the terms of the Parentholdco Notes
     Indenture on the Amendment Effective Date and assuming interest payment
     shall occur within 180 days at the deposit of such amounts) (the "Interest
     Payment Amount") (provided such amount shall not exceed the amount of cash
     interest required to be paid on the Parentholdco Notes on the Amendment
     Effective Date and that such succeeding interest payment shall occur within
     180 days) (the "Interest Payment Amount") for ten (10) Business Days, such
     excess amounts shall immediately be applied by the Pledgor to make capital
     contributions to Holdings (and Pledgor shall cause Holdings to contribute
     such amount to U.S. Borrower) or to repay Loans;

          (ii) with respect to amounts paid to the Pledgor pursuant to Section
     7.2.6(g)(y) of the Credit Agreement, such amounts may only be used to (x)
     make payments of the type described in such Section 7.2.6(g)(y), (y) be
     contributed to Parentholdco and used for such purpose or (z) to repay
     loans; provided that to the extent any such amounts, together with all
     other amounts in such account in Excess of the Interest Payment Amount, are
     not used within ten (10) Business Days of the deposit thereof, such excess
     amounts shall immediately be applied by the Pledgor to make capital
     contributions to Holdings (and Pledgor shall cause Holdings to contribute
     such amount to U.S. Borrower) or to repay Loans; and

          (iii) with respect to amounts paid to the Pledgor pursuant to Section
     7.2.6(h) of the Credit Agreement, such amounts may only be used to (x) pay
     the portion of the Transactions Dividend not previously paid (but not to
     exceed $34.3 million), (y) be contributed to Parentholdco and used for such
     purpose or (z) to repay Loans; provided that to the extent any such
     amounts, together with all other amounts in such account in Excess of the
     Interest Payment Amount, are not used within ten (10) Business

                                       8
<PAGE>
     Days of the deposit thereof, such excess amounts shall immediately be
     applied by the Pledgor to make capital contributions to Holdings (and
     Pledgor shalll cause Holdings to contribute such amount to U.S. Borrower)
     or to repay Loans;

provided, further, that with respect to clauses (i)(x) and (ii) above, such
payments may only be made at the times described in the proviso to Section
7.2.6(g) of the Credit Agreement, and with respect to clauses (i)(x), (ii) and
(iii) above, such amounts may only be used for the purposes set forth therein
and the amount of such payments shall not exceed the amounts permitted to be
used pursuant to Section 4.6 of the Superholdco Guaranty.

     SECTION 4.6. Further Assurances, etc. The Pledgor agrees that, from time to
time at its own expense, it will promptly execute and deliver all further
instruments and documents, and take all further action, that may be necessary or
that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, in order to perfect,
preserve and protect any security interest granted or purported to be granted
hereby or to enable the Administrative Agent to exercise and enforce its rights
and remedies hereunder with respect to any Collateral. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Pledgor will:

          (a)  from time to time upon the request of the Administrative Agent,
     promptly deliver to the Administrative Agent such stock powers, instruments
     and similar documents, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the
     Administrative Agent, with respect to such Collateral as the Administrative
     Agent may reasonably request and will, from time to time upon the request
     of the Administrative Agent after the occurrence and during the continuance
     of any Event of Default promptly transfer any securities constituting
     Collateral into the name of any nominee designated by the Administrative
     Agent;

          (b) deliver to the Administrative Agent and at all times keep pledged
     to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto, on a first priority, perfected
     basis, at the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, all
     investment property constituting Collateral, all Dividends and
     Distributions with respect thereto, and all proceeds and rights from time
     to time received by or distributable to the Pledgor in respect of any of
     the foregoing Collateral;

          (c)  furnish to the Administrative Agent, from time to time at the
     Administrative Agent's request, statements and schedules further
     identifying and describing the Collateral and such other reports in
     connection with the Collateral as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
     request; and

          (d)  not permit any Lien (other Liens created pursuant to this Pledge
     and Security Agreement) to be incurred on any Deposit Account and shall
     cause any such Lien to immediately be removed.

                                       9
<PAGE>
                                    ARTICLE V

                            THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT


     SECTION 5.1. Administrative Agent Appointed Attorney in Fact. The Pledgor
hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent its attorney-in-fact, with
full authority in the place and stead of the Pledgor and in the name of the
Pledgor or otherwise, from time to time in the Administrative Agent's
discretion, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of
Default, to take any action and to execute any instrument which the
Administrative Agent may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes
of this Pledge and Security Agreement, including:

         (a)  to ask, demand, collect, sue for, recover, compromise, receive and
     give acquittance and receipts for moneys due and to become due under or in
     respect of any of the Collateral;

         (b)  to receive, endorse, and collect any drafts or other instruments,
     documents and chattel paper, in connection with clause (a) above;

         (c)  to file any claims or take any action or institute any proceedings
     which the Administrative Agent may deem necessary or desirable for the
     collection of any of the Collateral or otherwise to enforce the rights of
     the Administrative Agent with respect to any of the Collateral; and

         (d)  to perform the affirmative obligations of the Pledgor hereunder.

The Pledgor hereby acknowledges, consents and agrees that the power of attorney
granted pursuant to this Section is irrevocable and coupled with an interest.

     SECTION 5.2. Administrative Agent May Perform. If the Pledgor fails to
perform any agreement contained herein within five Business Days after written
notice from the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may itself
perform, or cause performance of, such agreement, and the expenses of the
Administrative Agent incurred in connection therewith shall be payable by the
Pledgor pursuant to Section 11.3 of the Credit Agreement.

     SECTION 5.3. Administrative Agent Has No Duty. The powers conferred on the
Administrative Agent hereunder are solely to protect its interest (on behalf of
the Secured Parties) in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty on it to
exercise any such powers. Except for reasonable care of any Collateral in its
possession and the accounting for moneys actually received by it hereunder, the
Administrative Agent shall have no duty as to any Collateral or responsibility
for:
          (a)  ascertaining or taking action with respect to calls, conversions,
     exchanges, maturities, tenders or other matters relative to any investment
     property, whether or not the Administrative Agent has or is deemed to have
     knowledge of such matters, or

                                       10
<PAGE>
          (b)  taking any necessary steps to preserve rights against prior
     parties or any other rights pertaining to any Collateral.

     SECTION 5.4. Reasonable Care. The Administrative Agent shall exercise
reasonable care in the custody and preservation of all of the Collateral in its
possession.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                                    REMEDIES


     SECTION 6.1. Certain Remedies. If any Event of Default shall have occurred
and be continuing:

          (a)  The Administrative Agent may exercise in respect of the
     Collateral, in addition to other rights and remedies provided for herein or
     otherwise available to it, all the rights and remedies of a secured party
     on default under the UCC (whether or not the UCC applies to the affected
     Collateral) and also may:

               (i) require the Pledgor to, and the Pledgor hereby agrees that it
          will, at its expense and upon request of the Administrative Agent
          forthwith, assemble all or part of the Collateral as directed by the
          Administrative Agent and make it available to the Administrative Agent
          at a place to be designated by the Administrative Agent which is
          reasonably convenient to both parties, and

               (ii) without notice except as specified below, sell the
          Collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels at public or
          private sale, at any of the Administrative Agent's offices or
          elsewhere, for cash, on credit or for future delivery, and upon such
          other terms as the Administrative Agent may deem commercially
          reasonable. The Pledgor agrees that, to the extent notice of sale
          shall be required by law, at least ten days prior notice to the
          Pledgor of the time and place of any public sale or the time after
          which any private sale is to be made shall constitute reasonable
          notification. The Administrative Agent shall not be obligated to make
          any sale of Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been given.
          The Administrative Agent may adjourn any public or private sale from
          time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed therefor, and
          such sale may, without further notice, be made at the time and place
          to which it was so adjourned.

          (b)  All cash proceeds received by the Administrative Agent in respect
     of any sale of, collection from, or other realization upon, all or any part
     of the Collateral may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be
     held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for, and/or then or at any
     time thereafter applied by the Administrative Agent against, all or any
     part of the Obligations as follows:

               (i) first, to the payment of all Obligations owing to the
          Administrative Agent, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent,
          including fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent;

                                       11
<PAGE>
               (ii) second, to the equal and ratable payment of Obligations, in
          accordance with each Secured Party's Obligations owing to it under or
          pursuant to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, applied;

                    (A) first to fees and expense reimbursements then due to
               such Secured Party,

                    (B) second to interest due to such Secured Party,

                    (C) third to pay or prepay principal of the Loans owing to
               such Secured Party or to reduce the credit exposure of such
               Secured Party under such Rate Protection Agreement, as the case
               may be, and

                    (D) fourth to pay the remaining outstanding Obligations and
               Cash Collateralize all Letter of Credit Outstandings;

               (iii) third, without duplication of any amounts paid pursuant to
          clause (b)(ii) above, to the Indemnified Parties to the extent of any
          amounts owing pursuant to Section 11.4 of the Credit Agreement; and

               (iv) fourth, paid over to the Pledgor or to whomsoever may be
          lawfully entitled to receive such surplus.

     For purposes of this Pledge and Security Agreement, the "credit exposure"
     at any time of any Secured Party with respect to a Rate Protection
     Agreement to which such Secured Party is a party shall be determined at
     such time in accordance with the customary methods of calculating credit
     exposure under similar arrangements by the counterparty to such
     arrangements, taking into account potential interest rate movements and the
     respective termination provisions and notional principal amount and term of
     such Rate Protection Agreement.

          (c) The Administrative Agent may:

               (i) transfer all or any part of the Collateral into the name of
          the Administrative Agent or its nominee, with or without disclosing
          that such Collateral is subject to the Lien hereunder,

               (ii) notify the parties obligated on any of the Collateral to
          make payment to the Administrative Agent of any amount due or to
          become due thereunder,

               (iii) enforce collection of any of the Collateral by suit or
          otherwise, and surrender, release or exchange all or any part thereof,
          or compromise or extend or renew for any period (whether or not longer
          than the original period) any obligations of any nature of any party
          with respect thereto,

               (iv) endorse any checks, drafts, or other writings in the
          Pledgor's name to allow collection of the Collateral,

                                       12
<PAGE>
               (v) take control of any proceeds of the Collateral, and

               (vi) execute (in the name, place and stead of the Pledgor)
          endorsements, assignments, stock powers and other instruments of
          conveyance or transfer with respect to all or any of the Collateral.

     SECTION 6.2. Securities Laws. If the Administrative Agent shall determine
to exercise its right to sell all or any of the Collateral pursuant to Section
6.1, the Pledgor agrees that, upon request of the Administrative Agent, the
Pledgor will, at its own expense:

          (a) execute and deliver, and cause (or, with respect to any issuer
     which is not a Subsidiary of the Pledgor, use its best efforts to cause)
     each issuer of the Collateral contemplated to be sold and the directors and
     officers thereof to execute and deliver, all such instruments and
     documents, and do or cause to be done all such other acts and things, as
     may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, advisable
     to register such Collateral under the provisions of the Securities Act of
     1933, as from time to time amended (the "Securities Act"), and cause the
     registration statement relating thereto to become effective
     and to remain effective for such period as prospectuses are required by law
     to be furnished, and to make all amendments and supplements thereto and to
     the related prospectus which, in the reasonable opinion of the
     Administrative Agent, are necessary or advisable, all in conformity with
     the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the
     SEC applicable thereto;

          (b) use its best efforts to exempt the Collateral under the state
     securities or "Blue Sky" laws and to obtain all necessary governmental
     approvals for the sale of the Collateral, as requested by the
     Administrative Agent;

          (c) cause (or, with respect to any issuer which is not a Subsidiary of
     the Pledgor, use its best efforts to cause) each such issuer to make
     available to its security holders, as soon as practicable, an earnings
     statement that will satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the
     Securities Act; and

          (d) do or cause to be done all such other acts and things as may be
     necessary to make such sale of the Collateral or any part thereof valid and
     binding and in compliance with applicable law.

     SECTION 6.3. Compliance with Restrictions. The Pledgor agrees that in any
sale of any of the Collateral whenever an Event of Default shall have occurred
and be continuing, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to comply with
any limitation or restriction in connection with such sale as it may be advised
by counsel is necessary in order to avoid any violation of applicable law
(including compliance with such procedures as may restrict the number of
prospective bidders and purchasers, require that such prospective bidders and
purchasers have certain qualifications, and restrict such prospective bidders
and purchasers to Persons who will represent and agree that they are purchasing
for their own account for investment and not with a view to the distribution or
resale of such Collateral), or in order to obtain any required approval of the
sale or of the purchaser by any Governmental Authority or official, and the
Pledgor further agrees that such compliance shall not result in such sale being

                                       13
<PAGE>
considered or deemed not to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner,
nor shall the Administrative Agent be liable nor accountable to the Pledgor for
any discount allowed by reason of the fact that such Collateral is sold in
compliance with any such limitation or restriction.

     SECTION 6.4. Protection of Collateral. The Administrative Agent may from
time to time, at its option, perform any act which the Pledgor fails to perform
after being requested in writing so to perform (it being understood that no such
request need be given after the occurrence and during the continuance of a
Default of the type described in Section 8.1.9 of the Credit Agreement) and the
Administrative Agent may from time to time take any other action which the
Administrative Agent reasonably deems necessary for the maintenance,
preservation or protection of any of the Collateral or of its security interest
therein.

                                  ARTICLE VII

                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS


     SECTION 7.1. Loan Document. This Pledge and Security Agreement is a Loan
Document executed pursuant to the Credit Agreement and shall (unless otherwise
expressly indicated herein) be construed, administered and applied in accordance
with the terms and provisions thereof, including Article XI thereof.

     SECTION 7.2. Binding on Successors, Transferees and Assigns; Assignment.
This Pledge and Security Agreement shall remain in full force and effect until
the Termination Date has occurred, shall be binding upon the Pledgor and its
successors, transferees and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of and be
enforceable by each Secured Party and its successors, transferees and assigns;
provided that the Pledgor may not (unless otherwise permitted under the terms of
the Credit Agreement) assign any of its obligations hereunder without the prior
written consent of all Lenders.

     SECTION 7.3. Amendments, etc. No amendment to or waiver of any provision of
this Pledge and Security Agreement, nor consent to any departure by the Pledgor
from its obligations under this Pledge and Security Agreement, shall in any
event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the
Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Lenders or the Required Lenders, as the
case may be, pursuant to Section 11.1 of the Credit Agreement) and the Pledgor
and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance
and for the specific purpose for which given.

     SECTION 7.4. Notices. All notices and other communications provided for
hereunder shall be in writing or by facsimile and addressed, delivered or
transmitted to the appropriate party at the address or facsimile number of such
party specified in the Credit Agreement or at such other address or facsimile
number as may be designated by such party in a notice to the other party. Any
notice or other communication, if mailed and properly addressed with postage
prepaid or if properly addressed and sent by pre-paid courier service, shall be
deemed given when received; any such notice or other communication, if
transmitted by facsimile, shall be deemed given when transmitted and
electronically confirmed.

                                       14
<PAGE>
     SECTION 7.5. Release of Liens. Upon (a) the Disposition of Collateral in
accordance with the Credit Agreement or (b) the occurrence of the Termination
Date, the security interests granted herein shall automatically terminate with
respect to (i) such Collateral (in the case of clause (a)) or (ii) all
Collateral (in the case of clause (b)). Upon any such Disposition or
termination, the Administrative Agent will, at the Pledgor's sole expense,
deliver to the Pledgor, without any representations, warranties or recourse of
any kind whatsoever, all Collateral held by the Administrative Agent hereunder,
and execute and deliver to the Pledgor such documents as the Pledgor shall
reasonably request to evidence such termination.

     SECTION 7.6. No Waiver; Remedies. In addition to, and not in limitation of
Section 2.5, no failure on the part of any Secured Party to exercise, and no
delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor
shall any single or partial exercise of any right hereunder preclude any other
or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies
herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by
law.

     SECTION 7.7. Headings. The various headings of this Pledge and Security
Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or
interpretation of this Pledge and Security Agreement or any provisions thereof.

     SECTION 7.8. Severability. Any provision of this Pledge and Security
Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to
such provision and such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such
prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions of
this Pledge and Security Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability
of such provision in any other jurisdiction.

     SECTION 7.9. Governing Law, Entire Agreement, etc. THIS PLEDGE AND SECURITY
AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE A CONTRACT MADE UNDER AND GOVERNED BY THE
INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE SECTIONS
5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK),
EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE VALIDITY OR PERFECTION OF THE SECURITY INTEREST
HEREUNDER, OR REMEDIES HEREUNDER, IN RESPECT OF ANY PARTICULAR COLLATERAL ARE
GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF NEW YORK. This
Pledge and Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire
understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof
and thereof and supersede any prior agreements, written or oral, with respect
thereto.

     SECTION 7.10. Counterparts. This Pledge and Security Agreement may be
executed by the parties hereto in several counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed to be an original and all of which shall constitute together but one and
the same agreement.

                                       15
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.5


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this Pledge and
Security Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by its Authorized Officer
as of the date first above written.


                                       AMH HOLDINGS, INC.





                                       By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:

                                      S-1
<PAGE>
                                       UBS AG, STAMFORD BRANCH,
                                         as Administrative Agent





                                       By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:






                                       By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:

                                      S-2


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>exh10-6.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SUPERHOLDCO GUARANTY
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6

                                     FORM OF

                              SUPERHOLDCO GUARANTY

          This AMENDED AND RESTATED SUPERHOLDCO GUARANTY, dated as of December
22, 2004 (as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified
from time to time, this "Guaranty"), is made by AMH HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware
corporation (the "Guarantor"), in favor of UBS AG, STAMFORD BRANCH, as the
administrative agent (together with its successor(s) thereto, in such capacity
the "Administrative Agent") for each of the Secured Parties, and amends and
restates the Superholdco Guarantee dated March 19, 2004.

                              W I T N E S S E T H:
                              - - - - - - - - - -

          WHEREAS, pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement,
dated as of December 22, 2004 (and as further amended, supplemented, amended and
restated or otherwise modified from time to time the "Credit Agreement"), among
Associated Materials Incorporated, a corporation organized and existing under
the laws of Delaware (the "U.S. Borrower"), Gentek Building Products Limited, a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of Ontario, Canada (the
"Canadian Borrower" and, together with the U.S. Borrower, each a "Borrower" and
collectively the "Borrowers"), Associated Materials Holdings Inc., a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of Delaware ("Holdings"), the Guarantor,
the various financial institutions and other Persons as are or may become
parties thereto, as the Lenders, UBS AG, Stamford Branch, as U.S. Administrative
Agent, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as Canadian Administrative Agent,
Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as Syndication Agent, General Electric Capital
Corporation and National City Bank, as Co-Documentation Agents, and UBS
Securities LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as Joint Lead Arrangers, the
Lenders and the Issuers have extended Commitments to make Credit Extensions to
the Borrowers; and

          NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration the receipt of
which is hereby acknowledged, the Guarantor agrees, for the benefit of each
Secured Party, as follows:

                                       I.

                                   DEFINITIONS

          SECTION 1.1 Certain Terms. The following terms (whether or not
underscored) when used in this Guaranty, including its preamble and recitals,
shall have the following meanings (such definitions to be equally applicable to
the singular and plural forms thereof):

          "Administrative Agent" is defined in the preamble.

          "Borrower" and "Borrowers" are defined in the first recital.

          "Canadian Borrower" is defined in the first recital.

          "Credit Agreement" is defined in the first recital.


                                     F-3-1
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6

          "Guarantor" is defined in the preamble.

          "Guarantor Indenture" means the Indenture, dated as of March 4, 2004,
between the Guarantor and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee, pursuant to
which the Guarantor Notes are issued.

          "Guarantor Note Documents" means the Guarantor Indenture, the
Guarantor Notes and all other instruments, agreements or other documents
evidencing or governing the Guarantor Notes.

          "Guarantor Notes" means the Senior Discount Notes due 2014 issued by
the Guarantor on March 4, 2004, resulting in gross cash proceeds not to exceed
$258,265,220.

          "Guaranty" is defined in the preamble.

          "Holdings" is defined in the first recital.

          "U.S. Borrower" is defined in the first recital.

          SECTION 1.2 Credit Agreement Definitions. Unless otherwise defined
herein or the context otherwise requires, terms used in this Guaranty, including
its preamble and recitals, have the meanings provided in the Credit Agreement.

                                       II.

                               GUARANTY PROVISIONS


     SECTION 2.1 Guaranty. The Guarantor hereby absolutely, unconditionally and
irrevocably

          1. guarantees the full and punctual payment when due, whether at
     stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand
     or otherwise, of all Obligations of the Borrowers and each other Obligor
     now or hereafter existing, whether for principal, interest, fees, expenses
     or otherwise (including all such amounts which would become due but for the
     operation of the automatic stay under Section 362(a) of the United States
     Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. ss. 362(a), and the operation of Sections 502(b)
     and 506(b) of the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. ss. 502(b) and
     ss. 506(b)), and

          2. indemnifies and holds harmless each Secured Party for any and all
     costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees and expenses)
     incurred by such Secured Party in enforcing any rights under this Guaranty;
     provided that the Guarantor shall only be liable under this Guaranty for
     the maximum amount of the liability that can be hereby incurred without
     rendering this Guaranty, as it relates to the Guarantor, voidable under
     applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer,
     and not for any greater amount. This Guaranty constitutes a guaranty of
     payment when due and not of collection, and the Guarantor specifically
     agrees that it shall not be necessary or re-


                                     F-3-2
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6

     quired that any Secured Party exercise any right, assert any claim or
     demand or enforce any remedy whatsoever against the Borrowers or any other
     Obligor (or any other Person) before or as a condition to the obligations
     of the Guarantor hereunder.

     SECTION 2.2 Acceleration of Guaranty. The Guarantor agrees that, in the
event of the occurrence of an Event of Default described under Section 8.1.9 of
the Credit Agreement with respect to either Borrower, and if such Event of
Default shall occur at a time when any of the Obligations of any Obligor may not
then be due and payable, the Guarantor agrees that it shall pay to the
Administrative Agent for the account of the Secured Parties forthwith the full
amount which would be payable hereunder by the Guarantor if all such Obligations
were then due and payable.

     SECTION 2.3 Guaranty Absolute, etc. This Guaranty shall in all respects be
a continuing, absolute, unconditional and irrevocable guaranty of payment, and
shall remain in full force and effect until the Termination Date has occurred.
The Guarantor guarantees that the Obligations of the Borrowers and each other
Obligor will be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of each Loan Document
under which they arise, regardless of any law, regulation or order now or
hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any of such terms or the
rights of any Secured Party with respect thereto. The liability of the Guarantor
under this Guaranty shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable
irrespective of:

          (a) any lack of validity, legality or enforceability of any Loan
     Document;

          (b) the failure of any Secured Party (i) to assert any claim or demand
     or to enforce any right or remedy against either Borrower or any other
     Obligor or any other Person (including any other guarantor) under the
     provisions of any Loan Document or otherwise, or (ii) to exercise any right
     or remedy against any other guarantor (including the Guarantor) of, or
     collateral securing, any Obligations of either Borrower or any other
     Obligor;

          (c) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any
     other term of, all or any of the Obligations of either Borrower or any
     other Obligor, or any other extension, compromise or renewal of any
     Obligation of either Borrower or any other Obligor;

          (d) any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination of any
     Obligations of either Borrower or any other Obligor for any reason,
     including any claim of waiver, release, surrender, alteration or
     compromise, and shall not be subject to (and the Guarantor hereby waives
     any right to or claim of) any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment
     or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality,
     nongenuineness, irregularity, compromise, unenforceability of, or any other
     event or occurrence affecting, any Obligations of either Borrower or any
     other Obligor or otherwise;

          (e) any amendment to, rescission, waiver or other modification of, or
     any consent to departure from, any of the terms of any Loan Document;

          (f) any addition, exchange or release of any collateral or of any
     Person that is (or will become) a guarantor (including the Guarantor) of
     the Obligations, or surrender or


                                     F-3-3
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6

     non-perfection of any collateral, or any amendment to or waiver or release
     or addition to, or consent to or departure from, any other guaranty, held
     by any Secured Party securing any of the Obligations of either Borrower or
     any other Obligor; or

          (g) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a defense
     available to, or a legal or equitable discharge of, the Obligations of
     either Borrower or any other Obligor, any surety or any guarantor.

     SECTION 2.4 Reinstatement, etc. The Guarantor agrees that this Guaranty
shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any
time any payment (in whole or in part) of any of the Obligations is rescinded or
must otherwise be restored to any Obligor by any Secured Party, upon the
insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Obligor or otherwise, all as
though such payment had not been made.

     SECTION 2.5 Waiver, etc. The Guarantor hereby waives promptness, diligence,
notice of acceptance and any other notice with respect to any of the Obligations
of the Borrowers or any other Obligor and of this Guaranty and any requirement
that any Secured Party protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest
or Lien, or any property subject thereto, or exhaust any right or take any
action against either Borrower, any other Obligor or any other Person (including
any other guarantor) or entity or any collateral securing the Obligations of the
Borrowers or such Obligor.

     SECTION 2.6 Postponement of Subrogation, etc. The Guarantor hereby agrees
that, at all times prior to the Termination Date, it will not exercise any
rights which it may acquire by way of rights of subrogation under this Guaranty,
by any payment made hereunder or otherwise. Any amount paid to the Guarantor on
account of any such subrogation rights prior to the Termination Date shall be
held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and shall immediately be
paid to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and
credited and applied against the Obligations of the Borrowers and each other
Obligor, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of the
Credit Agreement. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Guarantor shall, at all
times prior to the Termination Date, refrain from taking any action or
commencing any proceeding against the Borrowers or any other Obligor (or any of
its successors or assigns, whether in connection with a bankruptcy proceeding or
otherwise) to recover any amounts in respect of payments made under this
Guaranty to any Secured Party.

     SECTION 2.7 Successors, Transferees and Assigns; Transfers of Notes, etc.
This Guaranty shall (i) be binding upon the Guarantor, and its successors,
transferees and assigns; and (ii) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by
the Administrative Agent and each other Secured Party. Without limiting the
generality of clause (ii), any Lender may assign or otherwise transfer (in whole
or in part) any Note or Credit Extension held by it to any other Person or
entity, and such other Person or entity shall thereupon become vested with all
rights and benefits in respect thereof granted to such Lender under any Loan
Document (including this Guaranty) or otherwise, subject, however, to any
contrary provisions in such assignment or transfer, and to the provisions of
Section 12.11 and Article XI of the Credit Agreement.


                                     F-3-4
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6

                                      III.

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

          In order to induce the Secured Parties to make Credit Extensions under
the Credit Agreement, and to induce the Secured Parties to enter into Rate
Protection Agreements, the Guarantor represents and warrants to each Secured
Party as set forth below.

     SECTION 3.1 Organization, etc. The Guarantor (i) is validly organized and
existing and in good standing under the laws of the state or jurisdiction of its
incorporation or organization, (ii) is duly qualified to do business and is in
good standing as a foreign entity in each jurisdiction where the nature of its
business requires such qualification and where the failure to be so qualified
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (iii) has
full corporate, partnership or limited liability company power and authority, as
the case may be, to own and hold under lease its property and to conduct its
business substantially as currently conducted by it.

     SECTION 3.2 Due Authorization, Non-Contravention, etc. The execution,
delivery and performance by the Guarantor of this Guaranty are within the
Guarantor's corporate power, have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action, and do not (i) contravene (A) the Guarantor's Organic
Documents, (B) any material contractual restriction binding on or affecting the
Guarantor, (C) any court decree or order binding on or affecting the Guarantor
or (D) any material law or governmental regulation binding on or affecting the
Guarantor, or (ii) result in, or require the creation or imposition of, any Lien
on the Guarantor's properties.

     SECTION 3.3 Government Approval, Regulation, etc. No material authorization
or approval or other action by, and no material notice to or filing with, any
Governmental Authority or other Person is required for (i) the due execution,
delivery or performance by the Guarantor of this Guaranty or (ii) the conduct of
the business of the Guarantor as currently conducted by it.

     SECTION 3.4 Validity, etc. This Guaranty constitutes the legal, valid and
binding obligation of the Guarantor, enforceable against it in accordance with
its terms (except, in any case, as such enforceability may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting
creditors' rights generally and by principles of equity).

     SECTION 3.5 Financial Condition of Each Obligor. The Guarantor has
knowledge of each Borrower's and each other Obligor's financial condition and
affairs and has adequate means to obtain from the Borrowers and each such other
Obligor on an ongoing basis information relating thereto and to the Borrowers'
and each such other Obligor's ability to pay and perform its respective
Obligations, and agrees to assume the responsibility for keeping, and to keep,
so informed for so long as this Guaranty is in effect. The Guarantor
acknowledges and agrees that the Secured Parties shall have no obligation to
investigate the financial condition or affairs of the Borrowers or any other
Obligor for the benefit of the Guarantor nor to advise the Guarantor of any fact
respecting, or any change in, the financial condition or affairs of the
Borrowers or any other Obligor that might become known to any Secured Party at
any time, whether or not such Secured Party knows or believes or has reason to
know or believe that any such fact or change is unknown to the Guarantor, or
might (or does) materially increase the risk of the Guarantor as


                                     F-3-5
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6

guarantor, or might (or would) affect the willingness of the Guarantor to
continue as a guarantor of the Obligations.

     SECTION 3.6 Best Interests. It is in the best interests of the Guarantor to
execute this Guaranty inasmuch as the Guarantor will derive substantial direct
and indirect benefits from the Credit Extensions made from time to time to the
Borrowers by the Lenders and the Issuers pursuant to the Credit Agreement and
the execution and delivery of Rate Protection Agreements between the Borrowers
or any other Obligor and certain Secured Parties, and the Guarantor agrees that
the Secured Parties are relying on this representation in agreeing to continue
to make Credit Extensions to the Borrowers.

     SECTION 3.7 Solvency. After giving effect to this Guaranty and the issuance
of the Guarantor Notes, the Guarantor, Holdings, each Borrower and each
Subsidiary Guarantor (all taken together) are Solvent.

                                       IV.

                                    COVENANTS

     SECTION 4.1 Limitation on Redemption and Prepayment of Certain
Indebtedness. The Guarantor will not, nor will it make an offer to, (i) redeem
or repurchase any Guarantor Notes before the Termination Date, except for
redemptions or repurchases made in connection with the sale or issuance of the
Capital Stock of the Guarantor and so long as all amounts due under Section
3.1.1(h) of the Credit Agreement are paid (to the extent required to be paid)
before such redemption or repurchase, (ii) make any payment or prepayment of
principal of, or premium or interest on, any Subordinated Debt (A) other than
the stated, scheduled payment of principal or interest set forth in the
applicable Other Debt Documents related to such Indebtedness, or (B) which would
violate the terms of the Credit Agreement, this Guaranty or the applicable Other
Debt Documents related to such Indebtedness, or (iii) make any deposit
(including the payment of amounts into a sinking fund or other similar fund) for
any of the foregoing purposes.

     SECTION 4.2 Limitation on Indebtedness. The Guarantor will not create,
incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, other than (i) this Guaranty,
(ii) unsecured Indebtedness in respect of the Guarantor Notes in an aggregate
principal amount at maturity not to exceed $446,000,000 (and which resulted in
gross cash proceeds not to exceed $258,265,220), (iii) Indebtedness arising from
the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or
similar instrument inadvertently (except in the case of daylight overdrafts)
drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business so long as
such Indebtedness is extinguished within three Business Days of the incurrence
thereof, (iv) unsecured Indebtedness incurred in connection with repurchases of
its Capital Stock from employees, officers, directors or consultants of the
Guarantor or its Subsidiaries upon their ceasing to be employees, officers,
directors or consultants of the Guarantor or any such Subsidiary, as the case
may be, or upon such Person's death or disability (provided that the aggregate
principal amount of such repurchases funded with Indebtedness does not exceed
$7,500,000 in the aggregate outstanding at any time), (v) unsecured Indebtedness
owing to its Subsidiaries, as evidenced by notes in form and substance similar
to Intercompany Notes, (vi) unsecured Indebtedness in respect of guarantees of
any permitted Indebtedness of its Subsidiaries, (vii) unsecured Indebtedness in
respect of Permitted Seller Notes and Qualify-

                                     F-3-6
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6

ing Subordinated Debt (provided that the aggregate principal amount of Permitted
Seller Notes issued, when aggregated with the aggregate principal amount of
Indebtedness assumed or acquired pursuant to clause (l) of Section 7.2.2 of the
Credit Agreement, does not exceed $10,000,000 in the aggregate with respect to
Permitted Seller Notes issued by Superholdco, Holdings and each Borrower (as
such amount may be increased through interest that is capitalized or
paid-in-kind); and (viii) unsecured Indebtedness in a principal amount at any
time outstanding not to exceed $7,500,000 in the aggregate with all Indebtedness
incurred pursuant to this clause (viii) and clause (v) of Section 7.2.2 of the
Credit Agreement; provided that any such Indebtedness referred to in clause (iv)
above is subordinated to the Obligations on terms no less favorable to the
Secured Parties than those set forth on Exhibit J to the Credit Agreement;
provided however that in the case of any guaranty of any Indebtedness referred
to in clause (vi) above, to the extent that such guaranteed Indebtedness is
subordinated to the Obligations, the guaranty thereof by the Guarantor shall be
subordinated to the Obligations to the same extent; provided further that no
Indebtedness otherwise permitted by clause (vii) (other than Permitted Seller
Notes) or (viii) shall be assumed or otherwise incurred if a Default has
occurred and is then continuing or would result therefrom.

     SECTION 4.3 Modification of Certain Agreements. The Guarantor will not
consent to any amendment, supplement, waiver or other modification of, or enter
into any forbearance from exercising any rights with respect to the terms or
provisions, (i) any of the Guarantor Note Documents, other than any amendment,
supplement, waiver or modification for which no fee is payable to the holders of
the Guarantor Notes and which (x) extends the date or reduces the amount of any
required repayment, prepayment or redemption of the principal of the Guarantor
Notes, (y) reduces the rate or extends the date for payment of interest, premium
(if any) or fees payable on the Guarantor Notes or (z) makes the covenants,
events of default or remedies in respect of the Guarantor Notes less restrictive
on the obligors thereunder, or (ii) any Organic Document of the Guarantor, other
than any amendment, supplement, waiver or modification which would not impair,
or in any manner be adverse to, the rights, interests or obligations of any
Secured Party under any Loan Document.

     SECTION 4.4 Maintenance of Corporate Separateness. The Guarantor will, and
will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, satisfy customary corporate formalities.

     SECTION 4.5 Activities of the Guarantor. The Guarantor will not engage in
any business activity except those businesses in which the Guarantor is engaged
as of the date hereof, businesses which are reasonable extensions thereof and
businesses reasonably incidental or complementary thereto or expansions thereof.

     SECTION 4.6 Use of Funds Paid Pursuant to Sections 7.2.6(g) and (h) of the
Credit Agreement. The Guarantor will either (x) immediately pay to Parentholdco
any amounts paid to it pursuant to Section 7.2.6(g)(x), (g)(y) or (h) of the
Credit Agreement, which amounts will be used as contemplated such Section
7.2.6(g)(x), (g)(y) or (h), as applicable, or (y) deposit (on the date received)
such amounts in a deposit account in which the U.S. Administrative Agent shall
have a perfected first priority security interest (which shall be a Deposit
Account to be established pursuant to the Superholdco Pledge Agreement) and will
not use any such amounts for any purpose other than (x) as described in the
applicable Section 7.2.6(g) or (h) or (y) as otherwise permitted pursuant to
Section 4.5 of the Superholdco Pledge Agreement; provided that no payment
pursuant to clause (x) hereof shall exceed the


                                     F-3-7
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6

lesser of (i) 50% of the amount permitted to be distributed pursuant to Sections
7.2.6(g)(x), (g)(y) and (h) of the Credit Agreement, as applicable and (ii) the
amount necessary to make the full payments referred to such Sections
7.2.6(g)(x), (g)(y) and (h), as applicable; (and in the event that pursuant to
the second proviso at the end of Section 7.2.6 the amount permitted under
Section 7.26(g)(x), (g)(y) and (h) shall have been reduced to 100%, then all of
the amount permitted to be so distributed).

                                       V.

                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

     SECTION 5.1 Loan Document. This Guaranty is a Loan Document executed
pursuant to the Credit Agreement and shall (unless otherwise expressly indicated
herein) be construed, administered and applied in accordance with the terms and
provisions thereof.

     SECTION 5.2 Binding on Successors, Transferees and Assigns; Assignment. In
addition to, and not in limitation of, Section 2.7, this Guaranty shall be
binding upon the Guarantor and its successors, transferees and assigns and shall
inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by each Secured Party and its
successors, transferees and assigns (to the fullest extent provided pursuant to
Section 2.7); provided that, except as provided in the Credit Agreement, this
Guaranty may not be discharged and the Guarantor may not assign any of its
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders
(or to the extent required pursuant to the Credit Agreement, all Lenders).

     SECTION 5.3 Amendments, etc. No amendment to or waiver of any provision of
this Guaranty, nor consent to any departure by the Guarantor herefrom, shall in
any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the
Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Lenders or the Required Lenders, as the
case may be, pursuant to Section 12.1 of the Credit Agreement) and then such
waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the
specific purpose for which given.

     SECTION 5.4 Notices. All notices and other communications provided
hereunder shall be in writing (including by facsimile) and addressed, delivered
or transmitted, if to the Guarantor, at the address or facsimile number of the
Borrowers specified in the Credit Agreement, and if to the Administrative Agent,
at its address or facsimile number specified in the Credit Agreement, or at such
other address or facsimile number as may be designated by any such party in a
notice to the other parties. Any notice, if mailed and properly addressed with
postage prepaid or if properly addressed and sent by prepaid courier service,
shall be deemed given when received; any notice, if transmitted by facsimile,
shall be deemed given when the confirmation of transmission thereof is received
by the transmitter.

     SECTION 5.5 No Waiver; Remedies. In addition to, and not in limitation of,
Section 2.3 and Section 2.5, no failure on the part of any Secured Party to
exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a
waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right hereunder
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other
right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any
remedies provided by law.

                                     F-3-8
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6

     SECTION 5.6 Headings. The various headings of this Guaranty are inserted
for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this
Guaranty or any provisions hereof.

     SECTION 5.7 Setoff. Each Secured Party shall, upon the occurrence of any
Event of Default described in Section 8.1.9 of the Credit Agreement with respect
to either Borrower or, with the consent of the Required Lenders, upon the
occurrence and during the continuance of any other Event of Default, have the
right to appropriate and apply to the payment of the Obligations owing to it
(whether or not then due), and (as security for such Obligations) the Guarantor
hereby grants to each Secured Party a continuing security interest in, any and
all balances, credits, deposits, accounts or moneys of the Guarantor then or
thereafter maintained with such Secured Party; provided that any such
appropriation and application shall be subject to the provisions of Section 4.8
of the Credit Agreement. Each Secured Party agrees promptly to notify the
Guarantor, the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent after any such setoff and
application made by such Secured Party; provided further that the failure to
give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application.
The rights of each Secured Party under this Section are in addition to other
rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff under applicable law or
otherwise) which such Secured Party may have.

     SECTION 5.8 Severability. Any provision of this Guaranty which is
prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such provision and
such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or
unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Guaranty
or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other
jurisdiction.

     SECTION 5.9 Governing Law; Entire Agreement. THIS GUARANTY SHALL BE DEEMED
TO BE A CONTRACT MADE UNDER AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK
(INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL
OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK). This Guaranty constitutes the entire
understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof
and supersedes any prior agreements, written or oral, with respect hereto.

     SECTION 5.10 Forum Selection and Consent to Jurisdiction. ANY LITIGATION
BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS GUARANTY OR
ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS
(WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF ANY SECURED PARTY OR THE GUARANTOR IN
CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THEREWITH MAY BE BROUGHT AND MAINTAINED IN THE COURTS OF
THE STATE OF NEW YORK LOCATED IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK OR IN THE UNITED STATES
DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK; PROVIDED THAT ANY SUIT
SEEKING ENFORCEMENT AGAINST ANY COLLATERAL OR OTHER PROPERTY MAY BE BROUGHT, AT
THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT'S OPTION, IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION WHERE SUCH
COLLATERAL OR OTHER PROPERTY MAY BE FOUND. THE GUARANTOR IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO
THE SERVICE OF PROCESS BY REGISTERED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, OR BY PERSONAL
SERVICE WITHIN OR WITHOUT THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN CARE OF THE BORROWERS AT THE
ADDRESS OF THE BORROWERS SPECIFIED IN THE


                                     F-3-9
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6

CREDIT AGREEMENT. THE GUARANTOR HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY HAVE OR HEREAFTER
MAY HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT
REFERRED TO ABOVE AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN
INCONVENIENT FORUM. TO THE EXTENT THAT THE GUARANTOR HAS OR HEREAFTER MAY
ACQUIRE ANY IMMUNITY FROM JURISDICTION OF ANY COURT OR FROM ANY LEGAL PROCESS
(WHETHER THROUGH SERVICE OR NOTICE, ATTACHMENT PRIOR TO JUDGMENT, ATTACHMENT IN
AID OF EXECUTION OR OTHERWISE) WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ITS PROPERTY, THE
GUARANTOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW SUCH
IMMUNITY IN RESPECT OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS GUARANTY AND THE OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENTS.

     SECTION 5.11 Waiver of Jury Trial. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT (ON BEHALF OF
THE SECURED PARTIES) AND THE GUARANTOR HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND
INTENTIONALLY WAIVE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY RIGHTS THEY MAY
HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING
OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS GUARANTY AND EACH OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENT, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER ORAL
OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF SUCH SECURED PARTIES AND THE GUARANTOR IN CONNECTION
HEREWITH OR THEREWITH. THE GUARANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT IT HAS
RECEIVED FULL AND SUFFICIENT CONSIDERATION FOR THIS PROVISION (AND EACH OTHER
PROVISION OF EACH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT TO WHICH IT IS A PARTY) AND THAT THIS
PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE SECURED PARTIES ENTERING INTO THE
LOAN DOCUMENTS.

     SECTION 5.12 Counterparts. This Guaranty may be executed by the parties
hereto in several counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of
which shall constitute together but one and the same agreement.


                                     F-3-10
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this
Guaranty to be duly executed and delivered by its Authorized Officer as of the
date first above written.

                                        AMH HOLDINGS, INC.


                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                            Name:
                                            Title:


                                     F-3-11
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6

ACCEPTED BY:

UBS AG, STAMFORD BRANCH,
  as Administrative Agent


By:
   ----------------------------
    Name:
    Title:


By:
   ----------------------------
    Name:
    Title:



                                     F-3-12

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>exh10-7.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED MANAGEMENT AGRMT
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.7




                   AMENDED AND RESTATED MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT


          AMENDED AND RESTATED MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated as
of December 22, 2004, by and between Harvest Partners, Inc. ("Harvest"), a New
York corporation, and Associated Materials Incorporated (the "Company"), a
Delaware corporation.


                              W I T N E S S E T H:
                              - - - - - - - - - -

          WHEREAS, the Company is engaged in the building products industry,
electrical cable manufacturing industry and activities related to each of the
foregoing (the "Business"); and

          WHEREAS, the Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Associated
Materials Holdings Inc., a Delaware Corporation ("AMHI") and AMHI is a wholly
owned subsidiary of AMH Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("AMH");

          WHEREAS, AMH, Harvest, certain affiliates of Investcorp International,
Inc. (the "Purchasers") and the parties named therein as Sellers have entered
into a Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2004, pursuant to which
the Purchasers will purchase shares of preferred stock of AMH from the Sellers;

          WHEREAS, it is a condition to the closing of the transactions
contemplated by the Stock Purchase Agreement that the parties hereto enter into
this Agreement and a Restructuring Agreement, pursuant to which the holders of
capital stock of AMH have restructured (the "Restructuring") AMH by creating AMH
Holdings II, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Holdings"), a holding company which
shall own all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of AMH;

          WHEREAS, the Company desires that Harvest cause Holdings to designate
representatives with financial and/or management expertise to serve on the Board
of Directors of the Company, and Harvest desires to cause Holdings to designate
such representatives to serve on the Board of Directors of the Company, and that
such representatives render counsel, guidance and directorial assistance to the
Company and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates while serving on the Board of
Directors of the Company (the "Director Services");

          WHEREAS, the Company further desires that Harvest provide the Company
and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates with financial advisory and strategic
planning services (the "Harvest Services"), including, without limitation,
various advisory services, consulting, marketing, management, strategic
planning, corporate organization and structure, financial matters in connection
with the operation of the Businesses of the Company, expansion of services,
acquisitions and business opportunities and review and advise the Company
regarding its overall progress, needs and condition;

          WHEREAS, the Company and Harvest entered into a Management Agreement,
dated as of April 19, 2002, as amended and restated in its entirety by the
Amended and Restated Management Agreement, dated as of March 4, 2004 (as so
amended and restated, the "Original Agreement"); and

<PAGE>

          WHEREAS, the parties desire to amend and restated the Original
Agreement as provided herein.

          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein
contained, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties, hereto, intending to
be legally bound hereby, agree as follows:

          1. Effective Date. This Agreement shall be effective as of the date
first above written (the "Effective Date").

          2. Services. Harvest shall cause certain of its employees, directors
or designees (the "Harvest Directors") with financial and/or management
expertise to serve on the Board of Directors of the Company. Harvest shall cause
the Harvest Directors to provide the Director Services and shall devote such
time and attention as is reasonably necessary to provide the Director Services.
Harvest shall also provide the Harvest Services to the Company from time to time
as requested by the Company. The Harvest Services may be rendered both through
the Harvest Directors and directly by Harvest.

          3. Compensation. (a) Subject to Sections 3(e) and 4 below, as full
payment for the Director Services and the Harvest Services to be rendered by the
Harvest Directors and Harvest hereunder, the Company shall pay to Harvest a fee
(the "Harvest Fee") equal to the sum of $750,000 (to be adjusted annually in
accordance with the U.S. Consumer Price Index) for each year (such years to
begin on each April 1 and ending on each March 31; provided however that the
initial year shall commence on the Effective Date). Except as otherwise provided
in Section 3(c) below, the Harvest Fee shall be payable in equal quarterly
installments during each year of this Agreement, in advance, on the first day of
each quarterly period commencing on the Effective Date.

          (b) In addition to the payment of the Harvest Fee provided for in
Section 3(a) above and in Section 3(c) below, the Company agrees to pay to
Harvest, in consideration of Harvest's efforts to direct the relevant entity to,
and provide advice and strategic planning to the relevant entity in connection
with a Transaction, from time to time, a fee (each, a "Transaction Fee")
concurrently, with, and as a condition to, the closing of (i) a sale, merger,
joint venture formation or other business combination or recapitalization of
Holdings, AMH, AMHI, the Company or one or more of its subsidiaries in
connection with which direct or indirect control of such entity is assumed by an
unaffiliated third party (each, a "Business Combination"), (ii) a sale, lease or
conveyance of all or substantially all of Holdings', AMH's, AMHI's or the
Company's or one or more of its subsidiaries' assets (an "Asset Sale"), (iii)
any offering of Holdings', AMH's, AMHI's or the Company's or one or more of its
subsidiaries capital stock or indebtedness (an "Offering") or (iv) any
declaration of an extraordinary dividend by Holdings, AMH, AMHI or the Company
(an "Extraordinary Dividend" and, together with a Business Combination, an Asset
Sale and an Offering, a "Transaction"). The amount of any Transaction Fee shall
be equal to (x) 1% of the "Transaction Amount" (as defined below) in connection
with a Business Combination, Asset Sale or Extraordinary Dividend, provided,
that, in the case of a Business Combination, Asset Sale or Extraordinary
Dividend, the gross proceeds from such a Business Combination, Asset Sale or, as
the case may be, Extraordinary Dividend generate a cumulative annual eight
percent (8%) compound internal rate of return on the initial investment

                                       -2-
<PAGE>

in Holdings by holders of capital stock of the Holdings on the Effective Date;
and (y) 2% of the net proceeds to the relevant entity in connection with an
Offering. "Transaction Amount," as used herein, shall mean the total
consideration (including, without limitation, cash; securities; earnouts (when
and if paid); dividends or other distribution to stockholders; evidences of
indebtedness; other debt instruments, capital leases and preferred securities or
interests remaining on the financial statements, indebtedness, capital leases,
preferred securities or interests and debt and other obligations assumed,
retired or defeased by the purchaser; and any other property or form of
consideration) distributed or directly or indirectly paid, payable or
contributed, for the assets and/or existing and newly issued stock and/or other
ownership interest in connection with the relevant Transaction; provided,
however, that Transaction Amount shall exclude (i) refinanced indebtedness of
the Company and (ii) proceeds from Offerings by Holdings to holders of capital
stock of Holdings on the Effective Date (other than any such holder that is
managed by Harvest). Any securities that form part or all of the Transaction
Amount shall be valued at the quoted public market price or, in the absence of a
quoted market price, the fair value thereof, as determined in good faith by the
Board of Directors of the Company. Any other Transaction Amount that is not
represented by cash shall be valued at the fair value thereof as determined in
good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company. A Transaction Fee shall in
any and all circumstances be payable in cash at the closing of Transaction. In
the event of a recapitalization of any person or entity, a Transaction Amount
shall also include, without duplication, the value of cash, notes, property and
securities distributed to the person's or entity's stockholders or members. The
Transaction Fee will be payable so long as a Transaction is consummated or a
definitive agreement providing for a Transaction is entered into at any time
during the Initial Term or Renewal Term or within the two (2) year period
subsequent to the termination hereof. Notwithstanding anything else herein to
the contrary, in lieu of payment thereof by the Company, the Company may cause
any of its subsidiaries to, or Holdings, AMH or AMHI may, pay any Transaction
Fee payable to Harvest in connection with a Transaction; provided, that nothing
in this sentence shall affect the absolute right of Harvest to be paid such
Transaction Fee and the Company shall in all respects remain liable therefor
until such obligation is paid in full. The Company may agree to pay Harvest a
fee in connection with any other transaction, including without limitation, an
acquisition of capital stock or assets of another person or entity, so long as
such fee is approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of
the Company other than the Harvest Directors.

          (c)  Concurrent with, and as a condition to, the closing of any
Business Combination or Asset Sale involving the Company, the Company shall pay
to Harvest, in a lump sum payment, an amount equal to the aggregate Harvest Fee
which would otherwise be payable by the Company through the completion of the
then-remaining Initial Term or Renewal Term, as the case may be. Notwithstanding
anything else herein to the contrary, in lieu of payment thereof by the Company,
the Company may cause any of its subsidiaries to pay the amount of any Harvest
Fee payable to Harvest pursuant to this Section 3(c); provided, that nothing in
this sentence shall affect the absolute right of Harvest to be paid such Harvest
Fee and the Company shall in all respects remain liable therefor until such
obligation is paid in full.

          (d)  In addition to the fees to be paid to Harvest under Sections
3(a), 3(b) and 3(c), the Company shall pay to, or on behalf of, Harvest,
promptly as billed, all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Harvest in
connection with the Director Services and the Harvest Services rendered
hereunder. Such expenses shall include, among other things, reasonable fees

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

and disbursements of counsel, travel expenses, messenger and duplicating
services, facsimile expenses and other reasonable and customary expenditures.

          (e) In addition to the fees otherwise payable hereunder, in
consideration of the Director Services provided to the Company by any Harvest
Director who is not an employee or director of Harvest, the Company shall pay
reasonable and customary director's fees to such Harvest Director, in addition
to reimbursing the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including, but not limited
to, travel expenses) of such Harvest Director.

          (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the payment of an amount in
respect of the Harvest Fee would result in a breach or event of default pursuant
to an instrument of indebtedness to which the Company is a party (the
"Indebtedness") such payment shall not be paid to the extent that the payment of
such amount would result in such breach or default, but instead shall be accrued
on the books of the Company and shall bear interest at 8% per annum and be
payable as soon as and to the extent permitted by the terms of the Indebtedness,
together with interest thereon as aforesaid. The Company covenants and agrees
that it shall not agree to an amendment of the terms of the Indebtedness which
would specifically prohibit the payment of the Harvest Fee hereunder or impose
any higher financial test ratio or other pre-condition more onerous that any
terms of the Indebtedness in effect on the date hereof. The Company covenants
and agrees that, in the event that it incurs additional indebtedness, it shall
not grant in favor of the holders of such additional indebtedness a covenant or
right specifically prohibiting the payment of the Harvest Fee hereunder or
imposing any higher financial test ratio or other pre-condition more onerous
than is applicable to the Indebtedness.

          4.   Stock Options. Harvest and employees of Harvest shall not be
eligible for any grant of stock options by Holdings, AMH, AMHI or the Company
for the duration of the Initial Term and any Renewal Term.

          5.   Term. (a) The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date
hereof and shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) March 31, 2007 (such period
being referred to herein as the "Initial Term"), unless this Agreement is
automatically renewed as provided below in this Section 5, (ii) the date on
which this Agreement is terminated for cause as provided in Section 7 below and
(iii) the closing of any Business Combination or Asset Sale involving the
Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing the term of this Agreement shall
automatically and immediately be extended for additional one-year periods (each
such period being referred to herein as a "Renewal Term") if written notice of
termination of this Agreement has not been given by Harvest to the Company at
least three (3) years prior to the end of the Initial Term or, as the case may
be, a Renewal Term.

          (b)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
obligations of the Company set forth in Sections 3(b), 3(c), 3(d), 3(e) and 8 of
this Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.

          6.   Right to Engage in Other Activities. The Director Services
provided herein are not to be deemed exclusive. Nothing contained herein shall
restrict Harvest or any of its shareholders, directors, officers, employees or
agents from engaging in any other business or devoting time and attention to the
management, investment, involvement or other aspects of any

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

other business, including becoming an officer or director thereof, or rendering
services of any kind to any other Company, firm, individual or association.

          7.   Termination for Cause. This Agreement may be terminated for cause
by the party whose conduct is not the cause for such termination if (a) either
party materially breaches its obligations as set forth herein (which, in this
case of Harvest, should be terminated for willful misconduct or gross
negligence), or (b) either party files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or is
adjudicated as bankrupt or insolvent, or such party files a petition under any
chapter of the United States Bankruptcy Code or any other present or future
applicable Federal, state or other statute or law regarding bankruptcy,
insolvency or other relief for debtors, or any party seeks, or consents to, or
acquiesces in the appointment of, any trustee, receiver, conservator or
liquidator of itself or of all or any substantial portion of its property.

          8.   Indemnification. The Company shall (i) indemnify Harvest, its
affiliates, and their respective partners, directors, officers, employees,
agents and controlling persons and their respective affiliates, and any Harvest
Directors (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties"), to the fullest extent
permitted by law, from and against any and all losses, suits, proceedings,
demands, judgments, claims, damages and liabilities, joint or several, to which
any Indemnified Party may become subject, caused by, related to or arising out
of the Director Services or the Harvest Services or any other advice or services
contemplated by this Agreement or the engagement of Harvest pursuant to, and the
performance by any Indemnified Party of the Director Services or the Harvest
Services contemplated by, this Agreement, and (ii) promptly reimburse each
Indemnified Party for all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney's
fees and expenses), as incurred, in connection with the investigation of,
preparation for or defense of any pending or threatened claim or any action or
proceeding arising therefrom, whether or not such Indemnified Party is a party
and whether or not such claim, action or proceeding is initiated or brought by
or on behalf of the Company and whether or not resulting in any liability.

          9.   Limited Liability. The Company agrees that no Indemnified Party
shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort, or
otherwise) to the Company, holders of its securities or its creditors related to
or arising out of the engagement of Harvest pursuant to, or the performance by
any Indemnified Party of the Director Services or the Harvest Services
contemplated by, this Agreement, except to the extent that any loss, claim,
damage, liability, cost or expense is found in a final non-appealable judgment
by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from Harvest's willful
misconduct or gross negligence.

          10.  Independent Contractor. The Company acknowledges that Harvest has
been retained hereunder solely as an advisor to the Company, and not as an
advisor to or agent of any other person, and that the Company's engagement of
Harvest is as an independent contractor and not in any other capacity including
as a fiduciary.

          11.  Information. The Company agrees to furnish or cause to be
furnished to Harvest all necessary or appropriate information for use in its
engagement and hereby warrants that any information relating to the Company or a
Transaction that is furnished to Harvest by or on behalf of the Company will be
true and correct in all material respects and not misleading.

                                      -5-

<PAGE>

          12.  Attorneys' Fees. In any action or proceeding brought to enforce
any provision of this Agreement, or where any provision hereof is validly
asserted as a defense, the prevailing party, as determined by the court, shall
be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys' fees in addition to any other
available remedy.

          13.  Assignment. Neither Harvest nor the Company may assign this
Agreement or any of their respective rights or obligations hereunder, except
that either of them may assign or transfer this Agreement to any other person
who or which acquires all or substantially all of their respective property,
business and assets, provided, however, that, in the case of Harvest, this
Agreement may be assigned or transferred, in whole or in part, to any affiliate
of Harvest, and thereafter references in this Agreement to "Harvest" shall
include such affiliate.

          14.  Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision
of this Agreement shall not in any manner or way affect any other provision
hereof, and this Agreement shall be construed, if possible, as if amended to
conform to legal requirements, failing which it shall be construed as if any
such offending provision were omitted.

          15.  Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED
AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT
GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF.

          16.  Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire
understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

          17.  Binding Nature. Subject to the restrictions on assignability
contained herein and the rights and obligations of the Indemnified Parties under
Sections 7 and 8 above, each and all of the covenants, terms, conditions,
provisions and agreements herein contained shall be binding upon, and inure only
to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors, heirs and
permitted assigns.

          18.  Amendment, etc. The provisions of this Agreement may not be
amended, waived, modified or changed except by an instrument in writing signed
by all of the parties hereto. No waiver of any breach or condition of this
Agreement shall be deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach or
condition, whether of like or different nature.

          19.  Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which, when taken
together, shall constitute one and the same instrument.

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amended and
Restated Management Agreement to be executed by their representatives thereunto
duly authorized on the date first above written.


                                  HARVEST PARTNERS, INC., a New York
                                    corporation


                                  By:
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                     Name:
                                     Title:


                                  ASSOCIATED MATERIALS
                                     INCORPORATED, a Delaware corporation


                                  By:
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                     Name:
                                     Title:




                                      -7-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>exh10-8.txt
<DESCRIPTION>MANAGEMENT ADVISORY AGRMT
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.8



                       AGREEMENT FOR MANAGEMENT ADVISORY,
                             STRATEGIC PLANNING AND
                               CONSULTING SERVICES


          THIS AGREEMENT is made effective as of the 22nd day of December, 2004
(the "Effective Date"), by and between Investcorp International Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("III"), and Associated Materials Incorporated, a Delaware
corporation ("AMI").

          WHEREAS, III, by and through its officers, employees, agents and
affiliates has developed in connection with the conduct of its business and
affairs various areas of expertise in the fields of management, finance,
marketing, and strategic planning; and

          WHEREAS, AMI desires to avail itself of the expertise of III in those
areas hereinabove enumerated and in which III is acknowledged to have expertise,
for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date, said 5-year period being
referred to as the "Term";

          NOW, THEREFORE, the parties do hereby agree as follows:

          1.  Appointment. AMI hereby appoints III to render management
advisory,strategic planning and consulting services to AMI on an exclusive basis
during the Term as herein contemplated.

          2.  III. During the Term, III shall render to AMI, by and through such
of its officers, employees, agents and affiliates as III, in its sole
discretion, shall designate from time to time, management advisory, strategic
planning and consulting services. Said services shall consist of advice
concerning management, finance, marketing, strategic planning, and such other
services as shall be requested from time to time by the Board of Directors of
AMI. AMI acknowledges and agrees that the services to be provided by III
hereunder do not encompass services that would be required in connection with an
acquisition, restructuring or initial public offering by AMI, or a private sale
of the stock or assets of AMI. Should AMI desire to engage III to provide
financial advisory services in connection with any such type of transaction,
such engagement shall be subject to the negotiation of mutually acceptable fee
arrangements for such additional services, albeit the indemnification
obligations of AMI as set forth in paragraph 6 of this Agreement shall apply to
any such additional services performed by III.

                                                                               1

<PAGE>

          3.  Fees. In consideration of III's performance of the above-described
services, AMI shall pay to III, in cash, consulting services fees at the rate of
$4,000,000 for the first year of the Term and $500,000 per year for the
remaining duration of the Term (collectively, the "Fee"). It is recognized that
the services provided under this Agreement will not be evenly distributed over
time and that a significant portion of such services will be performed early in
the period of time covered by this Agreement. It is also recognized that,
subject to the terms of this Agreement, AMI is committed to pay the full amount
payable hereunder, and the Fee, once paid, is non-refundable. The full amount of
the Fee for the entire Term shall be paid on the Effective Date.

          4.  Reimbursements. Within 15 calendar days of delivery of III's
invoice, AMI shall reimburse III for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with the performance of services pursuant to this
Agreement.

          5.  Permissible Activities. Nothing herein shall in any way preclude
III from engaging in any business activities or from performing services for its
own account or for the account of others.

          6.  Indemnification. AMI shall indemnify and hold harmless III and its
directors, officers, employees, agents and controlling persons (each being an
"Indemnified Party") from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and
liabilities, joint or several, to which such Indemnified Party may become
subject under any applicable federal or state law, or otherwise, relating to or
arising out of the management, strategic planning and consulting services
contemplated by, this Agreement. AMI shall reimburse any Indemnified Party for
all costs and expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) incurred
in connection with the investigation of, preparation for or defense of any
pending or threatened claim or any action or proceeding arising therefrom,
whether or not such Indemnified Party is a party. AMI shall not be liable under
the foregoing indemnification provision to the extent that any loss, claim,
damage, liability or expense is found in a final judgment by a court of
competent jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from the bad faith or gross
negligence of III.

          7.  Amendments. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this
Agreement, or consent to any departure by either party from any such provision,
shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed
by the parties to this Agreement and then such amendment, waiver or consent
shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose
for which given.

                                                                               2
<PAGE>

          8.  Notices. Any and all notices hereunder shall, in the absence of
receipted hand delivery, be deemed duly given when mailed, if the same shall be
sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, and the mailing
date shall be deemed the date from which all time periods pertaining to a date
of notice shall run. Notices shall be addressed to the parties at the following
addresses:

              If to III, to:

              Investcorp International Inc.
              280 Park Avenue
              36th Floor
              New York, New York  10017
              Attention:  President

              with a copy to:

              Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
              200 Park Avenue
              New York, New York 10166
              Attention:  David B. Rosenauer, Esq.


              If to AMI, to:

              Associated Materials Incorporated
              3773 State Road
              Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio 44233


          9.  Entire Agreement. This Agreement shall constitute the entire
agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and
shall supersede all previous oral and written (and all contemporaneous oral)
negotiations, commitments, agreements and understandings relating hereto.

          10. Assignment. This Agreement shall be assignable by either party
hereto provided that the non-assigning party consents in writing to such
assignment.

          11. Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in
accordance with the laws of New York (without regard to the conflicts of laws
provisions thereof or of any other jurisdiction) and shall inure to the benefit
of, and be binding upon, III and AMI and their respective successors and
assigns.

          12. No Continuing Waiver. The waiver by any party of any breach of
this Agreement shall not operate or be construed to be a waiver of any
subsequent breach.

                                                                               3
<PAGE>

          13. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument

                                                                               4
<PAGE>


          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused this Agreement for
Management Advisory, Strategic Planning and Consulting Services to be executed
and delivered by its duly authorized officer or agent as set forth below.

                                                INVESTCORP INTERNATIONAL INC.


                                                By:
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                Name:
                                                Title:



                                                ASSOCIATED MATERIALS
                                                INCORPORATED



                                                By:
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                Name:
                                                Title:

                                       5

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>exh10-9.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCING ADVISORY AGRMT
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.9




                      FINANCING ADVISORY SERVICES AGREEMENT

          This Agreement is made effective as of the 22nd day of December, 2004,
by and between Investcorp International Inc., a Delaware corporation ("III") and
Associated Materials Incorporated, a Delaware corporation ("AMI").

          WHEREAS, pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement by and among AM
Holding Limited, AM Equity Limited, AM Investments Limited, Associated Equity
Limited, and Associated Investments Limited, as purchasers (the "Purchasers"),
the holders listed on Schedule 1 of such Stock Purchase Agreement, as sellers
(the "Sellers"), and AMH Holdings, Inc. (the "Company"), The Purchasers are
purchasing the stock of the Company from the Sellers (the "Purchase");

          WHEREAS, AMI intends to arrange borrowing facilities with one or more
financial institutions unaffiliated with III in the aggregate amount of
approximately $[243 million] (the "Financing");

          WHEREAS, III and its officers, employees, agents and affiliates are
experienced in the field of obtaining debt financing and are willing to act as a
financial advisor to AMI; and

          WHEREAS, AMI is desirous to avail itself of the assistance and
expertise of III in arranging the Financing;

          NOW, THEREFORE, the parties do hereby agree as follows:

          1.  Services of III. III shall assist AMI in arranging the Financing.
In connection therewith, III may, solely in its discretion and on behalf of AMI:

              (a) seek out financial institutions that may provide the
          Financing;

              (b) enter into negotiations with banks and other financial
          institutions regarding the terms and conditions upon which the
          Financing is to be provided;

              (c) advise, conduct and participate in the negotiation and
          drafting of any agreements, contracts, or other documents relating to
          the placement of the Financing; and

                                                                               1
<PAGE>

              (d) take all such other actions as it may deem necessary to
          arrange for the Financing.

          2.  Fees. In consideration of the services contemplated by Section 1
hereof, AMI shall pay to III a fee in the amount of $7,500,000, payable on the
closing of the Purchase.

          3.  Reimbursement. AMI shall pay reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by III in connection with the performance of III's services under this
Agreement, including, but not limited to, fees and disbursements of III's legal
counsel.

          4.  Cooperation and Information. AMI shall cooperate with III in the
performance of its obligations hereunder and shall furnish III with such
information as III may request (all such information so furnished hereinafter
referred to as the "Information"). AMI recognizes and confirms that III:

              (a) will use and rely primarily on the Information and on
          information available from generally recognized public sources in
          performing the services contemplated by this Agreement without having
          independently verified the same;

              (b) does not assume responsibility for the accuracy or
          completeness of the Information; and

              (c) will not make an appraisal of any of the assets of AMI.

All Information so furnished to III will be kept confidential by III, except
such Information as is in the public domain or as AMI agrees may be disclosed or
as III is required by law to disclose; provided, however, that III may provide
such Information as it deems necessary or appropriate to financial institutions
in connection with obtaining, negotiating or arranging the Financing in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

          5.  Termination. Subject to the provisions of Paragraph 6 hereof,
which shall survive any termination of this Agreement, this Agreement shall
terminate on the earlier of the day after the consummation of the Purchase and
June 23, 2005, unless extended by the parties' mutual consent.

                                                                               2
<PAGE>

          6.  Indemnification. AMI shall:

              (a)  indemnify III and hold it harmless against any losses,
          claims, damages or liabilities to which III may become subject arising
          in any manner out of or in connection with the rendering of services
          by III hereunder, unless it is finally judicially determined that such
          losses, claims, damages or liabilities arose primarily out of the
          gross negligence or bad faith of III; and

              (b)  reimburse III immediately for any legal or other expenses
          reasonably incurred by it in connection with investigating, preparing
          to defend or defending any lawsuits or other proceedings arising in
          any manner out of or in connection with the rendering of services by
          III hereunder; provided, however, that in the event a final judicial
          determination is made that the alleged losses, claims, damages or
          liabilities arose primarily out of the gross negligence or bad faith
          of III, III will remit to AMI any amounts reimbursed under this
          subparagraph 6(b). AMI agrees that (i) the indemnification and
          reimbursement commitments set forth in this paragraph shall apply
          whether or not III is a formal party to any such lawsuits, claims or
          other proceedings, (ii) III is entitled to retain separate counsel of
          its choice at the expense of AMI in connection with any of the matters
          to which such commitments relate, and (iii) such commitments shall
          extend upon the terms set forth in this paragraph to any controlling
          person, director, officer, employee or agent of III; provided,
          however, that to the extent that III retains separate counsel in
          connection with any matters set forth in this subparagraph 6(b), such
          counsel shall coordinate its efforts with counsel to AMI.

          7.  Amendments. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this
Agreement, or consent to any departure by either party from any such provision,
shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the parties
to this Agreement and then such amendment, waiver or consent shall be effective
only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given.

          8.  Notices. All notices hereunder shall, in the absence of receipted
hand delivery, be deemed duly given when

                                                                               3
<PAGE>

mailed, if the same shall be sent by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, and the mailing date shall be deemed the date from which all
time periods pertaining to a date of notice shall run. Notices shall be
addressed to the parties at the following addresses:

          If to III, to:

          Investcorp International Inc.
          280 Park Avenue
          36th Floor
          New York, New York  10017
          Attention:  President

          with a copy to:

          Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
          200 Park Avenue
          New York, New York 10166
          Attention:  David B. Rosenauer, Esq.

          If to AMI, to:

          Associated Materials Incorporated
          3773 State Road
          Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio 44233


          9.  Entire Agreement. This Agreement shall constitute the entire
Agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and
shall supersede all previous oral and written (and all contemporaneous oral)
negotiations, commitments, agreements and understandings relating thereto.

          10. Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without regard to the
conflicts of laws provisions thereof or of any other jurisdiction) and shall
inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, III and AMI and their respective
successors and assigns.

          11. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument

                                                                               4
<PAGE>

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused this Financing
Advisory Services Agreement to be executed and delivered by its duly authorized
officer or agent as set forth below.



                                                INVESTCORP INTERNATIONAL INC.



                                                By:
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                   Name:
                                                   Title:
                                                   Date:


                                                ASSOCIATED MATERIALS
                                                INCORPORATED


                                                By:
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                   Name:
                                                   Title:
                                                   Date:

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>exh10-10.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONFIRMATION LETTER
<TEXT>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.10


                        ASSOCIATED MATERIALS INCORPORATED
                                 3773 State Road
                           Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio 44233




                                December 5, 2004



Investcorp International Inc.
280 Park Avenue
36th Floor
New York, New York  10017

     Re:  M&A Advisory Services Agreement

Dear Sirs:

     This will confirm the understanding and agreement (the "Agreement") between
Investcorp International, Inc. ("III") and Associated Materials Incorporated
("AMI").

     1.   AMI hereby engages III to render advisory services concerning the
proposed acquisition of a portion of the business assets of AMI through the
acquisition of 50% of the outstanding equity of AMH Holdings, Inc. (the
"Acquisition").

     2.   III hereby accepts the engagement and, in that connection, agrees to:

          (a)  conduct such financial review of AMI and its business and
               operations as III shall deem appropriate and feasible, which
               review shall be limited to an analysis of (i) publicly available
               information with respect to AMI, and (ii) such other information
               as shall be supplied to III by AMI;

          (b)  assist in negotiations and related acquisition strategy; and

          (c)  advise with respect to executive compensation matters regarding
               the executives of AMI.

     3.   For purposes of this Agreement, "Acquisition" shall mean any
transaction or series or combination of transactions, other than in the ordinary
course of business, whereby, directly or indirectly, control of or a material
interest in AMI or its business or assets is transferred to any combination of
AM Holding Limited, AM Equity Limited, AM Investments Limited, Associated Equity
Limited, and Associated Investments Limited (the "Purchasers") for

                                       1
<PAGE>
consideration, including, without limitation, a sale or exchange of capital
stock or assets, a lease of assets with or without a purchase option, a merger
or consolidation, a tender or exchange offer, a leveraged buy-out, the formation
of a joint venture or partnership, or any similar transaction.

     4.   The term of III's engagement hereunder shall extend from the date
hereof through the earlier of June 23, 2005 and the closing of the Acquisition.
Subject to the provisions of paragraphs 5 through 10 hereof, which shall survive
any termination of this Agreement (including by operation of the preceding
sentence), AMI may terminate III's engagement hereunder at any time by giving
III at least 10 days prior written notice.

     5.   If the Acquisition (as defined in paragraph 3 above) occurs during the
term of III's engagement hereunder, or at any time during a period of 12 months
following the effective date of termination of III's engagement hereunder,
regardless of whether or not III rendered advice concerning the acquisition,
then AMI shall pay the sum of $1,500,000 to III at the closing of the
Acquisition (which amount is equal to approximately 1 percent of the anticipated
$150 million total transaction amount with respect to the Purchasers).

     6.   AMI shall reimburse III for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred during the period of its engagement hereunder with respect to the
services to be rendered by it. Out-of-pocket expenses shall include, but shall
not be limited to, professional fees and disbursements incurred by III.

     7.   AMI shall:

          (a)  indemnify III and hold it harmless against any losses, claims,
               damages or liabilities to which III may become subject arising in
               any manner out of or in connection with the rendering of services
               by III hereunder, unless it is finally judicially determined that
               such losses, claims, damages or liabilities arose primarily out
               of the gross negligence or bad faith of III; and

          (b)  reimburse III immediately for any legal or other expenses
               reasonably incurred by it in connection with investigating,
               preparing to defend or defending any lawsuits or other
               proceedings arising in any manner out of or in connection with
               the rendering of services by III hereunder; provided, however,
               that in the event a final judicial determination is that the
               alleged losses, claims, damages or liabilities arose primarily
               out of the gross negligence or bad faith of III, III will remit
               to AMI any amounts reimbursed under this subparagraph 7(b). AMI
               agrees that (i) the indemnification and reimbursement commitments
               set forth in this paragraph shall apply whether or not III is a
               formal party to any such lawsuits, claims or other proceedings,
               (ii) III is entitled to retain separate counsel of its choice in
               connection with any of the matters to which such commitments
               relate, and (iii) such commitments shall extend upon the terms
               set forth in this paragraph to any controlling person, director,

                                       2
<PAGE>
               officer, employee or agent of III; provided, however, that to the
               extent that III retains separate counsel in connection with any
               matter set forth in this subparagraph 7(b), such counsel shall
               coordinate its efforts with counsel to AMI.

     8.   Except as contemplated by the terms hereof or as required by
applicable law, III shall keep confidential all material non-public information
provided to it by AMI and shall not disclose such information to any third
party, other than such of its employees and advisors as III determines to have a
need to know.

     9.   Except as required (i) by applicable law or (ii) under the terms of
any agreement relating to the Acquisition, any advice to be provided by III
under this Agreement shall not be disclosed publicly or made available to third
parties without the prior approval of III, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed.

     10.  AMI and III acknowledge and agree that there are no brokers,
representatives or other persons which have an interest in compensation due to
III from any transaction contemplated herein.

     11.  No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, or consent
to any departure by either party from any such provision, shall in any event be
effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the parties to this
Agreement and then such amendment, waiver or consent shall be effective only in
the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given.

     12.  Any and all notices hereunder shall, in the absence of receipted hand
delivery, be deemed duly given when mailed, if the same shall be sent by
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, and the mailing date
shall be deemed the date from which all time periods pertaining to a date of
notice shall run. Notices shall be addressed to the parties at the following
addresses:

          If to III, to:

          Investcorp International Inc.
          280 Park Avenue, 36th Floor
          New York, New York  10017
          Attention:  President

          with a copy to:

          Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
          200 Park Avenue
          New York, New York 10166
          Attention:  David B. Rosenauer, Esq.

                                       3
<PAGE>
          If to AMI, to:

          Associated Materials Incorporated
          3773 State Road
          Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio 44233

     13.  This letter agreement may be signed in one or more counterparts, each
of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute
one and the same agreement.

     14.  This letter agreement shall constitute the entire agreement between
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall supersede all
previous oral and written (and all contemporaneous oral) negotiations,
commitments, agreements and understandings relating thereto.

     15.  This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the
laws of New York and shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, III and
AMI and their respective successors and assigns.

     16.  The waiver by any party of any breach of this Agreement shall not
operate or be construed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach.

                                       4
<PAGE>
     If the foregoing correctly sets forth the Agreement between III and AMI,
please so indicate in the space provided for that purpose below, whereupon this
letter shall constitute a binding agreement as of the date first above written.

                                             ASSOCIATED MATERIALS
                                             INCORPORATED


                                             By:
                                                --------------------------------
                                                Name:  D. Keith LaVanway
                                                Title: Chief Executive Officer
                                                Date:  December 5, 2004

                                             AGREED:

                                             INVESTCORP INTERNATIONAL INC.


                                             By:
                                                --------------------------------
                                                Name:  James Egan
                                                Title: Vice President
                                                Date:  December 5, 2004


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>exh10-11.txt
<DESCRIPTION>STOCK OPTION PLAN
<TEXT>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.11




                              AMH HOLDINGS II, INC.

                             2004 Stock Option Plan
                             ----------------------


     1.   Purposes. The purposes of the AMH Holdings II, Inc. 2004 Stock Option
Plan are:

          (a)  To further the growth, development and success of the Company and
its Affiliates by enabling the executive and other employees and directors of,
and consultants to, the Company and its Affiliates to acquire a continuing
equity interest in the Company, thereby increasing their personal interests in
such growth, development and success and motivating such employees, directors
and consultants to exert their best efforts on behalf of the Company and its
Affiliates; and

          (b)  To maintain the ability of the Company and its Affiliates to
attract and retain employees, directors and consultants of outstanding ability
by offering them an opportunity to acquire a continuing equity interest in the
Company and its Affiliates which will reflect the growth, development and
success of the Company and its Affiliates.

Toward these objectives, the Committee may grant Options to such employees,
directors and consultants, all pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Plan.


     2.   Definitions. As used in the Plan, the following capitalized terms
shall have the meanings set forth below:

          (a)  "Affiliate" - other than the Company, (i) any corporation or
limited liability company in an unbroken chain of corporations or limited
liability companies ending with the Company if each corporation or limited
liability company owns stock or membership interests (as applicable) possessing
more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of all classes
of stock in one of the other corporations or limited liability companies in such
chain; (ii) any corporation, trade or business (including, without limitation, a
partnership or limited liability company) which is more than fifty percent (50%)
controlled (whether by ownership of stock, assets or an equivalent ownership
interest or voting interest) by the Company or one of its Affiliates; or (iii)
any other entity, approved by the Committee as an Affiliate under the Plan, in
which the Company or any of its Affiliates has a material equity interest.

          (b)  "Agreement" - a written stock option award agreement evidencing
an Option, as described in Section 3(e), substantially in the form of Exhibit A
hereto.

          (c)  "Board" - the Board of Directors of the Company.

          (d)  "Change in Control" shall mean (i) a stock sale, merger,
consolidation, combination, reorganization or other transaction involving the
Company resulting in less than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power
of the surviving or resulting entity being owned by the shareholders of the
Company immediately prior to such transaction or (ii) the sale

<PAGE>

or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets or
business of the Company.

          (e)  "Code" - the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as it may be amended
from time to time, including regulations and rules thereunder and successor
provisions and regulations and rules thereto.

          (f)  "Committee" - the Compensation Committee of the Board, or such
other Board committee as may be designated by the Board to administer the Plan.

          (g)  "Common Stock" - the Series B (Non-Voting) Common Stock, $0.01
par value per share, of the Company.

          (h)  "Company" - AMH Holdings II, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any
successor entity.

          (i)  "Disability" - the meaning given the term "total disability" in
the Company's long-term disability plan, or, in the absence thereof, an
inability to perform duties and services as an employee, director or consultant,
as the case may be, of the Company or an Affiliate by reason of a medically
determinable physical or mental impairment, supported by medical evidence, which
can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to
last for a continuous period of not less than six (6) months, as determined by
the Committee in its good faith discretion; provided, however, that for purposes
of Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan, "Disability" shall mean
"permanent and total disability" as set forth in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code
which is defined as an inability to perform the duties and services as an
employee of the Company by reason of a medically determinable physical or mental
impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can
be expected to last for at least a continuous twelve (12)-month period.

          (j)  "Fair Market Value" - of a share of Common Stock as of a given
date shall be: (i) the mean of the highest and lowest reported sale prices for a
share of Common Stock, on the principal exchange on which the Common Stock is
then listed or admitted to trading, for such date, or, if no such prices are
reported for such date, the most recent day for which such prices are available
shall be used; (ii) if the Common Stock is not then listed or admitted to
trading on a stock exchange, the mean of the closing representative bid and
asked prices for the Common Stock on such date as reported by Nasdaq National
Market (or any successor or similar quotation system regularly reporting the
market value of the Common Stock in the over-the-counter market), or, if no such
prices are reported for such date, the most recent day for which such prices are
available shall be used; or (iii) in the event neither of the valuation methods
provided for in clauses (i) and (ii) above are practicable, the fair market
value shall be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors utilizing such
reasonable valuation methods as the Board of Directors shall, in its discretion,
select and apply in good faith as of the given date; provided, however, that for
purposes of paragraphs (a) and (h) of Section 6, such fair market value shall be
determined subject to Section 422(c)(7) of the Code.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

          (k)  "ISO" or "Incentive Stock Option" - a right to purchase Common
Stock granted to an Optionee under the Plan in accordance with the terms and
conditions set forth in Section 6 and which conforms to the applicable
provisions of Section 422 of the Code.

          (l)  "Notice" - written notice actually received by the Company at its
executive offices on the day of such receipt, if received on or before 1:30
p.m., on a day when the Company's executive offices are open for business, or,
if received after such time, such notice shall be deemed received on the next
such day, which notice may be delivered in person to the Company's Assistant
Treasurer at the Company's address indicated on the Agreement, with copies to be
provided as set forth herein.

          (m)  "Option" - a right to purchase Common Stock granted to an
Optionee under the Plan in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in
Section 6. Options may be either ISOs or stock options other than ISOs.

          (n)  "Optionee" - an individual who is eligible, pursuant to
Section 5, and who has been selected, pursuant to Section 3(c), to participate
in the Plan, and who holds an outstanding Option granted to such individual
under the Plan in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in Section
6.

          (o)  "Plan" - this AMH Holdings II, Inc. 2004 Stock Option Plan.

          (p)  "Securities Act" - the Securities Act of 1933, as it may be
amended from time to time, including the regulations and rules promulgated
thereunder and successor provisions and regulations and rules thereto.

          (q)  "Subsidiary" - any present or future corporation which is or
would be a "subsidiary corporation" of the Company as the term is defined in
Section 424(f) of the Code.

     3.   Administration of the Plan. (a) The Committee shall have exclusive
authority to operate, manage and administer the Plan in accordance with its
terms and conditions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in its absolute discretion,
the Board may at any time and from time to time exercise any and all rights,
duties and responsibilities of the Committee under the Plan, including, but not
limited to, establishing procedures to be followed by the Committee, except with
respect to matters which under any applicable law, regulation or rule, are
required to be determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. If and to the
extent that no Committee exists which has the authority to administer the Plan,
the functions of the Committee shall be exercised by the Board.

          (b)  The Committee shall be appointed from time to time by the Board,
and the Committee shall consist of not less than two members of the Board.
Appointment of Committee members shall be effective upon their acceptance of
such appointment. Committee members may be removed by the Board at any time
either with or without cause, and such members may resign at any time by
delivering notice thereof to the Board. Any vacancy on the Committee, whether
due to action of the Board or any other reason, shall be filled by the Board.

          (c)  The Committee shall have full authority to grant, pursuant to the
terms of the Plan, Options to those individuals who are eligible to receive
Options under the Plan. In

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

particular, the Committee shall have discretionary authority, in accordance with
the terms of the Plan, to: determine eligibility for participation in the Plan;
select, from time to time, from among those eligible, the employees, directors
and consultants to whom Options shall be granted under the Plan, which selection
may be based upon information furnished to the Committee by the Company's or an
Affiliate's management; determine whether an Option shall take the form of an
ISO or an Option other than an ISO; determine the number of shares of Common
Stock to be included in any Option, and the periods for which Options will be
outstanding; establish and administer any terms, conditions, performance
criteria, restrictions, limitations, forfeiture, vesting or exercise schedule,
and other provisions of or relating to any Option; grant waivers of terms,
conditions, restrictions and limitations under the Plan or applicable to any
Option, or accelerate the vesting or exercisability of any Option; amend or
adjust, in accordance with the last paragraph in Section 13, the terms and
conditions of any outstanding Option and/or adjust the number and/or class of
shares of Common Stock subject to any outstanding Option; at any time and from
time to time after the granting of an Option, specify such additional terms,
conditions and restrictions with respect to any such Option as may be deemed
necessary or appropriate to ensure compliance with any and all applicable laws
or rules, including, but not limited to, terms, restrictions and conditions for
compliance with applicable securities laws, regarding an Optionee's exercise of
Options by tendering shares of Common Stock or under any "cashless exercise"
program established by the Committee, and methods of withholding or providing
for the payment of required taxes; offer to buy out an Option previously
granted, based on such terms and conditions as the Committee shall establish
with and communicate to the Optionee at the time such offer is made; and, to the
extent permitted under the applicable Agreement, permit the transfer of an
Option or the exercise of an Option by one other than the Optionee who received
the grant of such Option (other than any such transfer or exercise which would
cause any ISO to fail to qualify as an "incentive stock option" under Section
422 of the Code).

          (d)  The Committee shall have all authority that may be necessary or
helpful to enable it to discharge its responsibilities with respect to the Plan.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence or Section 3(a), and
in addition to the powers otherwise expressly designated to the Committee in the
Plan, the Committee shall have the exclusive right and discretionary authority
to interpret the Plan and the Agreements; construe any ambiguous provision of
the Plan and/or the Agreements and decide all questions concerning eligibility
for and the amount of Options granted under the Plan. The Committee may
establish, amend, waive and/or rescind rules and regulations and administrative
guidelines for carrying out the Plan and may correct any errors, supply any
omissions or reconcile any inconsistencies in the Plan and/or any Agreement or
any other instrument relating to any Options. The Committee shall have the
authority to adopt such procedures and subplans and grant Options on such terms
and conditions as the Committee determines necessary or appropriate to permit
participation in the Plan by individuals otherwise eligible to so participate
who are foreign nationals or employed outside of the United States, or otherwise
to conform to applicable requirements or practices of jurisdictions outside of
the United States; and take any and all such other actions it deems necessary or
advisable for the proper operation and/or administration of the Plan. The
Committee shall have full discretionary authority in all matters related to the
discharge of its responsibilities and the exercise of its authority under the
Plan. Decisions and actions by the Committee with respect to the Plan and any
Agreement shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons having or
claiming to have any right or interest in or under the Plan and/or any
Agreement.

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

          (e)  Each Option shall be evidenced by an Agreement, which shall be
executed by the Company and the Optionee to whom such Option has been granted,
unless the Agreement provides otherwise; two or more Options granted to a single
Optionee may, however, be combined in a single Agreement. An Agreement shall not
be a precondition to the granting of an Option; no person shall have any rights
under any Option, however, unless and until the Optionee to whom the Option
shall have been granted (i) shall have executed and delivered to the Company an
Agreement, and (ii) has otherwise complied with the applicable terms and
conditions of the Option and Agreement. The Committee shall prescribe the form
of all Agreements, and, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, shall
determine the content of all Agreements. Any Agreement may be supplemented or
amended in writing from time to time as approved by the Committee in accordance
with the last paragraph of Section 13; provided that the terms and conditions of
any such Agreement as supplemented or amended are not inconsistent with the
provisions of the Plan.

          (f)  A majority of the members of the entire Committee shall
constitute a quorum and the actions of a majority of the members of the
Committee in attendance at a meeting at which a quorum is present, or actions by
a written instrument signed by all members of the Committee, shall be the
actions of the Committee.

          (g)  The Committee may consult with counsel who may be counsel to the
Company. The Committee may, with the approval of the Board, employ such other
attorneys and/or consultants, accountants, appraisers, brokers and other persons
as it deems necessary or appropriate. In accordance with Section 12, the
Committee shall not incur any liability for any action taken in good faith in
reliance upon the advice of such counsel or other persons.

          (h)  In serving on the Committee, the members thereof shall be
entitled to indemnification as directors of the Company, and to any limitation
of liability and reimbursement as directors with respect to their services as
members of the Committee.

          (i)  Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law or the
applicable rules of a stock exchange, the Committee may, in its discretion,
allocate all or any portion of its responsibilities and powers under this
Section 3 to any one or more of its members and/or delegate all or any part of
its responsibilities and powers under this Section 3 to any person or persons
selected by it; provided, however, that the Committee may not delegate its
authority to correct errors, omissions or inconsistencies in the Plan. Any such
authority delegated or allocated by the Committee under this paragraph (i) of
Section 3 shall be exercised in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
Plan and any rules, regulations or administrative guidelines that may from time
to time be established by the Committee, and any such allocation or delegation
may be revoked by the Committee at any time.

     4.   Shares of Common Stock Subject to the Plan. (a) The shares of stock
subject to Options granted under the Plan shall be shares of Common Stock. Such
shares of Common Stock subject to the Plan may be either authorized and unissued
shares (which will not be subject to preemptive rights) or previously issued
shares acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary. The total number of shares of
Common Stock that may be delivered pursuant to Options granted under the Plan is
469,782 shares of Common Stock; provided, however, that the number of shares of
Common Stock covered by Options granted to an Optionee in any one year pursuant
to the Plan

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

shall in no event exceed 234,891 shares. Any or all of such shares of Common
Stock may be delivered pursuant to ISOs.

          (b)  Notwithstanding any of the foregoing limitations set forth in
this Section 4, the number of shares of Common Stock specified in this Section 4
shall be adjusted as provided in Section 10.

          (c)  Any shares of Common Stock subject to an Option which for any
reason expires or is terminated or forfeited without having been fully exercised
may again be granted pursuant to an Option under the Plan, subject to the
limitations of this Section 4.

          (d)  Any shares of Common Stock delivered under the Plan in assumption
or substitution of outstanding stock options, or obligations to grant future
stock options, under plans or arrangements of an entity other than the Company
or an Affiliate in connection with the Company or an Affiliate acquiring such
another entity, or an interest in such an entity, or a transaction otherwise
described in Section 6(j), shall not reduce the maximum number of shares of
Common Stock available for delivery under the Plan; provided, however, that the
maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be delivered pursuant to
Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan shall be the number of shares set
forth in paragraph (a) of this Section 4, as adjusted pursuant to paragraph (b)
of this Section 4.

     5.   Eligibility. Executive employees and other employees, including
officers, of the Company and the Affiliates, directors (whether or not also
employees), and consultants of the Company and the Affiliates, shall be eligible
to become Optionees and receive Options in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the Plan, subject to the limitations on the granting of ISOs set
forth in Section 6(h).

     6.   Terms and Conditions of Stock Options. All Options to purchase Common
Stock granted under the Plan shall be either ISOs or Options other than ISOs. To
the extent that any Option does not qualify as an ISO (whether because of its
provisions or the time or manner of its exercise or otherwise), such Option, or
the portion thereof which does not so qualify, shall constitute a separate
Option other than an ISO. Each Option shall be subject to all the applicable
provisions of the Plan, including the following terms and conditions, and to
such other terms and conditions not inconsistent therewith as the Committee
shall determine and which are set forth in the applicable Agreement. Options
need not be uniform as to all grants and recipients thereof.

          (a)  The option exercise price per share of shares of Common Stock
subject to each Option shall be determined by the Committee and stated in the
Agreement; provided, however, that such option exercise price shall not be less
than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common
Stock subject to such Option at the time that the Option is granted.

          (b)  Each Option shall be exercisable in whole or in such
installments, at such times and under such conditions, as may be determined by
the Committee in its discretion in accordance with the Plan and stated in the
Agreement, and, in any event, over a period of time ending not later than ten
(10) years from the date such Option was granted, subject to paragraph (h)(C) of
this Section 6.

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

          (c)  An Option shall not be exercisable with respect to a fractional
share of Common Stock or the lesser of one hundred (100) shares and the full
number of shares of Common Stock then subject to the Option. No fractional
shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon the exercise of an Option.

          (d)  Each Option may be exercised by giving Notice to the Company
specifying the number and type of shares of Common Stock to be purchased, which
shall be accompanied by payment in full including applicable taxes, if any, in
accordance with Section 9. Payment shall be in any manner permitted by
applicable law and prescribed by the Committee, in its discretion, and set forth
in the Agreement, including, in the Committee's discretion, and subject to such
terms, conditions and limitations as the Committee may prescribe, payment in
accordance with a "cashless exercise" program (through broker accommodation)
established by the Committee and/or in Common Stock owned by the Optionee or by
the Optionee and his or her spouse jointly.

          (e)  No Optionee or other person shall become the beneficial owner of
any shares of Common Stock subject to an Option, nor have any rights to
dividends or other rights of a shareholder with respect to any such shares until
he or she has exercised his or her Option in accordance with the provisions of
the Plan and the applicable Agreement.

          (f)  An Option may be exercised only if at all times during the period
beginning with the date of the granting of the Option and ending on the date of
such exercise, the Optionee was an employee, director or consultant of the
Company or an Affiliate, as applicable. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence,
the Committee may determine in its discretion that an Option may be exercised
prior to expiration of such Option following termination of such continuous
employment, directorship or consultancy, whether or not exercisable at the time
of such termination, to the extent provided in the applicable Agreement.

          (g)  Subject to the terms and conditions and within the limitations of
the Plan, the Committee may modify, extend or renew outstanding Options granted
under the Plan, or accept the surrender of outstanding Options (up to the extent
not theretofore exercised) and authorize the granting of new Options in
substitution therefor (to the extent not theretofore exercised).

          (h)  (A) Each Agreement relating to an Option shall state whether such
Option will or will not be treated as an ISO. No ISO shall be granted unless
such Option, when granted, qualifies as an "incentive stock option" under
Section 422 of the Code. No ISO shall be granted to any individual otherwise
eligible to participate in the Plan who is not an employee of the Company or a
Subsidiary on the date of granting of such Option. Any ISO granted under the
Plan shall contain such terms and conditions, consistent with the Plan, as the
Committee may determine to be necessary to qualify such Option as an "incentive
stock option" under Section 422 of the Code. Any ISO granted under the Plan may
be modified by the Committee to disqualify such Option from treatment as an
"incentive stock option" under Section 422 of the Code.

               (B) Notwithstanding any intent to grant ISOs, an Option granted
          under the Plan will not be considered an ISO to the extent that it,
          together with any other

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

          "incentive stock options" (within the meaning of Section 422 of the
          Code, but without regard to subsection (d) of such Section) under
          the Plan and any other "incentive stock option" plans of the Company,
          any Subsidiary and any "parent corporation" of the Company within the
          meaning of Section 424(e) of the Code, are exercisable for the first
          time by any Optionee during any calendar year with respect to Common
          Stock having an aggregate Fair Market Value in excess of $100,000 (or
          such other limit as may be required by the Code) as of the time the
          Option with respect to such Common Stock is granted. The rule set
          forth in the preceding sentence shall be applied by taking Options
          into account in the order in which they were granted.

               (C) No ISO shall be granted to an individual otherwise eligible
          to participate in the Plan who owns (within the meaning of Section
          424(d) of the Code), at the time the Option is granted, more than ten
          percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of
          stock of the Company or a Subsidiary or any "parent corporation" of
          the Company within the meaning of Section 424(e) of the Code. This
          restriction does not apply if at the time such ISO is granted the
          option exercise price per share of Common Stock subject to the Option
          is at least 110% of the Fair Market Value of a share of such Common
          Stock on the date such ISO is granted, and the ISO by its terms is not
          exercisable after the expiration of five years from such date of
          grant.

          (i)  The Committee may determine and reflect in the Agreement
applicable to any Option the nature and extent of any restrictions to be imposed
on the shares of Common Stock which may be purchased thereunder, including, but
not limited to, restrictions on the transferability of such shares acquired
through the exercise of such Option for such period as the Committee may
determine and, further, that in the event an Optionee's employment by the
Company or an Affiliate terminates or any conditions prescribed by the Committee
and set forth in such Agreement fail to be satisfied during the period in which
such shares are nontransferable, the Optionee shall be required to sell such
shares back to the Company at such prices as the Committee may specify in such
Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, an Option and any shares of Common
Stock received upon the exercise of an Option shall be subject to such other
transfer and/or ownership restrictions and/or legending requirements as the
Committee may establish in its discretion and which are specified in the
Agreement and may be referred to on the certificates evidencing such shares of
Common Stock. The Committee may require an Optionee to give prompt Notice to the
Company concerning any disposition of shares of Common Stock received upon the
exercise of an ISO within: (i) two (2) years from the date of granting such ISO
to such Optionee or (ii) one (1) year from the transfer of such shares of Common
Stock to such Optionee or (iii) such other period as the Committee may from time
to time determine. The Committee may direct that an Optionee with respect to an
ISO undertake in the applicable Agreement to give such Notice described in the
preceding sentence, at such time and containing such information as the
Committee may prescribe, and/or that the certificates evidencing shares of
Common Stock acquired by exercise of an ISO refer to such requirement to give
such Notice.

          (j)  In the event that a transaction described in Section 424(a) of
the Code involving the Company or a Subsidiary is consummated, such as the
acquisition of property or stock from an unrelated corporation, individuals who
become eligible to participate in the Plan in

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

connection with such transaction, as determined by the Committee, may be granted
Options in substitution for options granted by another corporation that is a
party to such transaction. If such substitute Options are granted, the
Committee, in its discretion and consistent with Section 424(a) of the Code, if
applicable, and the terms of the Plan, though notwithstanding paragraph (a) of
this Section 6, shall determine the option exercise price and other terms and
conditions of such substitute Options.

     7.   Transfer, Leave of Absence. A transfer of an employee from the Company
to an Affiliate (or, for purposes of any ISO granted under the Plan, a
Subsidiary), or vice versa, or from one Affiliate to another (or in the case of
an ISO, from one Subsidiary to another), and a leave of absence, duly authorized
in writing by the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate, shall not be deemed a
termination of employment of the employee for purposes of the Plan or with
respect to any Option (in the case of ISOs, to the extent permitted by the
Code).

     8.   Rights of Employees and Other Persons. (a) No person shall have any
rights or claims under the Plan except in accordance with the provisions of the
Plan and the applicable Agreement.

          (b)  Nothing contained in the Plan or in any Agreement shall be deemed
to (i) give any employee or director the right to be retained in the service of
the Company or any Affiliate nor restrict in any way the right of the Company or
any Affiliate to terminate any employee's employment or any director's
directorship at any time with or without cause or (ii) confer on any consultant
any right of continued relationship with the Company or any Affiliate, or alter
any relationship between them, including any right of the Company or an
Affiliate to terminate its relationship with such consultant.

          (c)  The adoption of the Plan shall not be deemed to give any employee
of the Company or any Affiliate or any other person any right to be selected to
participate in the Plan or to be granted an Option.

          (d)  Nothing contained in the Plan or in any Agreement shall be deemed
to give any employee the right to receive any bonus, whether payable in cash or
in Common Stock, or in any combination thereof, from the Company or any
Affiliate, nor be construed as limiting in any way the right of the Company or
any Affiliate to determine, in its sole discretion, whether or not it shall pay
any employee bonuses, and, if so paid, the amount thereof and the manner of such
payment.

     9.   Tax Withholding Obligations. (a) The Company and/or any Affiliate are
authorized to take whatever actions are necessary and proper to satisfy all
obligations of Optionees (including, for purposes of this Section 9, any other
person entitled to exercise an Option pursuant to the Plan or an Agreement) for
the payment of all Federal, state, local and foreign taxes in connection with
any Options (including, but not limited to, actions pursuant to the following
paragraph (b) of this Section 9).

          (b)  Each Optionee shall (and in no event shall Common Stock be
delivered to such Optionee with respect to an Option until), no later than the
date as of which the value of the Option first becomes includible in the gross
income of the Optionee for income tax purposes, pay

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

to the Company in cash, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company, as
determined in the Committee's discretion, regarding payment to the Company of,
any taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to the Common
Stock or other property subject to such Option, and the Company and any
Affiliate shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any
such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to such Optionee.
Notwithstanding the above, the Committee may, in its discretion and pursuant to
procedures approved by the Committee, permit the Optionee to (i) elect
withholding by the Company of Common Stock otherwise deliverable to such
Optionee pursuant to his or her Option (provided, however, that the amount of
any Common Stock so withheld shall not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy
the Company's or any Affiliate's required Federal, state, local and foreign
withholding obligations using the minimum statutory withholding rates for
Federal, state and/or local tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are
applicable to supplemental taxable income) and/or (ii) tender to the Company
Common Stock owned by such Optionee (or by such Optionee and his or her spouse
jointly), and purchased or held for the requisite period of time as necessary to
avoid a charge to the Company's or any Affiliate's earnings for financial
reporting purposes, in full or partial satisfaction of such tax obligations,
based, in each case, on the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the payment
date as determined by the Committee.

     10.  Changes in Capital. (a) The existence of the Plan and any Options
granted hereunder shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Board or
the stockholders of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment,
recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Company's capital
structure or its business, any merger or consolidation of the Company or an
Affiliate, any issue of debt, preferred or prior preference stock ahead of or
affecting Common Stock, the authorization or issuance of additional shares of
Common Stock, the dissolution or liquidation of the Company or its Affiliates,
any sale or transfer of all or part of its assets or business or any other
corporate act or proceeding.

          (b)  (i) Upon changes in the outstanding Common Stock by reason of a
stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, subdivision, recapitalization,
reclassification, merger, consolidation (whether or not the Company is a
surviving corporation), combination or exchange of shares of Common Stock,
separation, or reorganization, or in the event of an extraordinary dividend,
"spin-off," liquidation, other substantial distribution of assets of the Company
or acquisition of property or stock or other change in capital of the Company,
or the issuance by the Company of shares of its capital stock without receipt of
full consideration therefor, or rights or securities exercisable, convertible or
exchangeable for shares of such capital stock, or any similar change affecting
the Company's capital structure, the aggregate number, class and kind of shares
of stock available under the Plan as to which Options may be granted and the
number, class and kind of shares under each outstanding Option and the exercise
price per share applicable to any such Options shall be appropriately adjusted
by the Committee in its discretion to preserve the benefits or potential
benefits intended to be made available under the Plan or with respect to any
outstanding Options or otherwise necessary to reflect any such change.

          (ii)   Without limiting the generality of Section 10(b)(i), in its
     discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, the
     Committee may provide, either by the terms of the Agreement applicable to
     any Option or by resolution adopted prior to the occurrence of a
     "spin-off," reorganization, partial liquidation, or other distribution of
     assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, that any outstanding Option shall
     be

                                      -10-
<PAGE>

     accelerated as described in Section 10(c)(1) or adjusted or converted as
     described in Section 10(c)(2) or (3) with respect to stock or other
     securities of any entity that is a party, direct or indirect, to such
     transaction.

          (iii)  Fractional shares of Common Stock resulting from any adjustment
     in Options pursuant to this Section 10(b) shall be aggregated until, and
     eliminated at, the time of exercise of the affected Options. Notice of any
     adjustment shall be given by the Committee to each Optionee whose Option
     has been adjusted and such adjustment (whether or not such Notice is given)
     shall be effective and binding for all purposes of the Plan.

          (c)  In the event of a Change of Control:

               (1) In its discretion and on such terms and conditions as it
     deems appropriate, the Committee may provide, either by the terms of the
     Agreement applicable to any Option or by a resolution adopted prior to the
     occurrence of the Change in Control, that any outstanding Option shall be
     accelerated and become immediately exercisable as to all or a portion of
     the shares of Common Stock covered thereby, notwithstanding anything to the
     contrary in the Plan or the Agreement.

               (2) In its discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it
     deems appropriate, the Committee may provide, either by the terms of the
     Agreement applicable to any Option or by resolution adopted prior to
     the occurrence of the Change in Control, that any outstanding Option shall
     be adjusted by substituting for each share of Common Stock subject to such
     Option immediately prior to the transaction resulting in the Change in
     Control the consideration (whether stock or other securities of the
     surviving corporation or any successor corporation to the Company, or a
     parent or subsidiary thereof, or that may be issuable by another
     corporation that is a party to the transaction resulting in the Change in
     Control, or other property) received in such transaction by holders of such
     Common Stock for each share of such Common Stock held on the closing or
     effective date of such transaction, in which event, the aggregate exercise
     price of the Option shall remain the same; provided, however, that if such
     consideration received in the transaction is not solely stock of a
     successor, surviving or other corporation, the Committee may provide for
     the consideration to be received upon exercise of the Option, for each
     share of Common Stock subject to the Option, to be solely stock of the
     successor, surviving or other corporation, as applicable, equal in fair
     market value, as determined by the Committee, to the per share
     consideration received by holders of such Common Stock in the Change in
     Control transaction.

               (3) In its discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it
     deems appropriate, the Committee may provide, either by the terms of the
     Agreement applicable to any Option or by resolution adopted prior to the
     occurrence of the Change in Control, that any outstanding Option shall
     be converted into a right to receive cash on or following the closing date
     or expiration date of the transaction resulting in the Change in Control in
     an amount equal to the value of the consideration to be received in
     connection with such transaction for one share of the Common Stock subject
     to such Option, less the per share

                                      -11-
<PAGE>

     exercise price of such Option, multiplied by the number of shares of
     Common Stock subject to such Option, or a portion thereof.

               (4) The Committee may, in its discretion, provide that an Option
     cannot be exercised after such a Change in Control, to the extent that such
     Option is or becomes fully exercisable on or before such Change in Control
     or is subject to any acceleration, adjustment or conversion in accordance
     with the foregoing paragraphs (1), (2) or (3) of this subsection 10(c).

No Optionee shall have any right to prevent the consummation of any of the
foregoing acts affecting the number of shares of Common Stock available to such
Optionee. Any actions or determinations of the Committee under this subsection
10(c) need not be uniform as to all outstanding Options, nor treat all Optionees
identically. Notwithstanding the foregoing adjustments, in no event may any
Option be exercised after ten (10) years from the date it was originally
granted, and any changes to ISOs pursuant to this Section 10 shall, unless the
Committee determines otherwise, only be effective to the extent such adjustments
or changes do not cause a "modification" (within the meaning of Section
424(h)(3) of the Code) of such ISOs or adversely affect the tax status of such
ISOs.


     11.  Miscellaneous Provisions. (a) The Plan shall be unfunded. The Company
shall not be required to establish any special or separate fund or to make any
other segregation of assets to assure the issuance of shares of Common Stock or
the payment of cash upon exercise or payment of any Option. Proceeds from the
sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Options granted under the Plan shall
constitute general funds of the Company.

          (b)  Except as otherwise provided in this paragraph (b) of Section 11
or by the Committee or the applicable Agreement, an Option by its terms shall be
personal and may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, encumbered or
otherwise alienated or hypothecated otherwise than by will or by the laws of
descent and distribution and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of an
Optionee only by him or her. An Agreement may permit the exercise or payment of
an Optionee's Option (or any portion thereof) after his or her death by or to
the beneficiary most recently named by such Optionee in a written designation
thereof filed with the Company, or, in lieu of any such surviving beneficiary,
as designated by the Optionee by will or by the laws of descent and
distribution. In the event any Option is exercised by the executors,
administrators, heirs or distributees of the estate of a deceased Optionee, or
such an Optionee's beneficiary, or the transferee of an Option, in any such case
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the applicable Agreement
and in accordance with such terms and conditions as may be specified from time
to time by the Committee, the Company shall be under no obligation to issue
Common Stock thereunder unless and until the Committee is satisfied that the
person or persons exercising such Option is the duly appointed legal
representative of the deceased Optionee's estate or the proper legatee or
distributee thereof or the named beneficiary of such Optionee, or the valid
transferee of such Option, as applicable.

          (c)  (i) If at any time the Committee shall determine, in its
discretion, that the listing, registration and/or qualification of shares of
Common Stock upon any securities exchange or under any state or Federal law, or
the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body, is necessary or
desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, the sale or

                                      -12-
<PAGE>

purchase of shares of Common Stock hereunder, no Option may be granted,
exercised or paid in whole or in part unless and until such listing,
registration, qualification, consent and/or approval shall have been effected or
obtained, or otherwise provided for, free of any conditions not acceptable to
the Committee.

          (ii)   If at any time counsel to the Company shall be of the opinion
     that any sale or delivery of shares of Common Stock pursuant to an Option
     is or may be in the circumstances unlawful or result in the imposition of
     excise taxes on the Company or any Affiliate under the statutes, rules or
     regulations of any applicable jurisdiction, the Company shall have no
     obligation to make such sale or delivery, or to make any application or to
     effect or to maintain any qualification or registration under the
     Securities Act, or otherwise with respect to shares of Common Stock or
     Options and the right to exercise any Option shall be suspended until, in
     the opinion of such counsel, such sale or delivery shall be lawful or will
     not result in the imposition of excise taxes on the Company or any
     Affiliate.

          (iii) Upon termination of any period of suspension under this Section
     11(c), any Option affected by such suspension which shall not then have
     expired or terminated shall be reinstated as to all shares available before
     such suspension and as to the shares which would otherwise have become
     available during the period of such suspension, but no suspension shall
     extend the term of any Option.

          (d)  The Committee may require each person receiving Common Stock in
connection with any Option under the Plan to represent and agree with the
Company in writing that such person is acquiring the shares of Common Stock for
investment without a view to the distribution thereof. The Committee, in its
absolute discretion, may impose such restrictions on the ownership and
transferability of the shares of Common Stock purchasable or otherwise
receivable by any person under any Option as it deems appropriate. Any such
restrictions shall be set forth in the applicable Agreement, and the
certificates evidencing such shares may include any legend that the Committee
deems appropriate to reflect any such restrictions.

          (e)  By accepting any benefit under the Plan, each Optionee and each
person claiming under or through such Optionee shall be conclusively deemed to
have indicated their acceptance and ratification of, and consent to, all of the
terms and conditions of the Plan and any action taken under the Plan by the
Committee, the Company or the Board, in any case in accordance with the terms
and conditions of the Plan.

          (f)  Neither the adoption of the Plan nor anything contained herein
shall affect any other compensation or incentive plans or arrangements of the
Company or any Affiliate, or prevent or limit the right of the Company or any
Affiliate to establish any other forms of incentives or compensation for their
directors, employees or consultants or grant or assume options or other rights
otherwise than under the Plan.

          (g)  The Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of New York, without regard to such state's conflict of
law provisions, and, in any event, except as superseded by applicable Federal
law.

                                      -13-
<PAGE>

          (h)  The words "Section," "subsection" and "paragraph" herein shall
refer to provisions of the Plan, unless expressly indicated otherwise. Wherever
any words are used in the Plan or any Agreement in the masculine gender they
shall be construed as though they were also used in the feminine gender in all
cases where they would so apply, and wherever any words are used herein in the
singular form they shall be construed as though they were also used in the
plural form in all cases where they would so apply.

          (i)  The Company shall bear all costs and expenses incurred in
administering the Plan, including expenses of issuing Common Stock pursuant to
any Options granted hereunder.

     12.  Limits of Liability. (a) Any liability of the Company or an Affiliate
to any Optionee with respect to any Option shall be based solely upon
contractual obligations created by the Plan and the Agreement.

          (b)  None of the Company, any Affiliate, any member of the Committee
or the Board or any other person participating in any determination of any
question under the Plan, or in the interpretation, administration or application
of the Plan, shall have any liability, in the absence of bad faith, to any party
for any action taken or not taken in connection with the Plan, except as may
expressly be provided by statute.

     13.  Amendments and Termination. The Board may, at any time and with or
without prior notice, amend, alter, suspend or terminate the Plan, retroactively
or otherwise; provided, however, unless otherwise required by law or
specifically provided herein, no such amendment, alteration, suspension or
termination shall be made which would impair the previously accrued rights of
any holder of an Option theretofore granted without his or her written consent,
or which, without first obtaining approval of the stockholders of the Company
(where such approval is necessary to satisfy (i) with regard to ISOs, any
requirements under the Code relating to ISOs or (ii) any applicable law,
regulation or rule), would:

          (a)  except as is provided in Section 10, increase the maximum number
of shares of Common Stock which may be sold or awarded under the Plan;

          (b)  except as is provided in Section 10, decrease the minimum option
exercise price requirements of Section 6(a);

          (c)  change the class of persons eligible to receive Options under the
Plan; or

          (d)  extend the duration of the Plan or the period during which
Options may be exercised under Section 6(b).

The Committee may amend the terms of any Option theretofore granted, including
any Agreement, retroactively or prospectively, but no such amendment shall
materially impair the previously accrued rights of any Optionee without his or
her written consent. The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, the Board
may amend or alter the Plan and the Committee may amend or alter any Award,
including any Agreement, either retroactively or prospectively, without the
consent of the applicable Optionee, if the Board or the Committee determines in
its discretion that such amendment or alteration is required or advisable for
the Company, the Plan

                                      -14-
<PAGE>

or the Award to satisfy, comply with or meet the requirements of any law,
regulation, rule or accounting standard.


     14.  Duration. The Plan shall become effective as of the date the Plan is
adopted by the Board. The Plan shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of:

          (a)  the effective date of a resolution adopted by the Board
               terminating the Plan;

          (b)  the date all shares of Common Stock subject to the Plan are
               delivered pursuant to the Plan's provisions; or

          (c)  ten (10) years from the date the Plan is adopted by the Board.

No Option may be granted under the Plan after the earliest to occur of the
events or dates described in the foregoing paragraphs (a) through (c) of this
Section 14; however, Common Stock may thereafter be granted after such date.

No such termination of the Plan shall materially impair the previously accrued
rights of any Optionee hereunder without his or her consent, and all Options
previously granted hereunder shall continue in force and in operation after the
termination of the Plan, except as they may be otherwise terminated in
accordance with the terms of the Plan or the Agreement.

     15.  Shareholder Approval. Sections 10(b)(ii) and 10(c) shall not be
effective unless shareholder approval meeting the requirements of Section
280G(b)(5) of the Code, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, is obtained.


                                      -15-
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
