
<PAGE>

================================================================================

                                    MORTGAGE,
                        SECURITY AGREEMENT AND FINANCING
                      STATEMENT (INCLUDING FIXTURE FILING),
                                       AND
                                   SUPPLEMENT
                                       AND
                         SHORT FORM/MEMORANDUM OF LEASE

                          Dated as of December 15, 2004

                                     between

                                  REXUS L.L.C.,
                               as Lessor/Mortgagee

                                       and

                              ITT INDUSTRIES, INC.,
                               as Lessee/Mortgagor

LOCATION OF MORTGAGED PROPERTY:

Street Address: 1919 West Cook Road
                Fort Wayne, Indiana
County:         Allen County, Indiana

                              Record and Return to:

                                    Jones Day
                              222 East 41st Street
                               New York, NY 10017
                      Attention: Leonard C. Pojednic, Esq.

================================================================================

<PAGE>

                        MORTGAGE, SECURITY AGREEMENT AND
                 FINANCING STATEMENT (INCLUDING FIXTURE FILING),
                AND SUPPLEMENT AND SHORT FORM/MEMORANDUM OF LEASE

      THIS MORTGAGE, SECURITY AGREEMENT AND FINANCING STATEMENT (INCLUDING
FIXTURE FILING), AND SUPPLEMENT AND SHORT FORM/MEMORANDUM OF LEASE (this
"Supplement") dated as of December 17, 2004, between REXUS L.L.C., a Delaware
limited liability company with an address at Societe Generale, New York Branch,
1221 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10020 as the lessor/mortgagee
(the "Lessor/Mortgagee"), and ITT INDUSTRIES, INC., an Indiana corporation, with
an address at 4 West Red Oak Lane, White Plains, New York 10604, as
Lessee/Mortgagor (the "Lessee/Mortgagor").

      WHEREAS, Lessor/Mortgagee and Lessee/Mortgagor have executed that certain
Master Lease and Deed of Trust, Deed to Secure Debt and Mortgage dated as of
December 14, 2004 (the "Master Lease");

      WHEREAS the Lessor/Mortgagee is the owner of the land described on
Schedule I attached hereto (the "Land"), and wishes to lease the Land and lease
all Improvements now thereon or which hereafter may be constructed thereon to
the Lessee/Mortgagor;

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements
herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as
follows:

      SECTION 1. Definitions; Interpretation. For purposes of this Supplement,
capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein or in Schedule IV
hereto shall have the meanings assigned to them in Appendix A to the Master
Lease, and the rules of interpretation set forth in such Appendix A shall apply
to this Supplement.

      SECTION 2. The Properties. Effective upon the execution and delivery of
this Supplement by the Lessor/Mortgagee and the Lessee/Mortgagor, the Land, all
Improvements on the Land and all other improvements now on the Land or which
hereafter may be constructed thereon and all Appurtenant Rights with respect
thereto and all Equipment (collectively, the "Subject Property") shall be
subject to the terms and provisions of the Master Lease and the Lessor/Mortgagee
hereby grants, conveys, transfers and assigns to the Lessee/Mortgagor those
interests, rights, titles, estates, powers and privileges provided for in the
Master Lease with respect to the Subject Property.

      SECTION 3. Amendments to Master Lease with Respect to Subject Property.
Effective upon the execution and delivery of this Supplement by the
Lessor/Mortgagee and the Lessee/Mortgagor, the following terms and provisions
shall apply to the Master Lease with respect to the Subject Property:

<PAGE>



      A.    Short Form/Memorandum of Lease. The parties hereto set forth the
following information which shall constitute a short form or memorandum of the
Master Lease, as supplemented by this Supplement:

            (a)   The name and address of the Lessor/Mortgagee as set forth in
                  the Master Lease is:

                          Rexus L.L.C.
                          Societe Generale, New York Branch
                          1221 Avenue of the Americas
                          New York, New York 10020
                          Attention: President

            (b)   The name and address of the Lessee/Mortgagor as set forth in
                  the Master Lease is:

                          ITT Industries, Inc.
                          4 West Red Oak Lane
                          White Plains, New York 10604
                          Attention: _________________

            (c)   The lease to which this memorandum of lease pertains is the
                  Master Lease as supplemented by this Supplement and the other
                  Supplements.

            (d)   The leased premises are the Subject Property which includes
                  the Land more particularly described on Schedule I attached
                  hereto.

            (e)   The Lessor/Mortgagee acquired title to the Land by deed dated
                  on or about the date hereof and about to be recorded or filed
                  for record in the Allen County, Indiana Clerk's office.

            (f)   The term of the Master Lease shall commence on the date hereof
                  and shall expire on December 17, 2014 unless earlier
                  terminated in accordance with the terms of the Master Lease,
                  as supplemented by this Supplement.

            (g)   The Master Lease contains certain purchase rights and options
                  during the Lease Term pursuant to which the Lessee/Mortgagor
                  or its designee may acquire the Subject Property.

            (h)   In addition to those terms referred to herein, the Master
                  Lease contains numerous other terms, covenants and conditions
                  that affect the Subject Property, and notice is hereby given
                  that reference should be had to the Master Lease with respect
                  to the details of such terms, covenants and conditions. A copy
                  of the Master Lease or of the other agreements referenced
                  herein or therein may be obtained from any of the parties
                  hereto at the addresses set forth herein.

                                     - 2 -
<PAGE>

      B.    Ownership of the Subject Property. The parties hereto intend that
for (i) financial accounting purposes with respect to the Lessee/Mortgagor, (ii)
United States federal and all United States state and local income tax purposes
and (iii) United States state real estate and commercial law and bankruptcy
purposes, (1) the Lease will be treated as a financing arrangement, (2) the
Lessor/Mortgagee will be deemed a lender making a loan to the Lessee/Mortgagor
in an aggregate amount equal to the Original Aggregate Property Cost which loan
is secured by the Properties, and (3) the Lessee/Mortgagor will be treated as
the owner of the Properties described in the Lease Supplements and will be
entitled to all tax benefits ordinarily available to an owner of properties
similar to the Properties for such tax purposes. Nevertheless, the
Lessee/Mortgagor acknowledges and agrees that none of the Lessor/Mortgagee, the
Arranger or any Investor has made any representations or warranties to the
Lessee/Mortgagor concerning the tax, accounting or legal characteristics of the
Operative Documents and that the Lessee/Mortgagor has obtained and relied upon
such tax, accounting and legal advice concerning the Operative Documents as it
deems appropriate. The parties hereto will not take any position inconsistent
with the intentions expressed herein. It is the intent of the parties hereto
that this Lease grants a security interest and mortgage or deed to secure debt
or deed of trust, as the case may be, in and on each Property to the
Lessor/Mortgagee for the benefit of the Lessor/Mortgagee to secure the
performance of the Lessee/Mortgagor under and payment of all amounts under this
Master Lease and the other Operative Documents all as more specifically set
forth in each Lease Supplement. Specifically, without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, the parties hereto intend and agree that in the event of any
insolvency or receivership proceedings or a petition under the United States
bankruptcy laws or any other applicable insolvency laws or statute of the United
States of America or any state or commonwealth thereof affecting the
Lessee/Mortgagor, the Lessor/Mortgagee or the Investors or any collection
actions, the transactions evidenced by the Operative Documents shall be regarded
as loans made to the Lessee/Mortgagor by the Lessor/Mortgagee and the Investors
as unrelated third party lenders of the Lessee/Mortgagor.

      C.    Grant of Mortgage Lien and Security Interest: Assignment of Rents.
To secure to the Lessor/Mortgagee the payment and performance of all
Obligations:

            (a)   Subject to the terms and conditions of the Master Lease as
                  supplemented by this Supplement (including, without
                  limitation, the Lessee/Mortgagor's rights hereunder and
                  thereunder), the Lessee/Mortgagor has caused the
                  Lessor/Mortgagee to hold title to the Subject Property and
                  Lessee/Mortgagor does hereby mortgage, grant, bargain, sell,
                  convey, assign, transfer and set over to the Lessor/Mortgagee,
                  with power of sale, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law:
                  (i) all of the Lessee/Mortgagor's right, title and interest
                  from time to time in the Subject Property of whatever nature
                  including, without limitation, Lessee/Mortgagor's leasehold
                  interest under the Master Lease; all condemnation and
                  insurance proceeds relative to the Subject Property and all
                  Profits as defined below; and (ii) all of the
                  Lessee/Mortgagor's right, title and interest in and to all
                  proceeds of the conversion, whether voluntary or involuntary,
                  of any of the above-described property into cash or other
                  liquid claims, including, without limitation, all awards,
                  payments or proceeds, including interest thereon, and the
                  right to receive the same,

                                     - 3 -
<PAGE>

                  which may be made as a result of casualty, any exercise of the
                  right of eminent domain or deed in lieu thereof, the
                  alteration of the grade of any street and any injury to or
                  decrease in the value thereof, the foregoing being referred to
                  hereinafter as the "Security Property".

                  TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the Security Property, subject however to
                  Permitted Property Liens (which shall include the items set
                  forth on Schedule II), unto the Lessor/Mortgagee, its
                  successors and assigns forever.

                  (i)   Protective Advances. The Lessor/Mortgagee shall have the
                        right, but not the obligation, to make protective
                        advances with respect to the Security Property for the
                        payment of taxes, assessments, insurance premiums or
                        costs incurred for the protection of the Security
                        Property, and such protective advances, together with
                        interest thereon at the Overdue Rate from the date of
                        each such advance until it is repaid in full, shall be
                        secured by this Supplement to the fullest extent and
                        with the highest priority contemplated by applicable
                        law.

                  (ii)  Mortgage. The Lessee/Mortgagor and the Lessor/Mortgagee
                        intend that this Supplement shall secure
                        Lessee/Mortgagor's obligation to repay the unpaid
                        balance of advances made by the Lessor/Mortgagee and/or
                        the holder hereof under the Master Lease and other
                        Operative Documents to the fullest extent and with the
                        highest priority contemplated by applicable law. The
                        obligations secured hereby shall include, without
                        limitation, all Basic Rent, Accrual Rent and Fixed Rent
                        as well as all Supplemental Rent due from
                        Lessee/Mortgagor under the Master Lease. The maximum
                        amount of advances, exclusive of interest thereon
                        (whether or not identified as interest and including
                        specifically all Accrual Rent under the Master Lease),
                        and exclusive of advances made for the payment of real
                        estate taxes, assessments, insurance premiums and costs
                        incurred for the protection of the Security Property,
                        all of which are also secured by this Supplement, which
                        may be outstanding at any time is One Hundred Twenty
                        Million and 00/100 Dollars ($120,000,000.00).

            (b)   Subject to the terms and conditions of the Master Lease as
                  supplemented by this Supplement (including, without
                  limitation, the Lessee/Mortgagor's rights hereunder and
                  thereunder so long as no Lease Event of Default has occurred
                  and is continuing), the Lessee/Mortgagor hereby grants to the
                  Lessor/Mortgagee a security interest in the Lessee/Mortgagor's
                  interest in that portion of the Security Property (the "UCC
                  Property") subject to the Uniform Commercial Code of the State
                  of Indiana (the "UCC"). The Master Lease, as supplemented by
                  this Supplement, shall also be deemed to be a security
                  agreement and shall support any financing statement

                                     - 4 -
<PAGE>

                  showing the Lessor/Mortgagee's interest as a secured party
                  with respect to any portion of the UCC Property described in
                  such financing statement. The Lessee/Mortgagor agrees, at its
                  sole cost and expense, to execute, deliver and file from time
                  to time such further instruments as may be requested by the
                  Lessor/Mortgagee to confirm and perfect the lien of the
                  security interest in the collateral described in this
                  Supplement.

            (c)   The Lessee/Mortgagor hereby irrevocably assigns, conveys,
                  transfers and sets over unto the Lessor/Mortgagee (subject,
                  however, to the Master Lease and the rights of the
                  Lessee/Mortgagor thereunder and hereunder) any and all
                  subleases or other occupancy agreements now existing, or that
                  may hereafter come into existence with respect to the Subject
                  Property or any part thereof, including any guaranties of such
                  sublease or occupancy agreements (collectively, the
                  "Subleases") and all and every part of the rents, issues and
                  profits (collectively, the "Profits") that may from time to
                  time become due and payable on account of the Subleases,
                  provided, that, unless a Lease Event of Default is continuing,
                  the Lessee/Mortgagor shall have the right to collect and
                  retain such Profits. Upon request of the Lessor/Mortgagee, the
                  Lessee/Mortgagor shall execute and cause to be recorded, at
                  its expense, supplemental or additional assignments of any
                  Subleases of the Subject Property. Upon the occurrence and
                  during the continuance of a Lease Event of Default, the
                  Lessor/Mortgagee is hereby fully authorized and empowered in
                  its discretion (in addition to all other powers and rights
                  herein granted), to apply for and collect and receive all such
                  Profits and enforce such guaranty or guaranties, and all money
                  so received under and by virtue of this assignment shall be
                  applied as further security for the payment and performance of
                  the Obligations secured hereby.

            (d)   Notwithstanding that this Supplement is an absolute assignment
                  of the Profits and the Subleases and not merely the collateral
                  assignment of, or the grant of a lien or security interest in
                  the Profits and the Subleases, the Lessor/Mortgagee grants to
                  the Lessee/Mortgagor a revocable license to collect and
                  receive the Profits and to retain, use and enjoy such Profits.
                  Such license shall be automatically revoked upon the
                  occurrence and during the continuance of any Lease Event of
                  Default.

      D.    Remedies.

            (a)   Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of a Lease
                  Event of Default, each of which are also events of default
                  under this Supplement, the Lessor/Mortgagee may exercise any
                  one or more of the following rights and remedies as it, in its
                  sole discretion, may deem necessary or appropriate:

                  (i)   collect interest on all past due sums at the Overdue
                        Rate;

                                     - 5 -
<PAGE>

                  (ii)  terminate the Master Lease and, either in person or by
                        agent, with or without bringing any action or
                        proceeding, or by a receiver appointed by a court, and
                        without regard to the adequacy of security, enter upon
                        and take possession of the Security Property, or any
                        part thereof, in its own name, and do any acts which it
                        deems necessary or desirable to preserve the value,
                        marketability or rentability of the Security Property,
                        or any part thereof or interest therein, to increase the
                        income therefrom or to protect the security hereof and,
                        with or without taking possession of the Security
                        Property, to sue for or otherwise to collect the Profits
                        thereof, including, without limitation, those past due
                        and unpaid, and to apply the same, less costs and
                        expenses of operation and collection, including, without
                        limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, upon any
                        Obligations secured hereby, all in such order as the
                        Lessor/Mortgagee may determine. The entering upon and
                        taking possession of the Security Property, and the
                        collection of such Profits and the application thereof
                        as aforesaid, shall not cure or waive any Lease Event of
                        Default or notice of a Lease Event of Default hereunder
                        or invalidate any act done in response to such Lease
                        Event of Default and, notwithstanding the continuance in
                        possession of the Lessor/Mortgagee or the collection,
                        receipt and application of Profits by the
                        Lessor/Mortgagee, the Lessor/Mortgagee shall be entitled
                        to exercise every right provided for herein or by law
                        upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any
                        Lease Event of Default, including, without limitation,
                        the right to exercise the power of sale;

                  (iii) declare all sums secured hereby immediately due and
                        payable by delivery to the Lessee/Mortgagor a written
                        declaration of the occurrence and continuance of a Lease
                        Event of Default and deliver a notice of non-judicial
                        foreclosure by power of sale of the Subject Property,
                        and proceed with such non-judicial foreclosure in
                        accordance with Applicable Law;

                  (iv)  in lieu of sale pursuant to the power of sale conferred
                        hereby, foreclose in the manner provided by Applicable
                        Law for the foreclosure of mortgages on real property;

                  (v)   whether or not a non-judicial or judicial foreclosure
                        proceeding as described above has been commenced,
                        declare immediately due and payable without notice or
                        demand, as otherwise required hereunder or under
                        Applicable Law, all amounts payable by the
                        Lessee/Mortgagor hereunder or under the other Operative
                        Documents which are then unpaid, with all interest and
                        sums accrued and accelerate payment thereof
                        notwithstanding contrary terms of payment stated therein
                        and exercise all rights and remedies available
                        hereunder, at law, in equity or otherwise;

                                     - 6 -
<PAGE>

                  (vi)  as a matter of right, and upon notice to the
                        Lessee/Mortgagor or anyone under the Lessee/Mortgagor
                        and without regard to the adequacy of its security or
                        the then value of the Security Property or the interest
                        of the Lessee/Mortgagor therein, apply to any court
                        having jurisdiction to appoint a receiver or receivers
                        of the Security Property and the Lessee/Mortgagor hereby
                        irrevocably consents to such appointment and, to the
                        extent permitted by Applicable Law, waives notice of any
                        application therefor. Any such receiver or receivers
                        shall have all the usual powers and duties of receivers
                        in like or similar cases and all the powers of the
                        Lessor/Mortgagee provided for above, and shall continue
                        as a receiver and exercise all such powers until the
                        date of confirmation of sale of the Security Property
                        unless such receivership is sooner terminated by the
                        Lessor/Mortgagee in its sole discretion.

                  Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of a Lease
                  Event of Default, the Lessor/Mortgagee shall be entitled to
                  enforce payment and performance of any Obligations secured
                  hereby and to exercise all rights and powers hereunder or any
                  laws now or hereafter in force notwithstanding that some or
                  all of said Obligations secured hereby may now or hereafter be
                  otherwise secured, whether by mortgage, deed of trust, pledge,
                  lien, assignment or otherwise. Neither the acceptance nor the
                  enforcement hereof, whether by court action or pursuant to the
                  power of sale or other powers herein contained, shall
                  prejudice or in any manner affect the Lessor/Mortgagee's right
                  to realize upon or enforce any other security now or hereafter
                  held by the Lessor/Mortgagee, and the Lessor/Mortgagee shall
                  be entitled to enforce the rights and remedies provided for
                  herein and any other security now or hereafter held by the
                  Lessor/Mortgagee in such order and manner as it may in its
                  absolute discretion determine. No remedy conferred upon or
                  reserved to the Lessor/Mortgagee is intended to be exclusive
                  of any other remedy, but each shall be cumulative and shall be
                  in addition to every other remedy given hereby or now or
                  hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute. Every
                  power or remedy given hereby to the Lessor/Mortgagee or to
                  which the Lessor/Mortgagee may be otherwise entitled, may be
                  exercised, concurrently or independently, from time to time
                  and as often as may be deemed expedient by the
                  Lessor/Mortgagee, and the Lessor/Mortgagee may pursue
                  inconsistent remedies.

            (b)   Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of a Lease
                  Event of Default, the Lessor/Mortgagee, in addition to and not
                  in lieu of or in diminution of the rights and remedies
                  provided above shall have all of the rights and remedies of a
                  secured party under the UCC, which rights and remedies may be
                  exercised without application to any court to the extent
                  permitted by the UCC.

                                     - 7 -
<PAGE>

            (c)   It is the intent of the parties hereto that the Master Lease
                  be treated as a secured borrowing as provided in Section 3B
                  above, and that, upon the occurrence and during the
                  continuance of a Lease Event of Default, the Lessor/Mortgagee
                  shall have remedies provided for herein. In the event that,
                  notwithstanding the intention of the parties, a court of
                  competent jurisdiction determines that, for the purpose of
                  remedies, the transaction contemplated by the Master Lease
                  constitutes a leasing arrangement, the parties hereto
                  acknowledge and agree that the Lessor/Mortgagee shall have, as
                  a result of such determination, in addition to the remedies
                  set forth in this Section 3D(a) above, all of the rights and
                  remedies of a landlord provided for in Article XVI of the
                  Master Lease, provided that the parties hereto acknowledge and
                  agree that it is their intent that the Master Lease be
                  construed as provided in Section 3B above.

      SECTION 4. Lessor/Mortgagee Grant. (a) The Lessor/Mortgagee hereby
unconditionally grants a security interest in and a Lien to the Lessee/Mortgagor
against all of the Lessor/Mortgagee's right, title and interest in and to the
Security Property, which Lien shall be effective only if the Lessor/Mortgagee
shall become the subject of any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding and
such proceeding shall result in the rejection of the Master Lease. Such Lien
shall secure the satisfaction of the Lessee/Mortgagor's right to damages and
other claims arising out of the rejection of the Master Lease to the extent and
in the manner provided for pursuant to the Operative Documents.

      (b) The Lessee/Mortgagor agrees that the conditional Lien created in
paragraph (a) of this Section 4 will terminate upon the termination of the
Master Lease with respect to the Subject Property for any reason other than a
rejection of the Master Lease in connection with a bankruptcy, insolvency or
similar proceeding with respect to the Lessor/Mortgagee. Lessee/Mortgagor
covenants to promptly deliver any releases or reconveyances reasonably required
by Lessor/Mortgagee to evidence such termination of Lien.

      (c) The Lien created in paragraph (a) of this Section 4 is junior and
subordinate in all respects to the Liens granted by the Lessee/Mortgagor in
favor of the Lessor/Mortgagee pursuant to this Supplement and the other
Operative Documents.

      SECTION 5. Ratification; Incorporation. Except as specifically modified
hereby, the terms and provisions of the Master Lease are hereby ratified and
confirmed and remain in full force and effect. The terms of the Master Lease (as
amended by this Supplement) are by this reference incorporated herein and made a
part hereof.

      SECTION 6. Original Supplement. The single executed original of this
Supplement marked "THIS COUNTERPART IS THE ORIGINAL EXECUTED COUNTERPART" on the
signature page thereof and containing the receipt of the Lessor/Mortgagee
therefor on or following the signature page thereof shall be the original
executed counterpart of this Supplement (the "Original Executed Counterpart").
To the extent that this Supplement constitutes chattel paper, as such term is
defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in any applicable
jurisdiction, no security interest in this Supplement may be created through the
transfer or possession of any counterpart other than the Original Executed
Counterpart.

                                     - 8 -
<PAGE>

      SECTION 7. Applicable Law; Certain Particular Provisions. This Supplement
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
jurisdictions identified in this Section 7 (the "Applicable Law") which shall
for most purposes be the laws of the State of New York; provided, however, that
the provisions of this Supplement relating to the creation, perfection and
enforcement of the lien and security interest created by this Supplement in
respect of the Subject Property and the exercise of each remedy provided hereby,
including the power of foreclosure or power of sale procedures set forth in this
Supplement, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal
law of the State of Indiana, and each of the Lessor/Mortgagee and the
Lessee/Mortgagor agree to submit to jurisdiction and the laying of venue for any
suit on this Supplement in the State of Indiana. The terms and provisions set
forth in Schedule III attached hereto are hereby incorporated by reference as
though fully set forth herein. In the event of any conflict between the terms
and provisions contained in the body of the Master Lease (as amended by this
Supplement) and the terms and provisions set forth in Schedule III, the terms
and provisions set forth in Schedule III shall govern and control.

      SECTION 8. No Merger of Title. There shall be no merger of the Master
Lease (as amended by this Supplement) or of the leasehold estate created thereby
by reason of the fact that the same Person may acquire, own or hold, directly or
indirectly, in whole or in part, (a) the Master Lease (as amended by this
Supplement) or the leasehold estate created thereby or any interest in the
Master Lease (as amended by this Supplement) or such leasehold estate, (b) the
fee estate or ground leasehold estate in the Subject Property, except as may
expressly be stated in a written instrument duly executed and delivered by the
Lessor/Mortgagee.

      SECTION 9. Satisfaction of the Mortgage, Security Interest and Assignment
of Rents and Subleases. If the Lessee/Mortgagor complies with the provisions of
this Supplement and irrevocably pays and performs (to the reasonable
satisfaction of Lessor/Mortgagee) all of the Obligations secured hereby, in
accordance with the provisions of the Master Lease, as supplemented by this
Supplement and the other Operative Documents and in the manner and at the times
set forth therein, without deduction, fraud or delay, then and from thenceforth
this Supplement and the estate hereby granted and created in favor of the
Lessor/Mortgagee, shall cease and become void, anything hereinbefore contained
to the contrary notwithstanding.

      SECTION 10. Maximum Interest Rate. No provision of this Supplement or any
transaction related thereto shall require the payment or permit the collection
of interest or any other amount in excess of the maximum permitted by Applicable
Law. If any excess of interest or any other amount in such respect is herein or
any other Operative Document provided for, the Lessee/Mortgagor shall not be
obligated to pay such excess interest or any other amounts in excess of the
amount permitted by applicable law, and the right to demand the payment of any
such excess shall be and hereby is waived, and this provision shall control any
other provision of this Supplement and the other Operative Documents.

      SECTION 11. Security Agreement and Fixture Financing Statement. This
Supplement is both a real property mortgage and a "security agreement" within
the meaning of the UCC. The Subject Property includes both real and personal
property and all other rights and interests, whether tangible or intangible in
nature, of Lessee/Mortgagor in the Subject Property. In Section 3.C (b) above,
Lessee/Mortgagor has granted to Lessor/Mortgagee, as security for the
Obligations, a security interest in the UCC Property to the full extent that the
UCC Property may

                                     - 9 -
<PAGE>

be subject to the UCC. The information contained in this Section 11 is provided
in order that this Supplement shall comply with the requirements of the UCC for
mortgages to be effective as financing statement filed as a fixture filing. The
name of the "debtor" is ITT INDUSTRIES, INC.; the name of the "secured party" is
REXUS L.L.C.; the mailing address of the "secured party" from which information
concerning the security interest may be obtained and the mailing address of the
"debtor" are as set forth in Section 12 of this Supplement. The types, or the
items, of collateral covered hereby consist of the UCC Property identified in
Section 3.C which constitute fixtures or personal property. The Lessor/Mortgagee
is the record owner of the Land.

      SECTION 12. Notices. For purposes of this instrument all notices shall be
in writing and must be given in the manner provided in Section 14.3 of the
Participation Agreement to the addresses set forth in Schedule V hereto.

      SECTION 13. Counterpart Execution. This Supplement may be executed in any
number of counterparts and by each of the parties hereto in separate
counterparts, all such counterparts together constituting but one and the same
instrument.

[Signature Blocks on Following Page]

                                     - 10 -
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this Supplement
to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date and
year first above written.

                              REXUS L.L.C., as Lessor/Mortgagee

                                   By: /s/ Larry Bowman
                                       ------------------
                                   Name: Larry Bowman
                                   Title: President

                              ITT INDUSTRIES, INC., as Lessee/Mortgagor

                                   By: /s/ Donald Foley
                                       ----------------
                                   Name: Donald Foley
                                   Title: Senior Vice President, Treasurer and
                                   Director of Tax

<PAGE>

                                   Schedule I

                                Legal Description

PARCEL I:

A parcel of land located in the Northwest One-quarter of Section 15, Township 31
North, Range 12 East, Allen County, Indiana, and more particularly described as
follows, to wit:

COMMENCING at the center of Section 15, Township 31 North, Range 12 East, Allen
County, as now established by an iron pin found in accordance to referenced
monuments set by the Allen County Surveyor's Office; thence North 4 degrees 26
minutes 10 seconds West along the North-South centerline of said Section 15 a
distance of 847.64 feet; thence South 86 degrees 57 minutes West a distance of
334.80 feet to a point on a line referred to in deeds as the West line of the
Carl F. Salomon property and the East line of the Stanley C. Salomon and David
C. Salomon property, said point also being the Point of Beginning.

BEGINNING at the above described point; thence South 86 degrees 57 minutes West
a distance of 535.06 feet to an iron pin set on the West bank of Spy Run Creek;
thence North 50 degrees 48 minutes 14 seconds West along the West line of
Stanley C. and David Salomon property a distance of 192.70 feet to an iron pin
found under a stone on the South side of Spy Run Creek; thence North 4 degrees
14 minutes 14 seconds West along said West line a distance of 1632.10 feet to a
PK nail set on the North line of the Northwest One-quarter of Section 15; thence
North 88 degrees 22 minutes 18 seconds East on said North line a distance of
676.0 feet (deed); thence South 4 degrees 13 minutes 31 seconds East along the
East line of said property a distance of 1744.90 feet to the Point of Beginning,
containing 26.966 acres of land, more or less.

PARCEL II:

A parcel of land located in the Northeast Quarter and the Northwest Quarter of
Section 15, Township 31 North, Range 12 East, Allen County, Indiana, and more
particularly described as follows, to wit:

COMMENCING at the center of Section 15, Township 31 North, Range 12 East, as now
established by an iron pin found in accordance to referenced monuments set by
the Allen County Surveyor's Office; thence North 4 degrees 26 minutes 10 seconds
West along the North-South centerline of said Section 15, a distance of 847.64
feet to the Point of Beginning.

BEGINNING at the above described point; thence South 86 degrees 57 minutes West
a distance of 334.80 feet to a point on a line referred to in deeds as the West
line of the Carl F. Salomon property and the East line of the Stanley C. Salomon
and David C. Salomon property; thence North 4 degrees 13 minutes 31 seconds West
along the previous described deed line a distance of 1744.90 feet to a point on
the North line of the Northwest Quarter of said Section 15; thence North 88
degrees 22 minutes 18 seconds East along said North line a distance of 328.68
feet to the North Quarter corner of said Section 15, as now established by a
P.K. nail found; thence North 85 degrees 47 minutes 37 seconds East along the
North line of the Northeast Quarter of Section 15, a distance of 156.03 feet;
thence South 14 degrees 53 minutes 07 seconds East a

<PAGE>

distance of 25.0 feet; thence South 46 degrees 53 minutes 51 seconds East a
distance of 55.59 feet to a point on the West right-of-way line of Lima Road
(State Road #3) I.S.H.C. Project S-419(4)-1959, as marked by a concrete
right-of-way monument; thence South 14 degrees 53 minutes 07 seconds East along
said West right-of-way line a distance of 1711.36 feet; thence South 86 degrees
57 minutes West and parallel to the South line of the Northeast Quarter a
distance of 508.62 feet to the Point of Beginning, containing 27.083 acres of
land, more or less.

EXCEPTING from both Parcels I and II the following described real estate
situated in Allen County, Indiana, to wit:

A part of the Northeast Quarter and the Northwest Quarter of Section 15,
Township 31 North, Range 12 East, Allen County, Indiana, described as follows:

COMMENCING at the center of said Section; thence North 0 degrees 08 minutes 36
seconds West (assumed bearing) 847.64 feet along the East line of said Northwest
Quarter to the South line of the grantor's land; thence North 88 degrees 45
minutes 27 seconds West 869.86 feet along said South line to a Southwest line of
the grantor's land; thence North 46 degrees 31 minutes 22 seconds West 192.74
feet along said Southwest line to the West line of the grantor's land; thence
North 0 degrees 03 minutes 19 seconds East 1582.05 feet along said West line to
the Point of Beginning of this description; thence continuing North 0 degrees 03
minutes 19 seconds East 50.05 feet along said West line to the North line of
said Northwest Quarter; thence South 87 degrees 20 minutes 09 seconds East
1004.68 feet along said North line to the Northeast corner of said Northwest
Quarter; thence South 89 degrees 58 minutes 35 seconds East 156.03 feet along
the North line of said Northeast Quarter to an Eastern line of the grantor's
land; thence South 10 degrees 39 minutes 19 seconds East 25.00 feet along said
Northeastern line to a Northeastern line of the grantor's land; thence South 42
degrees 40 minutes 03 seconds East 55.59 feet along said Northeastern line to
the West boundary of Lima Road (State Road 3) I.S.H.C. Project S-419(4)-1959;
thence South 10 degrees 38 minutes 56 seconds East 17.80 feet along said West
boundary; thence North 66 degrees 28 minutes 44 seconds West 37.51 feet; thence
North 84 degrees 40 minutes 25 seconds West 219.28 feet; thence North 87 degrees
20 minutes 09 seconds West 953.57 feet to the Point of Beginning and containing
1.400 acres, more or less, of which 0.684 acres is existing right-of-way.

EXCEPTING FROM THE ABOVE EXCEPTION FOR BOTH PARCELS I AND II the following
described real estate situated in Allen County, Indiana, to wit:

A part of the Northwest Quarter of Section 15, Township 31 North, Range 12 East,
Allen County, Indiana, described as follows:

COMMENCING at the Northeast corner of said Quarter Section; thence West 1004.68
feet along the North line of said Section to the Northwest corner of 39.42 acre
tract of land described in Deed Record 321, pages 181 and 182; thence South 25.0
feet along the West line of said 39.42 acre tract to the Point of Beginning of
this description, which point is on the South boundary of Cook Road; thence East
199.7 feet along said South boundary; thence Southwesterly 100.1 feet to a point
30.0 feet South of the North line of said Section; thence West 99.7 feet
(parallel with and 30.0 feet South of said North line) to the West line of said
39.42 acre tract; thence North 5.0 feet along said West line to the Point of
Beginning and containing 0.017 acres, more or less.

                                     - 2 -
<PAGE>

ALSO EXCEPTING FROM THE ABOVE EXCEPTION FOR BOTH PARCELS I AND II:

A parcel of land located in the Northeast One-Quarter and the Northwest
One-Quarter of Section 15, Township 31 North, range 12 East, Allen County,
Indiana and more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

COMMENCING at the North Quarter corner of Section 15, Township 31 North, Range
12 East, as now established by a P.K. nail found; thence South 88 degrees 22
minutes 18 seconds West on the North line of the Northwest One-Quarter of
Section 15 a distance of 1004.68 feet to a P.K. nail set; thence South 4 degrees
14 minutes 14 seconds East along the West line of the ITT Corporation property
as described in Warranty Deed recorded in the records of the Recorder of Allen
County, Indiana, as Document Number 86-9318, a distance of 25.03 feet to the
Point of Beginning.

BEGINNING at the above described point; thence North 88 degrees 22 minutes 18
seconds East, a distance of 1004.34 feet to a point on the North-South
centerline of Section 15, thence North 85 degrees 47 minutes 37 seconds East a
distance of 161.01 feet; thence South 46 degrees 53 minutes 51 seconds East a
distance of 20.41 feet; thence South 85 degrees 47 minutes 37 seconds West a
distance of 174.99 feet; thence South 88 degrees 22 minutes 18 seconds West a
distance of 1004.19 feet; thence North 4 degrees 14 minutes 14 seconds West a
distance of 15.01 feet to the Point of Beginning, containing 0.41 acres of land,
more or less.

All of the above more modernly described as follows in a Survey by Dickmeyer &
Associates, Kerry D. Dickmeyer, Land Surveyor, recorded April 9, 2004 in
Document Number 204025735:

A parcel of land situated in the Northeast One-quarter and the Northwest
One-quarter of Section 15, Township 31 North, Range 12 East, Allen County,
Indiana, and more particularly described as follows:

COMMENCING at the center of Section 15, Township 31 North, Range 12 East, Allen
County, Indiana, marked by a Harrison monument; thence North 04 degrees 26
minutes 10 seconds West (bearing base on Deed DOC. #86-009318 and DOC.
#86-009319) along the North-South centerline of the said Section 15, a distance
of 847.64 feet to the Point of Beginning as marked by a set five-eighths inch
diameter steel pin with D&A Firm No. 0026 identification cap.

BEGINNING at the above described point; thence South 86 degrees 57 minutes 00
seconds West, a distance of 869.86 feet to a set five-eighths inch diameter
steel pin on the West bank of Spy Run Creek; thence North 51 degrees 34 minutes
50 seconds West (North 50 degrees 48 minutes 14 seconds West - deed), a distance
of 192.50 feet to a stone; thence North 04 degrees 11 minutes 11 seconds West
(North 04 degrees 14 minutes 14 seconds West - deed) a distance of 1581.25 feet
to a set five-eighths inch diameter steel pin on the Southerly line of parcel of
land described in DOC. #200063132 also being the southerly right-of-way line of
Cook Road; thence North 88 degrees 12 minutes 33 seconds East along said
southerly line, a distance of 953.56 feet to a set five-eighths inch diameter
steel pin; thence South 89 degrees 05 minutes 00 seconds East along said
southerly line, a distance of 219.28 feet to a set five-eighths inch diameter
steel pin with D&A Firm No. 0026 identification cap; thence South 70 degrees 15
minutes 43 seconds East along said southerly line, a distance of 37.51 feet to a
set five-eighths

                                     - 3 -
<PAGE>

inch diameter steel pin with D&A Firm No. 0026 identification cap; thence South
14 degrees 25 minutes 55 seconds East along said westerly right-of-way line, a
distance of 429.03 feet to a four inch by four inch concrete right-of-way marker
found; thence South 14 degrees 58 minutes 08 seconds East, a distance of 667.09
feet to a four inch by four inch concrete right-of-way marker found; thence
South 15 degrees 07 minutes 53 seconds East along said westerly right-of-way
line a distance of 597.71 feet to a found five-eighths inch diameter steel pin;
thence South 86 degrees 57 minutes 00 seconds West, a distance of 508.75 feet to
the point of beginning, containing 52.58 acres, more or less.

                                     - 4 -
<PAGE>

                                   Schedule II

                       Additional Permitted Property Liens

                                      NONE

<PAGE>

                                  Schedule III

                              Local Law Provisions

                                     - 2 -
<PAGE>

                                   Schedule IV

                                  Defined Terms

      "Appurtenant Rights" means, with respect to the Land and the Subject
Property, (i) all agreements, easements, rights of way or use, rights of ingress
or egress, privileges, appurtenances, tenements, and other rights and benefits
at any time belonging or pertaining to the Land and the Subject Property,
including the use of any streets, ways, alleys, vaults or strips of land
adjoining, abutting, adjacent or contiguous to the Land and (ii) all permits,
licenses and rights, whether or not of record, appurtenant to the Land and (iii)
all of the Lessee/Mortgagor's right, title and interest in all general
intangibles relating to the design, development, operation, management and use
of the Subject Property, all certificates of occupancy, zoning variances,
building, use or other permits, approvals, authorizations and consents obtained
from and all materials prepared for filing or filed with any Governmental
Authority in connection with the development, use, operation or management of
the Subject Property, all construction, service, engineering, consulting,
leasing, architectural and other similar contracts concerning the design,
construction, management, operation, occupancy and/or use of the Subject
Property, all architectural drawings, plans, specifications, soil tests,
feasibility studies, appraisals, environmental studies, engineering reports and
similar materials relating to any portion of or all of the Subject Property, and
all payment and performance bonds or warranties or guarantees relating to the
Subject Property, all to the extent assignable.

      "Equipment" means any equipment the removal of which could reasonably be
expected to affect the value or utility of the Land or the Subject Property,
taken together or separately, including heating, electrical, switch gear, power
supply, lighting, plumbing, ventilation, air conditioning and air cooling
systems, refrigerating equipment, generators, locking and unlocking equipment,
communication systems, sprinkler system and fire prevention systems, security
systems and fixtures of all kinds; provided, however, that the term "Equipment"
shall expressly exclude all inventory, furniture and furnishings.

                                     - 3 -
<PAGE>

                                   Schedule V

                               Notice Information

LESSEE/MORTGAGOR

ITT INDUSTRIES, INC.
4 West Red Oak Lane
White Plains, New York 10604
Attention: Donald Foley, Treasurer

with a copy to:

Red Oak Corporate Park
4 West Red Oak Lane
White Plains, New York 10604
Attention: Keith Richey, International Tax Counsel

LESSOR/MORTGAGEE

REXUS L.L.C.
Societe Generale, New York Branch
1221 Avenue of the Americas
New York, New York 10020
Attention: President

                                     - 4 -

