
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1
                                                                    ------------

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

TRIMEDIA ENTERTAINMENT GROUP, INC. APPOINTS JOSEPH SAFINA AS VICE CHAIRMAN

PHILADELPHIA, PA- December 23, 2004 TriMedia Entertainment Group Inc.
(OTCBB:TMEG) announced today that Joseph Safina has accepted the position of
Vice Chairman.

Chris Schwartz will continue in his position as the working Chairman of
TriMedia. Mr. Schwartz stated, "Joseph Safina's extensive experience in
investment banking and strategic planning for public companies is the final step
in building what I believe is a world class management team, combined with the
talents of Dan Taylor (President), Shawn Taylor (CFO), Ernest Cimadamore
(President of Music group) and Rich Murray (President of Film group). Each
member of the management team brings experience and skills that will allow us to
focus our collective time and resources on building the world's next major
independent entertainment company."

Joseph Safina has over 15 years investment banking experience. Joseph served as
Chairman of Nichols, Safina Lerner & Co., a New York based investment banking
firm, until 1997 and has been providing strategic consulting services to public
and private companies for the past five years. From 1989 to 1997, he was a
senior vice president of Gruntal & Co., a New York Stock Exchange Member Firm.
From 1997 to 2003, Joseph was the CEO of International Equities Group, a Florida
based merchant banking/consulting firm. Joseph also was the founder and CEO of
Orion Capital Markets. Joseph is currently the CEO of Pure Entertainment. Pure
Entertainment is a Miami based record label and media company.

"Chris Schwartz is truly a legend in the music business, I look forward to
working with him and bringing my expertise in the public arena to TriMedia".

ABOUT TRIMEDIA

TriMedia Entertainment Group Inc. is a multimedia entertainment company. The
Company develops, produces and distributes a broad range of music, motion
picture and other filmed entertainment content through its following operating
subsidiaries: RuffNation Music, Inc., Metropolitan Recording Inc., RuffNation
Films LLC, and Snipes Production LLC. Chris Schwartz, TriMedia's chief executive
officer, is one of the pioneers of the hip-hop music industry. As a co-founder
of RuffHouse Records he achieved success and fame with groups such as Cypress
Hill, Kris Kross, Lauryn Hill and the Fugees. TriMedia's RuffNation Films has
established a unique worldwide joint venture contract with Sony for the
manufacturing, marketing and distribution of its products.





                                                                               1
<PAGE>

TriMedia is a Delaware corporation whose common stock is traded on the
Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board Trading System under the symbol "TMEG". The
company has operating offices in Philadelphia and London.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended, and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We have based these forward-looking statements
on our current expectations and projections about future events. These
forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and assumptions about TriMedia that may cause our actual results, levels of
activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any other
future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or
implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify
forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may," "will," "should,"
"could," "would," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate,"
"continue," or the negative of such terms or similar expressions. Factors that
might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to,
risks associated with TriMedia's future growth and operating results, the
uncertainty associated with obtaining sufficient financing, the uncertainty of
market acceptance of TriMedia's products, technological change, competitive
factors and general economic conditions, and those issues identified from time
to time in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings and other public
documents. Except as otherwise required to be disclosed in current and periodic
reports required to be filed by companies registered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and by the rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission, TriMedia has no duty and undertakes no obligation to update
such statements after the date hereof.


Contact: TriMedia Entertainment Group, Inc.
         215-426-5536
















                                                                               2





