


Press Release                       Source: Orbit E-Commerce Inc.


Orbit E-Commerce Inc. to Acquire the IPTV Video Internet Business
of PureNet.TV Canada Inc.


TORONTO, Dec. 29, 2004 ----- Orbit E-Commerce Inc. (OTC Bulletin
Board: OECI) announced today it has signed an agreement to
acquire the IPTV business of PureNet.TV Canada Inc. in exchange
for 15 million restricted voting common shares.  The acquisition
of PureNet's assets, will include all technical schematics
covering a patented IPTV video / internet system, implementation
capabilities, strategic partnerships with major equipment and
video content suppliers, software developers, product and
services and experienced management to execute the   business
plan.  The patented IPTV technology , recently  granted by the
United States Patent Office, has been successfully tested and
provides Digital, HDTV audio / video quality to the home.
PureNet's IPTV products and services are on schedule to be
installed in the first quarter of 2005.  The Companies intend to
complete the acquisition in the first quarter of 2005.

"The acquisition will be a major step in having OECI become a
leader in IPTV services in the USA and provides it with the
potential to generate significant shareholder value." said
Douglas C. Lloyd, OECI President and CEO.  "PureNet has proven
expertise in building networks and creating strategic
partnerships with technology suppliers.  IPTV represents a
revolution in High Definition television services and turns the
TV into a communications portal benefiting consumers.  It takes
advantage of cost efficient Internet Protocols to deliver greater
variety digital quality video and other services.  IPTV uses
Digital Subscriber Lines (DSL) broadband services to give
subscribers access through their television sets to such services
as:
  -  Pick & Pay domestic and International television content;
  -  Movies on demand;
  -  High Speed Internet Access;
  -  Consumer Video Conferencing;
  -  Voice over the Internet (VoIP); and
  -  Interactive gaming."

About OECI

Orbit E-Commerce Inc. was established in 2000 for the purpose of
capitalizing on management's vision and expertise in the field of
Internet- based communications systems, products, and services.
This acquisition of PureNet.TV Canada Inc. will allow OECI to
extend its communications vision and expertise into the market
for IPTV video / internet services which is poised to experience
rapid growth.

About PureNet.TV Canada Inc.

A private company, incorporated in the Province of Ontario,
Canada, PureNet, is a privately funded company formed to research
and develop a highly competitive IPTV technology and services and
establish relationships with video content providers and
equipment suppliers .

Forward Looking Statements contained in this press release that
are not based upon current or historical fact are forward-looking
in nature. Such forward-looking statements reflect the current
views of management with respect to future events and are subject
to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions included
potential issues relating to interoperability, inability to
introduce new products, changes in market conditions, government
regulations, technological changes and other factors. Should one
or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize or should
underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary
materially from those described herein.


