-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 FIgShmjMWGLchuTB3INVyBACP7YYx8NFUl8mqJ4bi6cEpxDWrZffsmrTM0eIhHk7
 gJ+aEBuW6Ih77ZqvSQ0cDQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000724941-04-000061.txt : 20041228
<SEC-HEADER>0000724941-04-000061.hdr.sgml : 20041228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041228165031
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000724941-04-000061
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MERISEL INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000724941
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-COMPUTER & PERIPHERAL EQUIPMENT & SOFTWARE [5045]
		IRS NUMBER:				954172359
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17156
		FILM NUMBER:		041228945

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CONTINENTAL BLVD
		CITY:			EL SEGUNDO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90245-0984
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3106153080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CONTINENTAL BLVD
		CITY:			EL SEGUNDO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90245-0984

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOFTSEL COMPUTER PRODUCTS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19910509
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>coloredge8k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>COLOREDGE 8K
<TEXT>


                              UNITED STATES
                   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                          WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                         __________________________

                                 FORM 8-K

                              CURRENT REPORT

                      Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
                      the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
                         _________________________

      Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 24, 2004

                                MERISEL, INC.
            (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                Delaware             01-17156            95-4172359
             (State or other        (Commission       (I. R. S. Employer
             jurisdiction  of       File Number)      identification No.)
              incorporation)

                    1500 Hughes Way                90810
                Long Beach, California           (Zip Code)
                 (Address of principal
                  executive offices)
                         __________________________

     Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (310) 615-3080

Check  the  appropriate  box  below  if the  Form  8-K  filing  is  intended  to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligations of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

___Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
   (17 CFR 230.425)
___Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act
   (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
___Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange
   Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
___Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange
   Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


<PAGE>

                    INFORMATION TO BE INCLUDED IN THE REPORT
Item 1.01.  Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

1. Color Edge and Comp 24 Transactions.  On December 24, 2004, Merisel,  Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Merisel" or the "Company"),  signed a definitive purchase
agreement   to  acquire,   through  an   indirectly   wholly-owned   subsidiary,
substantially  all of the assets of Color Edge,  Inc.  ("CE").  CE is a New York
based commercial  photographic and digital imaging company that provides custom,
made-to-order products primarily for consumer product companies and professional
photographers from the fashion,  retail and editorial worlds. The purchase price
provided  consists  of  $3,000,000  in cash and an  additional  amount  of up to
approximately  $2,000,000 over a three-year  period  commencing  January 1, 2005
provided CE's EBITDA, net of capital  expenditures,  exceeds certain agreed upon
thresholds.

On December 24, 2004, the Company has signed a definitive  purchase agreement to
acquire, through a third indirectly wholly-owned  subsidiary,  substantially all
of the operating assets of each of Color Edge Visual, Inc.  ("Visual"),  and its
wholly-owned  subsidiary,  Photobition New York, Inc.  ("PBNY" and  collectively
with Visual,  "CEV"),  a New York-based  commercial  graphic  communication  and
imaging company that provides digital retouching services,  large format digital
photographic output,  inkjet and digital printing services,  photo-finishing and
exhibits and display  solutions.  The purchase  price consists of $23,344,500 in
cash  and  an  additional  amount  of  up to  approximately  $3,400,000  over  a
three-year  period  commencing  January 1, 2005,  provided CEV's EBITDA,  net of
capital expenditures, exceeds certain agreed upon thresholds.

On December 24, 2004, the Company also signed a definitive purchase agreement to
acquire, through another indirectly wholly-owned  subsidiary,  substantially all
of the  assets  of  Comp  24,  LLC  ("Comp  24").  Comp 24 is a New  York  based
commercial  prototype  company that provides  consumer  products  companies with
prototypes,   samples,  props  and  color  corrected  packaging  and  end-to-end
services,  such as file editing, film separation,  printing,  air brushing,  die
cutting, foil stamping, embossing and lamination. The purchase price consists of
$11,209,528  in  cash  and  an  additional  amount  of up to  $1,630,932  over a
three-year period commencing  January 1, 2005 provided Comp 24's EBITDA,  net of
capital  expenditures,  exceeds  certain  agreed upon  thresholds.  The Company,
through  its  indirectly  wholly-owned  subsidiary,  also would  assume  certain
obligations  for borrowed money and capital lease  obligations of Comp 24 in the
approximate  amount of $1,000,000 plus trade accruals and trade payables of Comp
24.

With respect to the purchase  agreements between the Company and each of CEV and
CE only, the Company,  through its indirectly wholly-owned  subsidiaries,  would
assume certain  obligations for borrowed money and capital lease  obligations of
CE and CEV combined in the approximate aggregate amount of $9,000,000 plus trade
accruals and trade payables of CE and CEV combined.  Additionally,  with respect
to the purchase  agreement with CEV only, the Company would also be obligated to
reimburse  CEV in an amount up to  $2,000,000  for tax  liabilities  incurred by
CEV's  shareholders as a result of structuring the sale of CEV's business to the
Company as an asset sale rather than a sale of CEV's capital stock.

The aggregate cash  consideration to be paid to each of CE, CEV and Comp 24 will
be  subject to  adjustment  based on the  difference,  if any,  between  the net
working  capital of each  company at closing  and  certain  agreed  upon  target
amounts. A portion of the cash consideration payable to each target company will
be held in escrow until earlier of the  completion of the fiscal  year-end audit
for each target company for 2004 and 2005 and May 15, 2006.

These  acquisitions  are  expected  to  close  during  the  first  half of 2005.
Consummation of the acquisitions contemplated by each of the purchase agreements
remain subject to a number of closing conditions,  including receipt of consents
to  the  assignment  of  material  contracts,   governmental   consents  to  the
transactions, delivery of all permits and licenses required for the continuation
of the  business,  renegotiation  of assumed  debt  obligations,  completion  of
satisfactory  due  diligence,  sellers  delivery  of certain  audited  financial
statements,  delivery of certain legal opinions,  delivery of consents  required
for the Company to assume certain benefit plans,  sellers  releases of severance
liabilities,  agreement  with  Lexington  Black and White,  Inc.  regarding  its
cessation   of  use  of   assets   acquired   by  the   Company,   environmental
implementation,  internal controls,  sellers  achievement of certain agreed upon
minimum EBITDA,  net working  capital,  net assets and minimum cash  thresholds,
delivery  of certain  agreements  and  documents  referenced  in the  disclosure
schedules and the satisfaction or waiver of other customary closing  conditions.
Each of the purchase  agreements  may be  terminated  by mutual  agreement or by
either  party in the event that the other party has  materially  breached  their
representations,  warranties or covenants  thereunder or the closing  conditions
set forth therein are not waived or satisfied by the parties in accordance  with
their  terms on or prior to March 31, 2005 or if a final,  non-appealable  court
order,  decree or judgment is rendered  against any party enjoining or declaring
illegal the transactions contemplated thereunder. There can be no assurance that
the  closing  conditions  will  be  satisfied  or  that  some  or all  of  these
transactions will be consummated.

Each of the foregoing purchase agreements contains customary representations and
warranties  common to the  acquisitions of the kind  contemplated  thereby.  The
selling  companies and their  respective  shareholders  have agreed to indemnify

<PAGE>

Merisel and its wholly-owned  purchaser subsidiaries for any and all breaches of
such  selling   companies'  and  shareholders'   breaches  of   representations,
warranties and covenants and liabilities  incurred but not assumed by Merisel or
its purchaser  subsidiaries  under the purchase  agreements,  in each case,  for
various time periods.

Upon the closing of the acquisitions,  certain of CE, Visual, PBNY and Comp 24's
employees  will  enter  into  employment  agreements  with  Merisel's  purchaser
subsidiaries.  In  addition,  CE,  Visual,  PBNY,  Comp  24,  and  each of their
respective  shareholders,  will enter into non-competition,  confidentiality and
non-solicitation agreements with such purchaser subsidiaries.  The execution and
delivery of such employment agreements and non-competition,  confidentiality and
non-solicitation agreements are closing conditions for each purchase agreement.

The press  release of the  Company,  dated  December 20,  2004,  announcing  the
signing of the  purchase  agreements  is filed  herewith as Exhibit  99.1 and is
incorporated herein by reference.

2.  Risk  Factors.  As of the  date of this  filing,  Merisel's  assets  consist
primarily  of cash and cash  equivalents  and as such it is not exposed to risks
associated with operating  businesses.  A substantial  portion of Merisel's cash
will be used to make the CE, CEV and PBNY  (together,  "Color Edge") and Comp 24
acquisitions.  The acquisitions of Color Edge and Comp 24 will expose Merisel to
certain  risks  relating  to those  businesses  which  will  affect  the  future
operations and  performance  of Merisel on a consolidated  basis and the trading
price of its stock. These risks include the following:

Past  financial  results are not  necessarily  meaningful  indicators  of future
operating results

Each of Color Edge, Comp 24 and Merisel believes that its past financial results
are not necessarily meaningful indicators of the future operating results of the
combined  company  and  should  not be  relied  on as an  indication  of  future
performance.  Merisel's quarterly operating results have varied substantially in
the past and those of the combined company may vary  substantially in the future
depending  upon a number of factors  including  those  described in this report,
including  many that are beyond the combined  company's  control.  Neither Color
Edge, Comp 24 nor Merisel can be certain that it will successfully  manage these
risks or that the business  strategy of the combined company will be successful.
If the combined  company  fails to  adequately  address any one or more of these
risks or difficulties, its business would likely suffer.

Color Edge,  Comp 24 and Merisel have  experienced  losses in the past,  and the
combined company may experience losses in the future

Color Edge, Comp 24 and Merisel have experienced losses in the past. Color Edge,
Comp 24 and Merisel expect that Merisel, as the combined company,  will continue
to incur  significant  sales and marketing  and  administrative  expenses.  As a
result, the combined company will need to generate significant revenue and gross
margin to maintain profitability. Neither Color Edge nor Comp 24 nor Merisel can
be certain that Merisel will achieve and maintain  profitability  in the future.
Any decline in revenue and gross margin as the combined  company  implements its
product and distribution strategies would adversely affect its business.

Color Edge's and Comp 24's  internal  controls  are not of a caliber  typical to
public  companies  and their  revenue and  operating  results may be  materially
different  than  currently  reported

Neither Color Edge nor Comp 24 have the internal  controls  required of a public
company.  Effective controls are necessary for Color Edge and Comp 24 to provide
reliable financial reports and effectively  prevent fraud. If Color Edge or Comp
24 cannot provide reliable  financial reports or prevent fraud, its goodwill and
operating  results could be harmed.  Any failure to implement  required internal
controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation,  could harm Color
Edge's and/or Comp 24's  operating  results or cause Merisel to fail to meet its
reporting  obligations.  Inadequate internal controls could also cause investors
to lose  confidence in Merisel's  reported  financial  information,  which could
adversely affect the trading price of Merisel's stock.

All of Color Edge's and Comp 24's financial  statements have not been audited by
independent  accountants

All of Color Edge's and Comp 24's financial statements have not been audited and
there is a possibility  that the audit which will be conducted  after signing of
the transaction will result in financial results materially different from Color
Edge's and Comp 24's unaudited results.

Color Edge's and Comp 24's  performance is dependent upon its senior  management
and key sales  personnel

Both Color Edge and Comp 24 are  dependent  upon the  performance  of members of
their respective senior management and, in the case of Color Edge, its key sales
personnel.  If  either  company  were to  lose  the  services  of  their  senior
management,  such a loss could have a material adverse effect on the business of
such company and therefore on the financial performance of Merisel.

<PAGE>

Neither Color Edge nor Comp 24 has long-term agreements with customers

The digital imaging and commercial prototype business is generally characterized
by  individual  orders from  clients on a  project-by-project  basis rather than
long-term  supply  contracts.  Continued  engagements  for  successive  jobs are
primarily  dependent upon the client's  satisfaction  with products and services
previously   provided.   Neither   Color  Edge  nor  Comp  24  has   established
long-standing  relationships  with their respective  clients.  They each believe
their  reputation for quality  service is excellent.  Color Edge and Comp 24 are
not able to predict  with  certainty  the volume of its  business in the near or
distant  future.  Accordingly,  a failure  to adjust  Color  Edge's or Comp 24's
operations due to changing market  conditions or failure to accurately  estimate
demand for its  products  and  services  could  adversely  affect its  operating
results.

If Color Edge or Comp 24 is unable to rapidly and successfully  develop new ways
of providing  services and new products,  respectively,  some of its services or
products,  as applicable,  may become  obsolete and its operating  results could
suffer

Color  Edge's  services  and the  equipment  that it employs in  delivering  its
services  and Comp 24's  products  and the  equipment  that it  employs  for the
manufacturing  of such  products are subject to rapid  technological  change and
rapid  obsolescence.  The success of Color Edge and Comp 24 has in part depended
on its  ability to develop  and  exploit  emerging  technologies  in the digital
imaging and commercial  prototype  industry.  New technologies may also have the
effect of lessening Color Edge's and Comp 24's current technological advantages.
Color Edge's and Comp 24's businesses may be adversely  affected if it is unable
to keep pace with relevant changes or if the technologies  that it adopts do not
receive  widespread market  acceptance.  Any such adverse effect on Color Edge's
and Comp 24's  businesses  could adversely  impact the financial  performance of
Merisel.


Color  Edge's and Comp 24's  industry is highly  competitive  and Color Edge and
Comp 24 may not be able to effectively compete

The market for digital  imaging  services and commercial  prototype  products is
highly fragmented, with national and regional participants.  Color Edge and Comp
24 face,  and will  continue  to face,  competition  in its  business  from many
sources,  including national and regional companies,  some of which have greater
financial,  marketing  and  other  resources  than  Color  Edge and Comp 24.  In
addition,  many local and regional  firms  specializing  in particular  industry
segments  compete  on  the  basis  of  established  long-term  relationships  or
specialized knowledge of such segments. The introduction of new technologies may
also lead to increased  in-house  production of digital  imaging and  commercial
prototype  work by Color Edge's and Comp 24's clients,  or create lower barriers
to entry so as to permit other firms to provide competing products and services.
There can be no  assurance  that  competitors  will not  introduce  services  or
products that achieve  greater market  acceptance  than, or are  technologically
superior  to,  Color  Edge's  and  Comp  24's  product  and  service  offerings.
Competitors  and  future  competitors  have or may have more  extensive  digital
imaging,  commercial prototype or other capabilities,  more extensive experience
and greater  financial,  marketing and other  resources than Color Edge and Comp
24. This increased competition may intensify pressure on Merisel's pricing model
and could have a material adverse effect on Merisel's revenues.

The integration process may disrupt the combined company's business,  operations
and internal  resources

The   integration  of  Color  Edge,   Comp  24  and  Merisel  will  be  complex,
time-consuming and expensive and may disrupt the combined company's business and
operations.  In  addition,  the  integration  process  may strain  the  combined
company's   financial  and  managerial   controls  and  reporting   systems  and
procedures.  This may  result  in the  diversion  of  management  and  financial
resources from the combined company's core business objectives.  There can be no
assurance that Color Edge,  Comp 24 and Merisel will  successfully  integrate or
that the combined  company will realize any of the  anticipated  benefits of the
acquisitions.


<PAGE>


Item 9.01  Financial Statements and Exhibits.

     (c)  Exhibits.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

            Exhibit
             Number      Description
            <S>          <C>
              99.1       Press release of Merisel, Inc. dated December 28, 2004
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                                SIGNATURES
Pursuant  to the  requirements  of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of  1934,  the
registrant  has duly  caused  this  report  to be  signed  on its  behalf by the
undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.


                                   MERISEL, INC.

Date:  December 28, 2004           By: /s/ Allyson Vanderford
                                      ------------------------------
                                   Name:  Allyson Vanderford
                                   Title: Vice President, Finance and Treasurer

<PAGE>

                               EXHIBIT INDEX
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

      Exhibit No.        Exhibit Description
      <S>                <C>

      99.1               Press release of Merisel, Inc. dated December 28, 2004

</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit991pressrelease.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 991 PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>


FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                               Contact: Lesley A. Mobbs
                                                             Legal Manager
                                                             310-535-4122


    MERISEL SIGNS AGREEMENTS TO PURCHASE COLOR EDGE, INC., COLOR EDGE VISUAL,
         INC. AND PHOTOBITION NEW YORK, INC., AND COMP 24, LLC

LONG BEACH,  Calif.  (December  28, 2004) - Merisel,  Inc.  (OTC:MSEL.PK)  today
announced that it has signed a definitive purchase agreement to acquire, through
a wholly owned  subsidiary,  substantially all of the assets of Color Edge, Inc.
(CE). CE is a New York based commercial photographic and digital imaging company
that provides custom, made-to-order products for professional photographers from
the fashion,  retail and editorial worlds. The purchase price will be $3,000,000
in cash and an additional amount of up to approximately  $2,000,000 over a three
year period  commencing  January 1, 2005  provided  CE's EBITDA,  net of capital
expenditures,  exceeds certain agreed upon thresholds. For the nine month period
ended  September  30,  2004,  CE's  internally   prepared  pro  forma  financial
statements  indicate  that it had revenues of  approximately  $16.1  million and
operating income of  approximately  $2.0 million.  The financial  results for CE
have not been audited and its results may change  significantly  upon completion
of an audit of such financial statements.

The Company has signed a definitive  purchase  agreement  to acquire,  through a
wholly owned  subsidiary,  substantially all of the assets of each of Color Edge
Visual,  Inc., and its  wholly-owned  subsidiary,  Photobition  New York,  Inc.,
(collectively,  "CEV"). CEV is a New York based commercial graphic communication
and imaging  company that provides  digital  retouching  services,  large format
digital   photographic   output,   inkjet   and   digital   printing   services,
photo-finishing  and  exhibits  and display  solutions.  The  purchase  price is
$23,344,500  in cash and the  Company  will pay an  additional  amount  of up to
approximately  $3,400,000  for a three year  period  commencing  January 1, 2005
provided CEV's EBITDA, net of capital expenditures,  exceeds certain agreed upon
thresholds. For the nine month period ended September 30, 2004, CEV's internally
prepared  pro  forma  financial  statements  indicate  that it had  revenues  of
approximately  $25.5 million and operating income of approximately $3.5 million.
The financial  results for CEV, which include  Photobition's  results,  have not
been  audited and its results may change  significantly  upon  completion  of an
audit of such financial statements.

The Company has signed a definitive  purchase  agreement  to acquire,  through a
wholly owned subsidiary, substantially all of the assets of Comp 24, LLC, ("Comp
24").  Comp  24 is a New  York  based  commercial  prototype  company  providing
consumer products companies with prototypes,  samples, props and color corrected
packaging  and  end-to-end  services,  such as file  editing,  film  separation,
printing,  air brushing,  die cutting, foil stamping,  embossing and lamination.
The purchase price is $11,209,528 in cash and the Company will pay an additional
amount of up to $1,630,932  for a three year period  commencing  January 1, 2005
provided Comp 24's EBITDA, net of capital  expenditures,  exceeds certain agreed
upon thresholds.  The Company,  through its indirectly wholly-owned  subsidiary,
also would  assume  certain  obligations  for borrowed  money and capital  lease
obligations  of Comp 24 in the  approximate  amount of $1.0  million  plus trade
accruals  and  trade  payables  of Comp 24.  For the  nine  month  period  ended
September 30, 2004, Comp 24's internally prepared pro forma financial statements
indicate that it had revenues of approximately $8.2 million and operating income
of approximately  $2.2 million.  The financial results for Comp 24 have not been
audited and its results may change  significantly upon completion of an audit of
such financial statements.

<PAGE>

With respect to the purchase  agreements between the Company and each of CEV and
CE only, the Company,  through its indirectly wholly-owned  subsidiaries,  would
assume certain  obligations for borrowed money and capital lease  obligations of
CE and CEV combined in the approximate aggregate amount of $9,000,000 plus trade
accruals and trade payables of CE and CEV combined.  Additionally,  with respect
to the purchase  agreement with CEV only, the Company would also be obligated to
reimburse  CEV in an amount up to  $2,000,000  for tax  liabilities  incurred by
CEV's  shareholders as a result of structuring the sale of CEV's business to the
Company as an asset sale rather than a sale of CEV's capital stock.

The aggregate cash  consideration to be paid to each of CE, CEV and Comp 24 will
be  subject to  adjustment  based on the  difference,  if any,  between  the net
working  capital of each  company at closing  and  certain  agreed  upon  target
amounts. A portion of the cash consideration payable to each target company will
be held in escrow  until the earlier of the  completion  of the fiscal  year-end
audit for each of CE, CEV and Comp 24 for 2004 and 2005 and May 15, 2006.

These  transactions  are  expected  to  close  during  the  first  half of 2005.
Consummation of the acquisitions contemplated by each of the purchase agreements
remain subject to a number of closing conditions,  including receipt of consents
to  the  assignment  of  material  contracts,   renegotiation  of  assumed  debt
obligations,  completion  of  satisfactory  due  diligence,  receipt  of certain
audited financial statements, delivery of agreements and documents referenced in
the  disclosures  schedules and the  satisfaction  or waiver of other  customary
closing conditions.  Each of the purchase agreements may be terminated by either
party in the event that the closing  conditions set forth therein are not waived
or satisfied by the parties in accordance  with their terms on or prior to March
31,  2005.  There  can be no  assurance  that  the  closing  conditions  will be
satisfied or that some or all of these transactions will be consummated.


The closing of the transactions contemplated by the purchase agreement with Comp
24 is not contingent upon the consummation of the CE or CEV transactions.

This press  release  contains  forward-looking  statements  regarding  Merisel's
acquisition of the assets of CE, CEV and Comp 24. Although Merisel believes that
the  expectations  reflected  in  any  of  its  forward-looking  statements  are
reasonable,  actual  results  could differ  materially  from those  projected or
assumed.  Among the factors that could impact  actual  results of Merisel or CE,
CEV or Comp 24 the  success in  combining  companies,  the ability to respond to
technological  changes,  the fluctuations in economic conditions and competition
in the digital imaging services market. Risk factors with respect to each of the
companies'  businesses  are further  discussed in the Current Report on Form 8-K
filed  on  December  28,  2004.  Merisel  does not  intend,  and  undertakes  no
obligation,  to update its forward-looking  statements to reflect future events,
circumstances or otherwise.

Visit Merisel at www.merisel.com.

                                   # # #


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
