
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1
                                                                    NEWS RELEASE

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                     ENVIRONMENTAL SOLUTIONS WORLDWIDE, INC

         UNDERTAKES DEVELOPMENT OF A HIGH VOLUME MANUFACTURING FACILITY
    ~ CAPACITY ANTICIPATED TO BE IN EXCESS OF 1,000,000 CATALYSTS PER YEAR ~

TELFORD, P.A.--(BUSINESS WIRE) - December 20th, 2004. Environmental Solutions
Worldwide, Inc. (ESW) (OTCBB: ESWW) announced today that the Company's wholly
own subsidiary ESW Canada, Inc. has finalized a long term lease for expansion of
the Company's manufacturing capabilities. When complete, this new high-tech
manufacturing plant will have the potential to produce in excess of 1,000,000
proprietary catalyzed substrates per year. These catalyzed substrates, used in
diesel, gas and CNG/LPG catalytic converters, will be sold to the Company's
Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) and Retrofit customers globally.

ESW Canada's new plant will be located in Concord Ontario Canada. The new
facility in excess of 50,000 sqft will also accommodate the corporate head
offices. The Company is in the process of setting up the production line
equipment necessary to produce its proprietary metallic substrates from the base
materials, along with the equipment needed to apply the final chemical washcoat
and catalyst materials. When complete, this new high volume substrate
manufacturing plant will enable the Company to control the complete
manufacturing process required for production of catalyzed substrates. Catalyzed
substrates are the integral part of all catalytic converter systems sold
worldwide.

As previously reported, the Company's subsidiary ESW America will soon be
operating from its new 40,000 sqft Tech Center based in Montgomeryville
Pennsylvania. This new facility will be manufacturing and providing the
catalytic and chemical washcoat solutions for the new Concord Ontario plant.

David Johnson, ESW's President and CEO commented, "I am excited to report that
we are moving into the realm of high volume manufacturing of our proprietary
catalyzed substrates. This new production plant, scheduled to come online in the
first quarter of 2005, has been designed to be state of the art and become the
Company's flagship facility. It is anticipated that this facility will also
serve as model for the construction of future manufacturing plants, as the
demand for the Company's products by its worldwide customers, necessitates."

Mr. Johnson further remarked, "Currently, the industry standard for
manufacturing a catalyzed substrate, is to purchase a conventional ceramic or
foil based substrate from a third party company and apply a catalyst coating
prior to canning the finished product. Because ESW manufactures its own
proprietary substrates and applies its own catalytic coatings, the Company has
the potential of providing customers with a very cost effective product tailored
to their individual needs. The integration of these key components and processes
under one roof sets the Company apart in the industry as a complete catalyst
manufacturer."

A MECA (Manufacturers of Emission Controls Association) Press Release dated May
2002, stated, "A study prepared by Michael P. Walsh, a renowned expert on
international motor vehicle emission control issues, forecasts that by the year
2020 the global motor vehicle pollution control market will more than double
from an estimated 2000 level of $39.2 billion to over $84.9 billion. The
phenomenal growth projected is a function of 1) continued significant growth in
the number of new motor vehicles registered worldwide, particularly in Asia and
Latin America, and 2) the growing number of countries which are following the
United States' lead in adopting increasingly more stringent motor vehicle
emission control programs."

ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOLUTIONS WORLDWIDE INC.

With headquarters in Telford, Pennsylvania Environmental Solutions Worldwide is
a an ISO 9001:2000 certified publicly traded company engaged through its
subsidiaries in the design, development, manufacture and sale of environmental
technologies currently focused on the international automotive and
transportation industries. ESW currently manufactures and markets a line of
catalytic emission control products and catalytic conversion technologies for a
multitude of applications.
<PAGE>

For updated information, please visit the Company's Web site at:
www.cleanerfuture.com


SAFE HARBOR

This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (The "Act"). In particular,
when used in the preceding discussion, the words "pleased" "plan," "confident
that," "believe," "expect," or "intend to," and similar conditional expressions
are intended to identify forward looking statements within the meaning of the
Act and are subject to the safe harbor created by the Act. Such statements are
subject to certain risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ
materially from those expressed in any of the forward-looking statements. Such
risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, market conditions,
general acceptance of the Company's products and technologies, competitive
factors, the ability to successfully complete additional financings and other
risks described in the Company's SEC reports and filings.

                          FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT:
                     ENVIRONMENTAL SOLUTIONS WORLDWIDE, INC.
                      Investor Relations at 1-905-850-9970
                           investors@cleanerfuture.com


