
<PAGE>

Exhibit 10.2

         THIS WARRANT AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF
         THIS WARRANT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
         AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS WARRANT AND THE COMMON
         STOCK ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED
         FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE
         REGISTRATION STATEMENT AS TO THIS WARRANT UNDER SAID ACT AND ANY
         APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY
         SATISFACTORY TO NETGURU, INC. THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

            Right to Purchase up to 130,000 Shares of Common Stock of
                                  NETGURU, INC.
                                  -------------
                   (subject to adjustment as provided herein)

                          COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

No. 2004-1                                        Issue Date:  December 23, 2004

         NETGURU, INC., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of
Delaware "Netguru, Inc."), hereby certifies that, for value received, LAURUS
MASTER FUND, LTD., or assigns (the "Holder"), is entitled, subject to the terms
set forth below, to purchase from the Company (as defined herein) from and after
the Issue Date of this Warrant and at any time or from time to time before 5:00
p.m., New York time, through the close of business December 23, 2009 (the
"Expiration Date"), up to 130,000 fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common
Stock (as hereinafter defined), $0.01 par value per share, at the applicable
Exercise Price per share (as defined below). The number and character of such
shares of Common Stock and the applicable Exercise Price per share are subject
to adjustment as provided herein.

         As used herein the following terms, unless the context otherwise
requires, have the following respective meanings:

                  (a) The term "Company" shall include Netguru, Inc. and any
         corporation which shall succeed, or assume the obligations of, Netguru,
         Inc. hereunder.

                  (b) The term "Common Stock" includes (i) the Company's Common
         Stock, par value $0.01 per share; and (ii) any other securities into
         which or for which any of the securities described in the preceding
         clause (i) may be converted or exchanged pursuant to a plan of
         recapitalization, reorganization, merger, sale of assets or otherwise.

                  (c) The term "Other Securities" refers to any stock (other
         than Common Stock) and other securities of the Company or any other
         person (corporate or otherwise) which the holder of the Warrant at any
         time shall be entitled to receive, or shall have received, on the
         exercise of the Warrant, in lieu of or in addition to Common Stock, or
         which at any time shall be issuable or shall have been issued in
         exchange for or in replacement of Common Stock or Other Securities
         pursuant to Section 4 or otherwise.

                  (d) The "Exercise Price" applicable under this Warrant shall
         be as follows:

                           (i) a price of $1.56;

                                        1
<PAGE>

         1. EXERCISE OF WARRANT.

                  1.1 NUMBER OF SHARES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE. From and after
the date hereof through and including the Expiration Date, the Holder shall be
entitled to receive, upon exercise of this Warrant in whole or in part, by
delivery of an original or fax copy of an exercise notice in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A (the "Exercise Notice"), shares of Common Stock of the
Company, subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 4.

                  1.2 FAIR MARKET VALUE. For purposes hereof, the "Fair Market
Value" of a share of Common Stock as of a particular date (the "Determination
Date") shall mean:

                  (a) If the Company's Common Stock is traded on the American
         Stock Exchange or another national exchange or is quoted on the
         National or SmallCap Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc.("Nasdaq"),
         then the closing or last sale price, respectively, reported for the
         last business day immediately preceding the Determination Date.

                  (b) If the Company's Common Stock is not traded on the
         American Stock Exchange or another national exchange or on the Nasdaq
         but is traded on the NASD OTC Bulletin Board, then the mean of the
         average of the closing bid and asked prices reported for the last
         business day immediately preceding the Determination Date.

                  (c) Except as provided in clause (d) below, if the Company's
         Common Stock is not publicly traded, then as the Holder and the Company
         agree or in the absence of agreement by arbitration in accordance with
         the rules then in effect of the American Arbitration Association,
         before a single arbitrator to be chosen from a panel of persons
         qualified by education and training to pass on the matter to be
         decided.

                  (d) If the Determination Date is the date of a liquidation,
         dissolution or winding up, or any event deemed to be a liquidation,
         dissolution or winding up pursuant to the Company's charter, then all
         amounts to be payable per share to holders of the Common Stock pursuant
         to the charter in the event of such liquidation, dissolution or winding
         up, plus all other amounts to be payable per share in respect of the
         Common Stock in liquidation under the charter, assuming for the
         purposes of this clause (d) that all of the shares of Common Stock then
         issuable upon exercise of the Warrant are outstanding at the
         Determination Date.

                  1.3 COMPANY ACKNOWLEDGMENT. The Company will, at the time of
the exercise of the Warrant, upon the request of the holder hereof acknowledge
in writing its continuing obligation to afford to such holder any rights to
which such holder shall continue to be entitled after such exercise in
accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. If the holder shall fail to make
any such request, such failure shall not affect the continuing obligation of the
Company to afford to such holder any such rights.

                  1.4 TRUSTEE FOR WARRANT HOLDERS. In the event that a bank or
trust company shall have been appointed as trustee for the holders of the
Warrant pursuant to Subsection 3.2, such bank or trust company shall have all
the powers and duties of a warrant agent (as hereinafter described) and shall
accept, in its own name for the account of the Company or such successor person
as may be entitled thereto, all amounts otherwise payable to the Company or such
successor, as the case may be, on exercise of this Warrant pursuant to this
Section 1.

                                        2
<PAGE>

         2. PROCEDURE FOR EXERCISE.

                  2.1 DELIVERY OF STOCK CERTIFICATES, ETC., ON EXERCISE. The
Company agrees that the shares of Common Stock purchased upon exercise of this
Warrant shall be deemed to be issued to the Holder as the record owner of such
shares as of the close of business on the date on which this Warrant shall have
been surrendered and payment made for such shares in accordance herewith. As
soon as practicable after the exercise of this Warrant in full or in part, and
in any event within three (3) business days thereafter, the Company at its
expense (including the payment by it of any applicable issue taxes) will cause
to be issued in the name of and delivered to the Holder, or as such Holder (upon
payment by such Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may direct in
compliance with applicable securities laws, a certificate or certificates for
the number of duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock (or Other Securities) to which such Holder shall be entitled on
such exercise, plus, in lieu of any fractional share to which such holder would
otherwise be entitled, cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the then Fair
Market Value of one full share, together with any other stock or other
securities and property (including cash, where applicable) to which such Holder
is entitled upon such exercise pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise.

                  2.2 EXERCISE. Payment may be made either (i) in cash or by
certified or official bank check payable to the order of the Company equal to
the applicable aggregate Exercise Price, (ii) by delivery of the Warrant, or
shares of Common Stock and/or Common Stock receivable upon exercise of the
Warrant in accordance with the formula set forth below in this Section 2.2, or
(iii) by a combination of any of the foregoing methods, for the number of Common
Shares specified in such Exercise Notice (as such exercise number shall be
adjusted to reflect any adjustment in the total number of shares of Common Stock
issuable to the Holder per the terms of this Warrant) and the Holder shall
thereupon be entitled to receive the number of duly authorized, validly issued,
fully-paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (or Other Securities)
determined as provided herein. Notwithstanding any provisions herein to the
contrary, if the Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock is greater than
the Exercise Price (at the date of calculation as set forth below), in lieu of
exercising this Warrant for cash, the Holder may elect to receive shares equal
to the value (as determined below) of this Warrant (or the portion thereof being
exercised) by surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company
together with the properly endorsed Exercise Notice in which event the Company
shall issue to the Holder a number of shares of Common Stock computed using the
following formula:

         X=Y            (A-B)
                       ---------
                          A

         Where X =    the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the
                      Holder

         Y =      the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable under the
                  Warrant or, if only a portion of the Warrant is being
                  exercised, the portion of the Warrant being exercised (at the
                  date of such calculation)

         A =      the Fair Market Value of one share of the Company's Common
                  Stock (at the date of such calculation)

         B =      Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation)

         3. EFFECT OF REORGANIZATION, ETC.; ADJUSTMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE.

                                       3
<PAGE>

                  3.1 REORGANIZATION, CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, ETC. In case at any
time or from time to time, the Company shall (a) effect a reorganization, (b)
consolidate with or merge into any other person, or (c) transfer all or
substantially all of its properties or assets to any other person under any plan
or arrangement contemplating the dissolution of the Company, then, in each such
case, as a condition to the consummation of such a transaction, proper and
adequate provision shall be made by the Company whereby the Holder of this
Warrant, on the exercise hereof as provided in Section 1 at any time after the
consummation of such reorganization, consolidation or merger or the effective
date of such dissolution, as the case may be, shall receive, in lieu of the
Common Stock (or Other Securities) issuable on such exercise prior to such
consummation or such effective date, the stock and other securities and property
(including cash) to which such Holder would have been entitled upon such
consummation or in connection with such dissolution, as the case may be, if such
Holder had so exercised this Warrant, immediately prior thereto, all subject to
further adjustment thereafter as provided in Section 4.

                  3.2 DISSOLUTION. In the event of any dissolution of the
Company following the transfer of all or substantially all of its properties or
assets, the Company, concurrently with any distributions made to holders of its
Common Stock, shall at its expense deliver or cause to be delivered to the
Holder the stock and other securities and property (including cash, where
applicable) receivable by the Holder of the Warrant pursuant to Section 3.1, or,
if the Holder shall so instruct the Company, to a bank or trust company
specified by the Holder and having its principal office in New York, NY as
trustee for the Holder of the Warrant (the "Trustee").

                  3.3 CONTINUATION OF TERMS. Upon any reorganization,
consolidation, merger or transfer (and any dissolution following any transfer)
referred to in this Section 3, this Warrant shall continue in full force and
effect and the terms hereof shall be applicable to the shares of stock and other
securities and property receivable on the exercise of this Warrant after the
consummation of such reorganization, consolidation or merger or the effective
date of dissolution following any such transfer, as the case may be, and shall
be binding upon the issuer of any such stock or other securities, including, in
the case of any such transfer, the person acquiring all or substantially all of
the properties or assets of the Company, whether or not such person shall have
expressly assumed the terms of this Warrant as provided in Section 4. In the
event this Warrant does not continue in full force and effect after the
consummation of the transactions described in this Section 3, then the Company's
securities and property (including cash, where applicable) receivable by the
Holders of the Warrant will be delivered to Holder or the Trustee as
contemplated by Section 3.2.

         4. EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS REGARDING COMMON STOCK. In the event that the
Company shall (a) issue additional shares of the Common Stock as a dividend or
other distribution on outstanding Common Stock, (b) subdivide its outstanding
shares of Common Stock, or (c) combine its outstanding shares of the Common
Stock into a smaller number of shares of the Common Stock, then, in each such
event, the Exercise Price shall, simultaneously with the happening of such
event, be adjusted by multiplying the then Exercise Price by a fraction, the
numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to such event and the denominator of which shall be the number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the
product so obtained shall thereafter be the Exercise Price then in effect. The
Exercise Price, as so adjusted, shall be readjusted in the same manner upon the
happening of any successive event or events described herein in this Section 4.
The number of shares of Common Stock that the holder of this Warrant shall
thereafter, on the exercise hereof as provided in Section 1, be entitled to
receive shall be adjusted to a number determined by multiplying the number of
shares of Common Stock that would otherwise (but for the provisions of this
Section 4) be issuable on such exercise by a fraction of which (a) the numerator
is the Exercise Price that would otherwise (but for the provisions of this
Section 4) be in effect, and (b) the denominator is the Exercise Price in effect
on the date of such exercise.

                                       4
<PAGE>

         5. CERTIFICATE AS TO ADJUSTMENTS. In each case of any adjustment or
readjustment in the shares of Common Stock (or Other Securities) issuable on the
exercise of the Warrant, the Company at its expense will promptly cause its
Chief Financial Officer or other appropriate designee to compute such adjustment
or readjustment in accordance with the terms of the Warrant and prepare a
certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail
the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, including a
statement of (a) the consideration received or receivable by the Company for any
additional shares of Common Stock (or Other Securities) issued or sold or deemed
to have been issued or sold, (b) the number of shares of Common Stock (or Other
Securities) outstanding or deemed to be outstanding, and (c) the Exercise Price
and the number of shares of Common Stock to be received upon exercise of this
Warrant, in effect immediately prior to such adjustment or readjustment and as
adjusted or readjusted as provided in this Warrant. The Company will forthwith
mail a copy of each such certificate to the holder of the Warrant and any
Warrant agent of the Company (appointed pursuant to Section 11 hereof).

         6. RESERVATION OF STOCK, ETC., ISSUABLE ON EXERCISE OF WARRANT. The
Company will at all times reserve and keep available, solely for issuance and
delivery on the exercise of the Warrant, shares of Common Stock (or Other
Securities) from time to time issuable on the exercise of the Warrant.

         7. ASSIGNMENT; EXCHANGE OF WARRANT. Subject to compliance with
applicable securities laws, this Warrant, and the rights evidenced hereby, may
be transferred by any registered holder hereof (a "Transferor") in whole or in
part. On the surrender for exchange of this Warrant, with the Transferor's
endorsement in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto (the "Transferor
Endorsement Form") and together with evidence reasonably satisfactory to the
Company demonstrating compliance with applicable securities laws, which shall
include, without limitation, the provision of a legal opinion from the
Transferor's counsel (at the Company's expense) that such transfer is exempt
from the registration requirements of applicable securities laws, and with
payment by the Transferor of any applicable transfer taxes) will issue and
deliver to or on the order of the Transferor thereof a new Warrant of like
tenor, in the name of the Transferor and/or the transferee(s) specified in such
Transferor Endorsement Form (each a "Transferee"), calling in the aggregate on
the face or faces thereof for the number of shares of Common Stock called for on
the face or faces of the Warrant so surrendered by the Transferor.

         8. REPLACEMENT OF WARRANT. On receipt of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of
this Warrant and, in the case of any such loss, theft or destruction of this
Warrant, on delivery of an indemnity agreement or security reasonably
satisfactory in form and amount to the Company or, in the case of any such
mutilation, on surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company at its
expense will execute and deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Warrant of like tenor.

         9. REGISTRATION RIGHTS. The Holder of this Warrant has been granted
certain registration rights by the Company. These registration rights are set
forth in a Registration Rights Agreement entered into by the Company and Holder
dated as of even date of this Warrant.

         10. MAXIMUM EXERCISE. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the
contrary, the Holder shall not be entitled to convert pursuant to the terms of
this Warrant an amount that would be convertible into that number of shares of
Common Stock which, when added to the number of shares of Common Stock otherwise
beneficially owned by such Holder including those issuable upon exercise of


                                       5
<PAGE>

warrants held by such Holder would exceed 4.99% of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock of the Company at the time of conversion. For the purposes of the
immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Regulation 13d-3
thereunder. The conversion limitation described in this paragraph 10 shall
automatically become null and void without any notice to the Company upon the
occurrence and during the continuance beyond any applicable grace period of an
Event of Default, or upon 75 days prior notice to the Company, except that at no
time shall the beneficial ownership exceed 19.99% of the Common Stock.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable by the Company and acquirable by the Holder at a price
below $1.25 per share pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, the Note made by
the Company to the Holder dated the date hereof (as amended, modified or
supplemented from time to time, the "Note"), the Purchase Agreement (as defined
in the Note) or any Related Agreement (as defined in the Purchase Agreement),
shall not exceed an aggregate of 3,767,430 shares of the Company's Common Stock
(subject to appropriate adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, or other
similar recapitalizations affecting the Common Stock) (the "MAXIMUM COMMON STOCK
ISSUANCE"), unless the issuance of shares hereunder in excess of the Maximum
Common Stock Issuance shall first be approved by the Company's shareholders. If
at any point in time and from time to time the number of shares of Common Stock
issued pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, the Note, the Purchase Agreement
or any Related Agreement, together with the number of shares of Common Stock
that would then be issuable by the Company to the Holder in the event of a
conversion or exercise pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, the Note, the
Purchase Agreement or any Related Agreement, would exceed the Maximum Common
Stock Issuance but for this paragraph, the Company shall promptly call a
shareholders meeting to solicit shareholder approval for the issuance of the
shares of Common Stock hereunder in excess of the Maximum Common Stock Issuance.

         11. WARRANT AGENT. The Company may, by written notice to the each
Holder of the Warrant, appoint an agent for the purpose of issuing Common Stock
(or Other Securities) on the exercise of this Warrant pursuant to Section 1,
exchanging this Warrant pursuant to Section 7, and replacing this Warrant
pursuant to Section 8, or any of the foregoing, and thereafter any such
issuance, exchange or replacement, as the case may be, shall be made at such
office by such agent.

         12. TRANSFER ON THE COMPANY'S BOOKS. Until this Warrant is transferred
on the books of the Company, the Company may treat the registered holder hereof
as the absolute owner hereof for all purposes, notwithstanding any notice to the
contrary.

         13. NOTICES, ETC. All notices and other communications from the Company
to the Holder of this Warrant shall be mailed by first class registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid, at such address as may have been furnished to
the Company in writing by such Holder or, until any such Holder furnishes to the
Company an address, then to, and at the address of, the last Holder of this
Warrant who has so furnished an address to the Company.

         14. MISCELLANEOUS. This Warrant and any term hereof may be changed,
waived, discharged or terminated only by an instrument in writing signed by the
party against which enforcement of such change, waiver, discharge or termination
is sought. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
Any action brought concerning the transactions contemplated by this Warrant
shall be brought only in the state courts of New York or in the federal courts
located in the state of New York; provided, however, that the Holder may choose


                                       6
<PAGE>

to waive this provision and bring an action outside the state of New York. The
individuals executing this Warrant on behalf of the Company agree to submit to
the jurisdiction of such courts and waive trial by jury. The prevailing party
shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney's fees
and costs. In the event that any provision of this Warrant is invalid or
unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision
shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and
shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such
provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Warrant.
The headings in this Warrant are for purposes of reference only, and shall not
limit or otherwise affect any of the terms hereof. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or
enforceability of any other provision hereof. The Company acknowledges that
legal counsel participated in the preparation of this Warrant and, therefore,
stipulates that the rule of construction that ambiguities are to be resolved
against the drafting party shall not be applied in the interpretation of this
Warrant to favor any party against the other party.

                   [BALANCE OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK;
                            SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS.]



                                       7
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this Warrant as of the
date first written above.

                                         NETGURU, INC.

WITNESS:
                                         By:
                                                   -----------------------------
                                         Name:
                                                   -----------------------------
                                         Title:
- -----------------------------------                -----------------------------


                                       8

