
<PAGE>

Exhibit 10.5


THIS NOTE AND THE COMMON SHARES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS NOTE HAVE NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. THIS NOTE AND THE COMMON SHARES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF
THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE
ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AS TO THIS NOTE UNDER SAID ACT
AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY
SATISFACTORY TO NETGURU, INC. THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.


                          SECURED CONVERTIBLE TERM NOTE
                          -----------------------------

         FOR VALUE RECEIVED, NETGURU, INC., a Delaware corporation (the
"BORROWER"), hereby promises to pay to LAURUS MASTER FUND, LTD., c/o M&C
Corporate Services Limited, P.O. Box 309 GT, Ugland House, South Church Street,
George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands, Fax: 345-949-8080 (the "HOLDER") or
its registered assigns or successors in interest, on order, the sum of One
Million Dollars ($1,000,000), together with any accrued and unpaid interest
hereon, on December 23, 2007 (the "MATURITY DATE") if not sooner paid.

         Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the
meanings ascribed to such terms in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement
dated as of the date hereof between the Borrower and the Holder (as amended,
modified or supplemented from time to time, the "PURCHASE AGREEMENT").

The following terms shall apply to this Note:

                                    ARTICLE I
                             INTEREST & AMORTIZATION

         1.1(a) INTEREST RATE. Subject to Sections 4.11 and 5.6 hereof, interest
payable on this Note shall accrue at a rate per annum (the "Interest Rate")
equal to the "prime rate" published in THE WALL STREET JOURNAL from time to
time, plus one percent (1.0%). The prime rate shall be increased or decreased as
the case may be for each increase or decrease in the prime rate in an amount
equal to such increase or decrease in the prime rate; each change to be
effective as of the day of the change in such rate. Subject to Section 1.1(b)
hereof, the Interest Rate shall not be less than five percent (5.0%). Interest
shall be (i) calculated on the basis of a 360 day year, and (ii) payable
monthly, in arrears, commencing on February 1, 2005 and on the first business
day of each consecutive calendar month thereafter until the Maturity Date (and
on the Maturity Date), whether by acceleration or otherwise (each, a "REPAYMENT
DATE").

         1.1 (b) INTEREST RATE ADJUSTMENT. The Interest Rate shall be calculated
on the last business day of each month hereafter until the Maturity Date (each a
"Determination Date") and shall be subject to adjustment as set forth herein.
With effect beginning January 1, 2005, if (i) the Borrower shall have registered
the shares of the Borrower's common stock underlying each of the conversion of
the Note and that certain warrant issued to Holder on a registration statement


                                       1
<PAGE>

declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), and
(ii) the volume weighted average price (the "VWAP") of the Common Stock as
reported by Bloomberg, L.P. on the Principal Market (as defined below) for the
seven (7) trading days immediately preceding a Determination Date exceeds the
then applicable Fixed Conversion Price by at least thirty percent (30.0%), the
Interest Rate for the succeeding calendar month shall automatically be reduced
by 200 basis points (200 b.p.) (2.0.%) for each incremental twenty five percent
(25%) increase in the Market Price of the Common Stock above the then applicable
Fixed Conversion Price. If (i) the Borrower shall not have registered the shares
of the Borrower's common stock underlying the conversion of the Note and that
certain warrant issued to Holder on a registration statement declared effective
by the SEC and which remains effective, and (ii) the Market Price of the Common
Stock as reported by Bloomberg, L.P. on the principal market for the five (5)
trading days immediately preceding a Determination Date exceeds the then
applicable Fixed Conversion Price by at least twenty five percent (25%), the
Interest Rate for the succeeding calendar month shall automatically be decreased
by 100 basis points (100 b.p.) (1.0.%) for each incremental twenty five percent
(25%) increase in the Market Price of the Common Stock above the then applicable
Fixed Conversion Price. Notwithstanding the foregoing (and anything to the
contrary contained in herein), in no event shall the Interest Rate be less than
zero percent (0%).

         1.2 MINIMUM MONTHLY PRINCIPAL PAYMENTS. Amortizing payments of the
aggregate principal amount outstanding under this Note at any time (the
"PRINCIPAL AMOUNT") shall begin on July 1, 2005 and shall recur on the first
business day of each succeeding month thereafter until the Maturity Date (each,
an "AMORTIZATION DATE"). Subject to Article 3 below, beginning on the first
Amortization Date, the Borrower shall make monthly payments to the Holder on
each Repayment Date, each in the amount of $30,000, together with any accrued
and unpaid interest to date on such portion of the Principal Amount plus any and
all other amounts which are then owing under this Note, the Purchase Agreement
or any other Related Agreement but have not been paid (collectively, the
"MONTHLY AMOUNT"). Any Principal Amount that remains outstanding on the Maturity
Date shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date.

                                   ARTICLE II
                              CONVERSION REPAYMENT

         2.1 (a) PAYMENT OF MONTHLY AMOUNT IN CASH OR COMMON STOCK. If the
Monthly Amount (or a portion thereof of such Monthly Amount if such portion of
the Monthly Amount would have been converted into shares of Common Stock but for
Section 3.2) is required to be paid in cash pursuant to Section 2.1(b), then the
Borrower shall pay the Holder an amount equal to the Monthly Amount due and
owing to the Holder on the Repayment Date in cash. If the Monthly Amount (or a
portion of such Monthly Amount if not all of the Monthly Amount may be converted
into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 3.2) is required to be paid in
shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.1(b), the number of such shares to
be issued by the Borrower to the Holder on such Repayment Date (in respect of
such portion of the Monthly Amount converted into in shares of Common Stock


                                       2
<PAGE>

pursuant to Section 2.1(b)), shall be the number determined by dividing (x) the
portion of the Monthly Amount converted into shares of Common Stock, by (y) the
then applicable Fixed Conversion Price. For purposes hereof, the initial "FIXED
CONVERSION PRICE" means $1.29 [which has been determined on the date of this
Note as an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 100% of the average closing price
for the three (3) trading days immediately prior to the date of this Note and
(ii) 100% of the average closing price for the five (5) trading days immediately
prior to the date of this Note].

         (b) MONTHLY AMOUNT CONVERSION GUIDELINES. Subject to Sections 2.1(a),
2.2, and 3.2 hereof, the Holder shall convert into shares of Common Stock all or
a portion of the Monthly Amount due on each Repayment Date according to the
following guidelines (the "CONVERSION CRITERIA"): (i) the average closing price
of the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg, L.P. on the Principal Market for
the five (5) trading days immediately preceding such Repayment Date shall be
greater than or equal to 110% of the Fixed Conversion Price and (ii) the amount
of such conversion does not exceed twenty five percent (25%) of the aggregate
dollar trading volume of the Common Stock for the thirty (30) day trading period
immediately preceding the applicable Repayment Date. If the Conversion Criteria
are not met, the Holder shall convert only such part of the Monthly Amount that
meets the Conversion Criteria. Any part of the Monthly Amount due on a Repayment
Date that the Holder has not been able to convert into shares of Common Stock
due to failure to meet the Conversion Criteria, shall be paid by the Borrower in
cash at the rate of 102% of the Monthly Amount otherwise due on such Repayment
Date, within three (3) business days of the applicable Repayment Date.

         2.2 NO EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, none of the Borrower's obligations to the Holder may be converted into
Common Stock unless (i) either (x) an effective current Registration Statement
(as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) covering the shares of Common
Stock to be issued in connection with satisfaction of such obligations exists or
(y) an exemption from registration of the Common Stock is available to pursuant
to Rule 144 of the Securities Act and (ii) no Event of Default hereunder exists
and is continuing, unless such Event of Default is cured within any applicable
cure period or is otherwise waived in writing by the Holder in whole or in part
at the Holder's option.

         2.3 OPTIONAL REDEMPTION IN CASH. The Borrower will have the option of
prepaying this Note ("OPTIONAL REDEMPTION") by paying to the Holder a sum of
money equal to one hundred four percent (104%) of the principal amount of this
Note together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon and any and all other
sums due, accrued or payable to the Holder arising under this Note, the Purchase
Agreement, or any Related Agreement (the "REDEMPTION AMOUNT") outstanding on the
Redemption Payment Date (as defined below). The Borrower shall deliver to the
Holder a written notice of redemption specifying the date for such Optional
Redemption (the "REDEMPTION PAYMENT DATE"), which date shall be seven (7)
business days after the date of the Notice of Redemption (the "REDEMPTION
PERIOD"). A Notice of Redemption shall not be effective with respect to any
portion of this Note for which the Holder has a pending election to convert
pursuant to Section 3.1, or for conversions initiated or made by the Holder
pursuant to Section 3.1 during the Redemption Period. The Redemption Amount
shall be determined as if such Holder's conversion elections had been completed
immediately prior to the date of the Notice of Redemption. On the Redemption
Payment Date, the Redemption Amount must be paid in good funds to the Holder. In
the event the Borrower fails to pay the Redemption Amount on the Redemption
Payment Date as set forth herein, then such Redemption Notice will be null and
void.

                                       3
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE III
                                CONVERSION RIGHTS

         3.1. HOLDER'S CONVERSION RIGHTS. The Holder shall have the right, but
not the obligation, to convert all or any portion of the then aggregate
outstanding principal amount of this Note, together with interest and fees due
hereon, into shares of Common Stock subject to the terms and conditions set
forth in this Article III. The Holder may exercise such right by delivery to the
Borrower of a written notice of conversion not less than one (1) day prior to
the date upon which such conversion shall occur. The shares of Common Stock to
be issued upon such conversion are herein referred to as the "CONVERSION
SHARES."

         3.2 Conversion Limitation. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to
the contrary, the Holder shall not be entitled to convert pursuant to the terms
of the Note an amount that would be convertible into that number of shares of
Common Stock which, when added to the number of shares of Common Stock otherwise
beneficially owned by such Holder including those issuable upon exercise of
warrants held by such Holder would exceed 4.99% of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock of the Borrower at the time of conversion. For the purposes of the
immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Regulation 13d-3
thereunder. The conversion limitation described in this Section 3.2 shall
automatically become null and void without any notice to Borrower upon the
occurrence and during the continuance beyond any applicable grace period of an
Event of Default, or upon 75 days prior notice to the Borrower, except that at
no time shall the beneficial ownership exceed 19.99% of the Common Stock.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable by the Borrower and acquirable by the Holder at a price
below $1.25 per share pursuant to the terms of this Note, the Purchase Agreement
or any Related Agreement, shall not exceed an aggregate of 3,767,730 shares of
the Borrower's Common Stock (subject to appropriate adjustment for stock splits,
stock dividends, or other similar recapitalizations affecting the Common Stock)
(the "MAXIMUM COMMON STOCK ISSUANCE"), unless the issuance of shares hereunder
in excess of the Maximum Common Stock Issuance shall first be approved by the
Borrower's shareholders. If at any point in time and from time to time the
number of shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the terms of this Note, the
Purchase Agreement or any Related Agreement, together with the number of shares
of Common Stock that would then be issuable by the Borrower to the Holder in the
event of a conversion or exercise pursuant to the terms of this Note, the
Purchase Agreement or any Related Agreement, would exceed the Maximum Common
Stock Issuance but for this Section 3.2, the Borrower shall promptly call a
shareholders meeting to solicit shareholder approval for the issuance of the
shares of Common Stock hereunder in excess of the Maximum Common Stock Issuance.

                                       4
<PAGE>

         3.3 MECHANICS OF HOLDER'S CONVERSION. (a) In the event that the Holder
elects to convert this Note into Common Stock, the Holder shall give notice of
such election by delivering an executed and completed notice of conversion
("NOTICE OF CONVERSION") to the Borrower and such Notice of Conversion shall
provide a breakdown in reasonable detail of the Principal Amount, accrued
interest and fees being converted. On each Conversion Date (as hereinafter
defined) and in accordance with its Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall make
the appropriate reduction to the Principal Amount, accrued interest and fees as
entered in its records and shall provide written notice thereof to the Borrower
within two (2) business days after the Conversion Date. Each date on which a
Notice of Conversion is delivered or telecopied to the Borrower in accordance
with the provisions hereof shall be deemed a Conversion Date (the "CONVERSION
DATE"). A form of Notice of Conversion to be employed by the Holder is annexed
hereto as Exhibit A.

         (b) Pursuant to the terms of the Notice of Conversion, the Borrower
will issue instructions to the transfer agent accompanied by an opinion of
counsel within one (1) business day of the date of the delivery to Borrower of
the Notice of Conversion and shall cause the transfer agent to transmit the
certificates representing the Conversion Shares to the Holder by crediting the
account of the Holder's designated broker with the Depository Trust Corporation
("DTC") through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission ("DWAC") system within
three (3) business days after receipt by the Borrower of the Notice of
Conversion (the "DELIVERY DATE"). In the case of the exercise of the conversion
rights set forth herein the conversion privilege shall be deemed to have been
exercised and the Conversion Shares issuable upon such conversion shall be
deemed to have been issued upon the date of receipt by the Borrower of the
Notice of Conversion. The Holder shall be treated for all purposes as the record
holder of such Common Stock, unless the Holder provides the Borrower written
instructions to the contrary.

         3.4 CONVERSION MECHANICS.

         (a) The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon each
conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing that portion of the
principal and interest and fees to be converted, if any, by the then applicable
Fixed Conversion Price. In the event of any conversions of outstanding principal
amount under this Note in part pursuant to this Article III, such conversions
shall be deemed to constitute conversions of outstanding principal amount
applying to Monthly Amounts for the remaining Repayment Dates in chronological
order.

         (b) The Fixed Conversion Price and number and kind of shares or other
securities to be issued upon conversion is subject to adjustment from time to
time upon the occurrence of certain events, as follows:

                                       5
<PAGE>

         A. STOCK SPLITS, COMBINATIONS AND DIVIDENDS. If the shares of Common
Stock are subdivided or combined into a greater or smaller number of shares of
Common Stock, or if a dividend is paid on the Common Stock or any preferred
stock issued by the Borrower in shares of Common Stock, the Fixed Conversion
Price or the Conversion Price, as the case may be, shall be proportionately
reduced in case of subdivision of shares or stock dividend or proportionately
increased in the case of combination of shares, in each such case by the ratio
which the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after
such event bears to the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to such event.

         B. During the period the conversion right exists, the Borrower will
reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of
shares to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon the full conversion of
this Note. The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will be duly
and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The Borrower agrees that its
issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers, agents,
and transfer agents who are charged with the duty of executing and issuing stock
certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for shares of
Common Stock upon the conversion of this Note.

         C. SHARE ISSUANCES. Subject to the provisions of this Section, if the
Borrower at any time shall issue any shares of Common Stock prior to the
conversion of the entire principal amount of the Note (otherwise than as: (i)
provided in Sections 3.4(b)A, 3.4(b)B or 3.4(b)D or this subparagraph C; (ii)
pursuant to warrants or options that may be granted in the future under any
option plan of the Borrower, or any employment agreement, joint venture, credit,
leasing or other financing agreement or any joint venture or other strategic
arrangement, in each case now or hereinafter entered into by the Borrower; (iii)
pursuant to any agreement entered into by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
for the acquisition of another business (whether by stock purchase or asset
purchase, merger or otherwise; or (iv) for services rendered by consultants;
((i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, are hereinafter referred to as the "EXCLUDED
ISSUANCES")) for a consideration less than the Fixed Conversion Price that would
be in effect at the time of such issue, then, and thereafter successively upon
each such issue, the Fixed Conversion Price shall be reduced as follows: (i) the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue
shall be multiplied by the Fixed Conversion Price in effect at the time of such
issue and the product shall be added to the aggregate consideration, if any,
received by the Borrower upon such issue of additional shares of Common Stock;
and (ii) the sum so obtained shall be divided by the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately after such issue. The resulting quotient shall be
the adjusted Fixed Conversion Price. Except for the Excluded Issuances for
purposes of this adjustment, the issuance of any security of the Borrower
carrying the right to convert such security into shares of Common Stock or of
any warrant, right or option to purchase Common Stock shall result in an
adjustment to the Fixed Conversion Price upon the issuance of shares of Common
Stock upon exercise of such conversion or purchase rights.

         D. RECLASSIFICATION, ETC. If the Borrower at any time shall, by
reclassification or otherwise, change the Common Stock into the same or a
different number of securities of any class or classes, this Note, as to the
unpaid Principal Amount and accrued interest thereon, shall thereafter be deemed
to evidence the right to purchase an adjusted number of such securities and kind
of securities as would have been issuable as the result of such change with
respect to the Common Stock immediately prior to such reclassification or other
change.

                                       6
<PAGE>

         3.5 ISSUANCE OF NEW NOTE. Upon any partial conversion of this Note, a
new Note containing the same date and provisions of this Note shall, at the
request of the Holder, be issued by the Borrower to the Holder for the principal
balance of this Note and interest which shall not have been converted or paid.
Subject to the provisions of Article IV, the Borrower will pay no costs, fees or
any other consideration to the Holder for the production and issuance of a new
Note.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                                EVENTS OF DEFAULT

           Upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default beyond any
applicable grace period, the Holder may make all sums of principal, interest and
other fees then remaining unpaid hereon and all other amounts payable hereunder
immediately due and payable. In the event of such an acceleration, the amount
due and owing to the Holder shall be 115% of the outstanding principal amount of
the Note (plus accrued and unpaid interest and fees, if any) (the "DEFAULT
PAYMENT"). The Default Payment shall be applied first to any fees due and
payable to Holder pursuant to the Note or the Related Agreements, then to
accrued and unpaid interest due on the Note and then to outstanding principal
balance of the Note.

         The Default Payment shall be due and payable on the fifth (5th)
business day after the date written notice is sent from the Holder to the
Borrower of an Event of Default as defined in Article IV ("DEFAULT PAYMENT
DATE"). The period between the date of the written notice from the Holder to the
Borrower of an Event of Default and the Default Payment Date shall be the
"DEFAULT NOTICE PERIOD." If during the Default Notice Period, the Borrower cures
the Event of Default, the Event of Default will no longer exist and any rights
the Holder had pertaining to the Event of Default will no longer exist. If the
Event of Default is not cured during the Default Notice Period, all amounts
payable hereunder shall be due and payable on the Default Payment Date, all
without further demand, presentment or notice, or grace period, all of which
hereby are expressly waived.

         The occurrence of any of the following events set forth in Sections 4.1
through 4.10, inclusive, is an "EVENT OF DEFAULT":

         4.1 FAILURE TO PAY PRINCIPAL, INTEREST OR OTHER FEES. The Borrower
fails to pay when due any installment of principal, interest or other fees
hereon in accordance herewith, or the Borrower fails to pay when due any amount
due under any other promissory note issued by Borrower, and in any such case,
such failure shall continue for a period of four (4) days following the date
upon which any such payment was due.

         4.2 BREACH OF COVENANT. The Borrower breaches any covenant or any other
term or condition of this Note, the Purchase Agreement or any Related Agreement
in any material respect, and, in any such case, such breach, if subject to cure,
continues for a period of thirty (30) days after the occurrence thereof.

                                       7
<PAGE>

         4.3 BREACH OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Any representation or
warranty made by the Borrower in this Note, the Purchase Agreement or in any
Related Agreement shall, in any such case, be false or misleading in any
material respect on the date that such representation or warranty was made or
deemed made; provided, however, the Borrower shall have thirty (30) business
days to cure such failure.

         4.4 RECEIVER OR TRUSTEE. The Borrower shall make an assignment for the
benefit of creditors, or apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver
or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business; or such
a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed.

         4.5 JUDGMENTS. Any money judgment, writ or similar final process shall
be entered or filed against the Borrower or any of its property or other assets
for more than $250,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a
period of ninety (90) days.

         4.6 BANKRUPTCY. Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation
proceedings or other proceedings or relief under any bankruptcy law or any law
for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower;
provided however, that where such action is instituted against the Borrower but
is dismissed within thirty (30) days after the filing of such petition, this
provision shall not apply to such action.

         4.7 STOP TRADE. An SEC stop trade order or Principal Market trading
suspension of the Common Stock shall be in effect for five (5) consecutive days
or five (5) days during a period of ten (10) consecutive days, excluding in all
cases a suspension of all trading on a Principal Market, PROVIDED that the
Borrower shall not have been able to cure such trading suspension within thirty
(30) days of the notice thereof or list the Common Stock on another Principal
Market within sixty (60) days of such notice. The "Principal Market" for the
Common Stock shall include the NASD OTC Bulletin Board, NASDAQ SmallCap Market,
NASDAQ National Market System, American Stock Exchange, or New York Stock
Exchange (whichever of the foregoing is at the time the principal trading
exchange or market for the Common Stock).

         4.8 FAILURE TO DELIVER COMMON STOCK OR REPLACEMENT NOTE. The Borrower
shall fail (i) to timely deliver Common Stock to the Holder pursuant to and in
the form required by this Note, and Section 9 of the Purchase Agreement, if such
failure to timely deliver Common Stock shall not be cured within two (2)
business days or (ii) to deliver a replacement Note to Holder within seven (7)
business days following the required date of such issuance pursuant to this
Note, the Purchase Agreement or any Related Agreement (to the extent required
under such agreements).

4.9 DEFAULT UNDER RELATED AGREEMENTS OR OTHER AGREEMENTS. The(i) occurrence and
continuance of any Event of Default (as defined in the Purchase Agreement or any
Related Agreement) , (ii) occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default as
defined in that certain Amended and Restated Convertible Note of the Borrower in
the original principal amount of $2,400,000 issued to the Holder effective as of
December 4, 2003, or (iii) any event of default in excess of $200,000 (or
similar term) under any other indebtedness of the Borrower.

                                       8
<PAGE>

         4.10 CHANGE IN CONTROL. The occurrence of a change in the controlling
ownership of the Borrower.

                           DEFAULT RELATED PROVISIONS

         4.11 DEFAULT INTEREST RATE. Following the occurrence and during the
continuance of an Event of Default, the Borrower shall pay additional interest
on this Note in an amount equal to five percent (5%) per annum, and all
outstanding obligations under this Note, including unpaid interest, shall
continue to accrue such additional interest from the date of such Event of
Default until the date such Event of Default is cured or waived.

         4.12 CONVERSION PRIVILEGES. The conversion privileges set forth in
Article III shall remain in full force and effect immediately from the date
hereof and until this Note is paid in full.

         4.13 CUMULATIVE REMEDIES. The remedies under this Note shall be
cumulative.

                                    ARTICLE V
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

         5.1 FAILURE OR INDULGENCE NOT WAIVER. No failure or delay on the part
of the Holder hereof in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of
any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or
of any other right, power or privilege. All rights and remedies existing
hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies
otherwise available.

         5.2 NOTICES. Any notice herein required or permitted to be given shall
be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery
to the party notified, (b) when sent by confirmed telex or facsimile if sent
during normal business hours of the recipient, if not, then on the next business
day, (c) five days after having been sent by registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one day after deposit with a
nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with
written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the
Borrower at the address provided in the Purchase Agreement executed in
connection herewith, and to the Holder at the address provided in the Purchase
Agreement for such Holder, with a copy to John E. Tucker, Esq., 825 Third
Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, New York 10022, facsimile number (212) 541-4434,
or at such other address as the Borrower or the Holder may designate by ten days
advance written notice to the other parties hereto. A Notice of Conversion shall
be deemed given when made to the Borrower pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

         5.3 AMENDMENT PROVISION. The term "Note" and all reference thereto, as
used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally
executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or
supplemented, and any successor instrument issued pursuant to Section 3.5
hereof, as it may be amended or supplemented.

                                       9
<PAGE>

         5.4 ASSIGNABILITY. This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its
successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns, and may be assigned by the Holder in accordance with the
requirements of the Purchase Agreement. This Note shall not be assigned by the
Borrower without the consent of the Holder.

         5.5 GOVERNING LAW. This Note shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles
of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other
concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be brought only
in the state courts of New York or in the federal courts located in the State of
New York. Both parties and the individual signing this Note on behalf of the
Borrower agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. The prevailing
party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable
attorney's fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Note is
invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such
provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict
therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of
law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this
Note. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder
from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Borrower in any
other jurisdiction to collect on the Borrower's obligations to Holder, to
realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations, or to
enforce a judgment or other court in favor of the Holder.

         5.6 MAXIMUM PAYMENTS. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to
establish or require the payment of a rate of interest or other charges in
excess of the maximum permitted by applicable law. In the event that the rate of
interest required to be paid or other charges hereunder exceed the maximum
permitted by such law, any payments in excess of such maximum shall be credited
against amounts owed by the Borrower to the Holder and thus refunded to the
Borrower.

         5.7 SECURITY INTEREST. The holder of this Note has been granted a
security interest in certain assets of the Borrower more fully described in a
Master Security Agreement dated as of the date hereof.

         5.8 CONSTRUCTION. Each party acknowledges that its legal counsel
participated in the preparation of this Note and, therefore, stipulates that the
rule of construction that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting
party shall not be applied in the interpretation of this Note to favor any party
against the other.

         5.9 COST OF COLLECTION. If default is made in the payment of this Note,
the Borrower shall pay to Holder reasonable costs of collection, including
reasonable attorney's fees.



       [Balance of page intentionally left blank; signature page follows.]

                                       10
<PAGE>



         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in
its name effective as of this 23rd day of December, 2004.


                                                     NETGURU, INC.


                                                     By:________________________
                                                     Name:______________________
                                                     Title:_____________________

WITNESS:

_____________________________



                                       11

