

THIS NOTE AND THE  UNDERLYING  COMMON STOCK INTO WHICH THIS NOTE IS  CONVERTIBLE
("THE  UNDERLYING  COMMON STOCK") HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED  UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933 OR UNDER ANY  APPLICABLE  STATE  LAW.  THIS NOTE AND THE  UNDERLYING
COMMON STOCK MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE,  SOLD,  TRANSFERRED OR PLEDGED WITHOUT
(1) REGISTRATION  UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE LAW,
OR (2) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL  (SATISFACTORY  TO GRIDLINE  COMMUNICATIONS  CORP.)
THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.



                  8.0% CONVERTIBLE NOTE DUE SEPTEMBER 10, 2005


$___________                                                      ________, 2004

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  Gridline Communications Corp., a corporation duly organized
and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, having an address of 14505
Torrey Chase Blvd., Suite 400, Houston, Texas 77478 (the "CORPORATION"),  hereby
promises  to pay to the  order of  ____________________,  having an  address  of
_________________________________________.  (HOLDER"),  the  principal  sum of $
___,000.00  (the  "PRINCIPAL  AMOUNT") on the 10th day of  September,  2005 (the
"MATURITY  DATE"),  together  with interest on the  aggregate  unpaid  principal
amount  outstanding at the rate of 8.0% per annum.  Interest on the  outstanding
principal  amount  shall accrue from the date hereof and continue up to, but not
including,  the date of payment.  All accrued  and unpaid  interest  outstanding
shall be payable by the  Corporation  on the  Maturity  Date.  Interest  will be
computed on the  outstanding  daily  principal  balance for the actual number of
days that such amount is outstanding hereunder based on a 365-day year.

1.   CONVERSION  RIGHTS.  At any time  prior to the  Maturity  Date and prior to
payment or  redemption  of this  Note,  and,  in the event that the  Corporation
elects to  redeem or pay this Note  prior to  maturity,  within  ten days  after
Holder's receipt of any redemption or prepayment notice,  Holder may at his sole
discretion  convert  the entire  principal  amount of this Note,  or any portion
thereof,  together  with  accrued and unpaid  interest,  if any,  into shares of
common stock of the Corporation  ("COMMON STOCK) at the conversion  price of ten
cents ($0.10) per share of Common  Stock,  subject to  adjustments  as described
below (the CONVERSION  PRICE). The right to convert this Note by Holder after it
is called for redemption  will terminate at the close of the tenth day following
receipt  by  Holder of a  redemption  notice;  provided  that  such  period  for
Conversion  may  be  extended  by  the  Corporation  at its  sole  and  absolute
discretion.


                                       1
<PAGE>


Upon conversion of this Note (or any portion  thereof) at the election of Holder
pursuant  to this  SECTION 1, all accrued  and unpaid  interest  relating to the
portion  of  the  Note  so  converted  shall  be  converted  into  Common  Stock
simultaneously  with such conversion.  No fractional  shares will be issued upon
conversion,  but a cash payment will be made for any  fractional  interest based
upon the conversion price per share of the Common Stock.

2.   EXERCISE OF CONVERSION.  The Holder may exercise his right of conversion at
any time authorized under SECTION 1 above through the following procedure:

     (a) DELIVERY OF CONVERSION  NOTICE.  Delivery of written notice in the form
annexed  hereto  as  Exhibit  A (the  "CONVERSION  NOTICE),  to the  Corporation
pursuant to any method  authorized under Section 12 hereof prior to the Maturity
Date. The date on which the Conversion  Notice is received by the Corporation is
herein called the "CONVERSION DATE"; and

     (b)  SURRENDER OF ORIGINAL  NOTE.  Surrender of this  original  Note to the
Corporation  no later than five (5) business  days  thereafter in exchange for a
share certificate for the appropriate  number of shares of Common Stock, and, if
less  than the full  amount  of debt  represented  by the Note is  converted,  a
replacement Note representing the balance of the debt which remains outstanding.
Surrender  of the  Note by the  Holder  to the  Corporation  shall be a good and
sufficient  discharge  to the  Corporation,  subject to the  delivery of a share
certificate  for  the  appropriate  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  and a
replacement Note for the remaining balance of the debt evidenced by this Note if
less than all amounts then outstanding hereunder are converted.

     (c) ORDER OF CONVERSION. In each case in which the Holder elects to convert
a specified  portion of this Note into shares of Common  Stock,  amounts due and
payable under this Note shall be converted in the  following  order of priority:
all accrued and unpaid  interest  then due and payable  under this Note shall be
first converted,  then each scheduled payment shall be converted in the order of
its  maturity,  with  the  principal  amount  of next  such  payment  due  first
converted,  such that if the Holder  converts  portions of this Note into Common
Stock,  such conversion  reduces future payments next due hereunder in the order
of their maturity to the extent of the indebtedness so converted.

3.   CONVERTED SHARES. The shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion will be
recorded on the books of the  Corporation as of the Conversion  Date in the name
of the Holder or its nominee, and will rank pari passu with the issued and fully
paid shares of Common Stock of the  Corporation  outstanding  on the  Conversion
Date,  and the Holder will  accordingly  be entitled to any  dividends  or other
distributions  declared,  made,  or paid  on the  Common  Stock  or  after  such
Conversion  Date. The Common Stock issued upon conversion may not be transferred
or sold except pursuant to a transaction  registered under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the SECURITIES ACT) or pursuant to an exemption therefrom. The
share  certificate  representing  such shares  shall bear a  restrictive  legend
concerning such restrictions on transfer.

4.   ADJUSTMENT  UPON  CONVERSION.  The  Conversion  Price of this Note shall be
adjusted proportionately to compensate for the amount Holder would have received
had  Holder  converted  this  Note to  Common  Stock  immediately  prior  to the
occurrence of the following events:

     (a) STOCK DIVIDEND. The issuance of shares of Common Stock as a dividend or
a distribution on the Common Stock;

     (b) STOCK SPLIT.  The subdivision or combination of the outstanding  Common
Stock; and

                                       2
<PAGE>

     (c) DISTRIBUTIONS OF PROPERTY.  The distribution to holders of Common Stock
of shares of capital stock of the Corporation  (other than Common Stock),  cash,
securities (including securities of the Corporation or any other entity, but not
including the Common Stock in clause (b) above),  evidences of indebtedness,  or
other non-cash assets which,  together with all such distributions to holders of
Common  Stock  within the  preceding 12 months that did not trigger a Conversion
Price adjustment,  to the extent such distributions exceed, in the aggregate, an
amount equal to 10% of the book value of the total assets of the  Corporation as
of the end of the day  preceding  the record date for  determining  shareholders
entitled to receive such distribution.

In the event of a distribution  to holders of Common Stock of cash,  securities,
evidences of  indebtedness,  or other  non-cash  assets,  the  Corporation  may,
instead of making any adjustment in the Conversion Price, make proper provisions
so that each  holder who  converts  a Note (or any  portion  thereof)  after the
record date for such  distribution  and prior to the expiration or redemption of
such Note shall be entitled to receive upon such conversion,  in addition to the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion,  an appropriate  amount of such
cash,  securities,  evidences of  indebtedness,  or other  non-cash  assets.  No
adjustment  to the  Conversion  Price  will be  required  to be made  unless the
cumulative  effect of such adjustment would result in an increase or decrease of
at least 1.0% in the amount of the Conversion Price as last adjusted.

As a condition  precedent  to the taking of any action  which  would  require an
adjustment  in respect of the  Holder's  rights under this Note,  including  the
Conversion  Price and the number and classes of shares  which are to be received
upon the conversion  hereof,  the Corporation  shall take such corporate  action
which may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to enable the Corporation
to validly and legally issue a sufficient  number of shares of Common Stock,  as
fully paid and  non-assessable  shares,  such that the Holder may receive all of
the  Common  Stock to which  the  Holder  is  entitled  in  accordance  with the
provisions hereof.

Immediately  after the  occurrence of any event which  requires an adjustment in
any of the Holder's rights under this Note,  including the Conversion  Price and
the number and classes of shares  which are to be received  upon the  conversion
hereof, the Corporation shall forthwith give written notice to the Holder of the
particulars of such event and the required adjustment.

If at any time the  Corporation  proposes to proceed  with any of the events set
forth in subsections  (a), (b), and (c) of this Section,  or a  distribution  to
holders of Common  Stock of rights to  subscribe  for  additional  shares of the
Corporation  capital  stock  (other than those  referred to in (c) above,  (each
referred to as a "CORPORATE ALTERATION"), and if the holders of shares of Common
Stock are entitled under the Corporation's certificate of incorporation,  bylaws
or applicable law to vote in respect of such proposed Corporate Alteration, then
the Corporation  shall give to the Holder at least 10 days' prior written notice
of the date on which the books of the Corporation  shall close or a record shall
be taken for such Corporate  Alteration or for  determining  rights to vote with
respect to such Corporate  Alteration and at least 10 days' prior written notice
of the date when the same shall take place.

In the event of any  question  arising with  respect to the  calculation  of any
adjustments herein provided for, such question shall be conclusively  determined
by the  Corporation's  board of  directors,  acting  in good  faith and with the
advice of such  professionals  as it may deem  advisable and such  determination
shall be binding upon the Holder.

                                       3
<PAGE>

5.   RIGHT OF REPAYMENT.

(a)  RANKING.  This Note is unsecured as to payment of principal  and  interest,
and ranks pari passu with all other unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness of the
Corporation.

(b)  NO SINKING FUND. No sinking fund is provided for this Note.

(c)  NO  LIMITATION  ON  SENIOR  INDEBTEDNESS.  This  Note  does not  limit  the
Corporation's  ability  to incur  indebtedness  senior to the Notes or any other
indebtedness.

(d)  NO  SHAREHOLDER  VOTING  RIGHTS.  This Note does not entitle  Holder to any
voting or other  rights as a  shareholder  of the  Corporation,  or other rights
whatsoever  except those  herein  expressed.  No  dividends  are payable or will
accrue on this Note or the shares purchasable hereunder until, and except to the
extent that, the Note is converted into Common Stock.

6.   CORPORATION  REDEMPTION  RIGHTS.  This Note may be redeemed at any time, in
whole or in part,  at the option of the  Corporation,  upon not less than 10 nor
more than 60 days prior  written  notice,  delivered by the  Corporation  to the
Holder as provided in Section 12 herein (the "REDEMPTION  NOTICE"),  at the cash
redemption price of 105% of the outstanding principal amount of this Note called
to be  redeemed,  together  with all  outstanding  accrued  and unpaid  interest
thereon (the "REDEMPTION PRICE").

7.   REDEMPTION PROCESS. The Corporation may exercise its right of redemption by
giving the Redemption  Notice to the Holder,  setting forth the intention of the
Corporation  to  redeem  all  or any  part  of the  outstanding  Note  on a date
("REDEMPTION  DATE) no less than 10 nor more than 60 days  following the date of
the Redemption  Notice.  Delivery of payment of the redemption  amount in United
States funds to the Holder on the Redemption Date shall be a good and sufficient
discharge to the Corporation of the debt evidenced by this Note or of any lesser
amount  redeemed  and, if less than the full amount of debt  represented  by the
Note is redeemed, the Corporation shall deliver to the Holder a replacement Note
representing the balance of the debt which remains outstanding.  Delivery of the
Redemption  Notice shall not impede the right of the Holder to convert this Note
pursuant  to its terms at any time prior to the close of  business  on the tenth
day  following  receipt by Holder of a  Redemption  Notice;  provided  that such
period  for  Conversion  may be  extended  by the  Corporation  at its  sole and
absolute discretion.

8.   MERGERS AND SALES OF ASSETS BY THE  CORPORATION.  The  Corporation  may not
consolidate  or merge with or into any other entity  (PERSON")  or directly,  or
indirectly, convey, transfer, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of its properties
and assets  substantially as an entirety to any Person,  and the Corporation may
not permit any Person to  consolidate  or merge with or into the  Corporation or
convey transfer,  sell, lease or otherwise  dispose of such Person's  properties
and assets substantially as an entirety to the Corporation, unless:


                                       4
<PAGE>

         (a) ASSUMPTION OF OBLIGATION UNDER THIS NOTE. The Person formed by such
consolidation  or into or with which the  Corporation is merged or the Person to
which the properties and assets of the Corporation are so conveyed, transferred,
sold,  leased or  otherwise  disposed  of is a  corporation,  limited  liability
corporation,  partnership or trust  organized and existing under the laws of the
United  States,  any state thereof or the District of Columbia and has expressly
assumed the due and punctual  payment of the principal of, premium,  if any, and
interest  on this  Note  and  the  performance  of the  other  covenants  of the
Corporation under this Note;

     (b)  NO  EVENT  OF  DEFAULT.   Immediately  after  giving  effect  to  such
transaction,  no Event of Default,  as defined below, and no event which,  after
notice or lapse of time or both,  would  become an Event of Default,  shall have
occurred and be continuing; and

     (c) COMPLIANCE  CERTIFICATE OR OPINION. The Corporation has provided to the
Holder an  officer's  certificate  or an  opinion of  counsel  stating  that the
Corporation is in compliance with (a) and (b) above.

9.   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  The Corporation represents and warrants to
     Holder that:

     (a) ORGANIZATION, QUALIFICATION, STANDING. The Corporation is a corporation
duly  organized,  validly  existing and in good  standing  under the laws of its
jurisdiction of incorporation, has the corporate power to own its properties and
to carry on its  businesses  as the same  are now  being  conducted  and is duly
qualified to do business and is in good standing in each  jurisdiction  in which
the  character  of the  properties  owned by it or the nature of its  businesses
makes such qualification necessary.

     (b) LITIGATION.  There is no action, suit or proceeding at law or in equity
or by or before any governmental instrumentality or agency or any arbitrator now
pending or, to the Corporation's  knowledge,  threatened,  against, or affecting
the  Corporation,  or any of its  properties  or  rights,  which,  if  adversely
determined,  might,  either in any case or in the aggregate result in a material
adverse change, or result in any substantial liability not adequately covered by
insurance,   or  for  which   adequate   reserves  are  not  maintained  on  the
Corporation's balance sheet.

     (c) DUE AUTHORIZATION AND COMPLIANCE WITH OTHER INSTRUMENTS.  This Note has
been duly and validly  authorized  by all  requisite  corporate  proceeding  and
constitutes  a  valid  and  legally   binding   obligation  of  the  Corporation
enforceable  against the  Corporation  in  accordance  with its terms  except as
enforceability is limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,
or other laws relating to or affecting  generally the  enforcement of creditors'
rights and except to the extent that  availability  of  equitable  remedies  are
subject to the discretion of courts before which any proceeding  therefor may be
brought.

     (d) TAX  RETURNS  AND  PAYMENTS.  The  Corporation  has filed all  required
information and tax returns and reports and has paid, or adequately provided for
the payment of, all taxes,  assessments and other governmental  charges that are
material  in  amount  imposed  upon  it or upon  any of its  assets,  income  or
franchises,  other than any such charges  which are  currently  payable  without
penalty or interest.


                                       5
<PAGE>

10.  HOLDER REPRESENTATIONS.

     (a)  INVESTMENT  PURPOSES.  The Holder is acquiring the Note for investment
purposes  and not with a view to the resale or  distribution  of all or any part
thereof. The Holder acknowledges that the Note has not been registered under the
Securities  Act,  or the  securities  or "blue  sky"  laws of any state or other
domestic or foreign  jurisdiction  and that none of such securities may be sold,
transferred   or  otherwise   disposed  of  except   pursuant  to  an  effective
registration statement thereunder or an applicable exemption therefrom.

     (b) ACCREDITED  INVESTOR.  The Holder (i) has such knowledge and experience
in financial and business  matters that such Holder is capable of evaluating the
merits  and  risks of his or her  investment  in the Note and has the  financial
ability to assume the monetary risk associated  therewith;  (ii) is able to bear
the  complete  loss of his or her  investment  in the Note;  has  received  such
documents and information  from the Corporation as such Holder has requested and
has had the  opportunity  to ask  questions  of and  receive  answers  from  the
Corporation  and the terms and  conditions  of the  offering of the notes and to
obtain additional  information;  (iv) is an "accredited  investor" as defined in
Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act; and (v) is not
relying upon any  statements or  instruments  made or issued by any person other
than the Corporation in making a decision to invest in the Note.

     (c)  RESTRICTIVE  LEGENDS.  Any  certificate  for Common  Stock issued upon
conversion  of the  Note and each  certificate  for  Common  Stock  issued  to a
subsequent  transferee shall be stamped or otherwise  imprinted with a legend in
substantially the following form:

     "The securities  represented by this  certificate  have not been registered
     under the  Securities  Act of 1933,  as amended  ("Securities  Act") or any
     state  securities act. The securities have been acquired for investment and
     may not be sold, transferred, pledged or hypothecated unless (i) they shall
     have been  registered  under the Securities  Act and any  applicable  state
     securities act, or (ii) the  corporation  shall have been furnished with an
     opinion of  counsel,  satisfactory  to counsel  for the  corporation,  that
     registration is not required under any such act."

11.  EVENTS OF DEFAULT.  The  following  will be Events of  Default"  under this
     Note:

     (a) failure to pay the principal or the redemption  price of this Note when
and as the  same  shall  become  due  and  payable,  either  at  maturity  or by
acceleration  or otherwise and such failure shall continue  uncured for a period
of ten (10) days after written notice from the Holder of such failure;

     (b) failure to pay any interest on this Note when due when the same becomes
due and payable and such failure shall continue uncured for a period of ten (10)
days after written notice from the Holder of such failure;

     (c) failure to perform any other covenant of the  Corporation in this Note,
continuing for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice from the Holder
of such failure;


                                       6
<PAGE>

     (d)  default  shall  be  made  if a  material  breach  shall  exist  in any
representation or warranty herein contained, and such default or material breach
shall have continued for a period of 30 days after written notice thereof to the
Corporation  from the Holder;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that if any such  default or
material  breach shall be such that it cannot be cured or corrected  within such
30-day period,  such period shall be extended for such additional period of time
(not exceeding 30 additional  days) as shall be necessary to effect such cure or
correction  if curative or corrective  action is  instituted  within said 30-day
period and thereafter diligently pursued;

     (e) final  unsatisfied  judgments not covered by insurance  aggregating  in
excess of $250,000,  at any one time rendered  against the Corporation or any of
its subsidiaries and not stayed, bonded or discharged within 30 days, or

     (g) if the  Corporation  (i) applies for or consents to the appointment of,
or if there shall be a taking of possession by, a receiver,  custodian,  trustee
or  liquidator  for  the  Corporation  or any of its  properties;  (ii)  becomes
generally  unable to pay its debts as they  become  due;  (iii)  makes a general
assignment for the benefit of creditors or becomes insolvent;  or (iv) files any
petition  for relief  under the United  States  Bankruptcy  Code or any  similar
federal or state statute, or is served with a petition for relief under any such
statute and such petition is not dismissed within 60 days of filing.

     At any time after a declaration of acceleration  has been made but before a
judgment or decree based on acceleration, the holder of the Note may rescind and
annul such acceleration,  if all Events of Default, other than the nonpayment of
accelerated  principal  and  interest,  have been cured or waived as provided in
this Note.

12.  NOTICES. Any notice, demand or other communication required or permitted to
be given to the Corporation or the Holder shall be in writing and shall be:

     (a) HAND DELIVERY. Personally delivered to the Corporation or the Holder or
any director or officer of the Corporation or the Holder;

     (b) DELIVERY BY MAIL.  Except during a period of strike,  lock-out or other
postal  disruption,  sent by registered mail,  postage prepaid to the address of
the Corporation or the Holder as set forth on the first page hereof; or

     (c)  TELECOPIER.  Sent  by  telegraph,   telecopier  or  telex  or  similar
communication  tested prior to sending and  confirmed by prepaid  registered  or
certified  mail to the address of the  Corporation or the Holder as set forth on
the first page hereof;

and, in each case described above,  shall be deemed to have been received by the
Corporation  or the  Holder  on the  earliest  of:  the date of  delivery  under
subsection  (a); the actual date of receipt where mailed under  subsection  (b);
and the day  following the date of  communication  under  subsection  (c) unless
delivered  by  certified  mail,  in which case the actual date of receipt  shall
apply.  The  Corporation or the Holder may give written notice to the other of a
change of address to some other address,  in which event any communication shall
thereafter be given to the Corporation or the Holder as  hereinbefore  provided,
at the  last  such  changed  address  of which  the  Corporation  or the  Holder
communicating has received written notice.

                                       7

<PAGE>


13.  ATTORNEYS  FEES.  Should the  indebtedness  represented by this Note or any
part thereof be collected at law or in equity, or in bankruptcy, receivership or
any other court proceedings (whether at the trial or appellate level), or should
this Note be placed in the hands of attorneys for collection upon the occurrence
of an Event of  Default,  the  Corporation  agrees to pay,  in  addition  to the
principal  and  interest  due and  payable  hereon,  all  costs  of  collection,
including reasonable attorneys' fees.

14.  NON-TRANSFERABLE  NOTE.  This Note is not  transferable  in any manner,  in
whole or in part,  without the prior written consent of the Corporation,  except
by operation of law.

15.  WAIVER.  Prior to the transfer of this Note, the  Corporation  may deem and
treat the Holder hereof as the absolute  owner hereof  (whether or not this Note
shall be overdue) for the purpose of  receiving  payment of or on account of the
principal  hereof  and  interest  hereon,  and for all other  purposes,  and the
Corporation shall not be affected by any Notice to the contrary.

Except  as  expressly   provided  for  herein,  the  Corporation  hereby  waives
presentment, demand, Notice of demand, Notice of intent to accelerate, notice of
acceleration,  protest,  notice of protest and Notice of dishonor  and any other
Notice required to be given by law in connection with the delivery,  acceptance,
performance, default or enforcement.

16.  SAVINGS CLAUSE.  In the event for any reason,  any payment by or act of the
Corporation or the Holder shall result in payment of interest which would exceed
the  limit  authorized  by or be in  violation  of the  law of the  jurisdiction
applicable to this Note,  then IPSO FACTO the  obligation of the  Corporation to
pay  interest or perform such act or  requirement  shall be reduced to the limit
authorized  under  such  law,  so that in no  event  shall  the  Corporation  be
obligated  to pay any  such  interest,  perform  any such act or be bound by any
requirement which would result in the payment of interest in excess of the limit
so  authorized.  In the event any  payment  by or act of the  Corporation  shall
result  in the  extraction  of a rate of  interest  in  excess of a sum which is
lawfully collectible as interest, then such amount (to the extent of such excess
not returned to the  Corporation)  shall,  without  further  agreement or notice
between or by the Corporation or the Holder, be deemed applied to the payment of
principal,  if any,  hereunder  immediately upon receipt of such excess funds by
the  Holder,  with the same  force  and  effect as though  the  Corporation  had
specifically  designated  such sums to be so applied to principal and the Holder
had agreed to accept such sums as an  interest-free  prepayment of this Note. If
any part of such  excess  remains  after  the  principal  has been paid in full,
whether by the  provisions  of the  preceding  sentences  of this  Section 13 or
otherwise,  such excess  shall be deemed to be an  interest-  free loan from the
Corporation to the Holder,  which loan shall be payable  immediately upon demand
by the Corporation.  The provisions of this Section 13 shall control every other
provision of this Note.

17.  RECOURSE.  No recourse  shall be had for the payment of the principal of or
the interest on this Note, against any agent, incorporator, shareholder, officer
or director,  as such,  past,  present or future,  of the  Corporation or of any
successor corporation, all such liability being, by the acceptance hereof and as
part of the consideration  for the issue hereof,  expressly waived and released.
The preceding  sentence  shall not be deemed to apply to any person's  liability
arising  out of or  related to any  conversion  of the  Corporation's  assets or
properties,   breach  of  fiduciary  duty  owed  to  the  Corporation  or  fraud
perpetrated on the Corporation or its shareholders.


                                       8
<PAGE>

18.  GOVERNING  LAW.  This Note and the  rights,  remedies,  powers,  covenants,
duties and obligations of the parties  hereunder will be construed in accordance
with and governed by the laws of the state of Texas.

19.  SEVERABILITY.  If any provision of this Note is or becomes invalid, illegal
or  unenforceable  in any  respect,  that fact  will not  affect  the  validity,
legality  or  enforceability  of the  remaining  provisions  of this Note or any
valid, legal or enforceable parts of the impugned provision.

20.  BINDING  ON  SUCCESSORS.  This Note  will  inure to the  benefit  of and be
binding  upon  the  Corporation  and the  Holder  and  their  respective  heirs,
executors, administrators, successors and permitted assigns.

21.  AMENDMENT AND WAIVER. This Note may not be amended,  waived,  discharged or
terminated  except by a document  executed by the party against whom enforcement
of the amendment, waiver, discharge or termination is sought.

22.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Note sets out the entire agreement and understanding
of  the  Corporation  and  the  Holder  and  supersedes  all  prior  agreements,
undertakings and understandings, whether oral or written, relative thereto.

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  Gridline  Communications  Corp. has caused this Note to be
signed by its President on the date first above written.

                                Gridline Communications Corp.



                                By:__________________________
                                         Blaize N. Kaduru
                                         President and Chief Executive Officer


<PAGE>



                                    EXHIBIT A

                         NOTICE OF CONVERSION BY HOLDER
                                       OF
                               8% CONVERTIBLE NOTE

     (To be Executed by the Registered Holder in Order to Convert the Note)

TO:               Gridline Communications Corp.
                  14505 Torrey Chase Blvd., Suite 400,
                  Houston, Texas 77478
                  Facsimile: _______________    Attn:  President

FROM: ________________________________________________________________("Holder")

DATE: ___________________________________________________(the "Conversion Date")


RE:  Conversion of $__________ principal amount plus $___________ of accrued and
     unpaid interest (collectively,  the "Converted Note") of the 8% Convertible
     Note dated  _____________,  2003 (the  "Note") of  GRIDLINE  COMMUNICATIONS
     CORP.  (the  "Corporation")  into shares (the  "Conversion  Shares") of the
     Company's common stock, $0.001 par value (the "Common Stock").

CONVERSION DATE:

         The captioned  Holder  hereby gives notice to the Company,  pursuant to
the Note,  that the Holder elects to convert the Converted  Note into fully paid
and  non-assessable  shares of Common Stock as of the Conversion  Date specified
above.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  Amount                            Conversion
                                Currently            Amount           Shares
                               Outstanding      To be Converted   To be Issued
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Principal Balance
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interest Balance (Accrued
and unpaid through
Conversion Date)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Based on the  Conversion  Price now in effect,  the number of Conversion  Shares
indicated above should be issued in the following name(s):

                  Name and Record Address

                  -------------------------------------
                  -------------------------------------
                  -------------------------------------


                                       10
<PAGE>

     As contemplated by the Note, this Notice of Conversion is being sent by
facsimile to the telecopier number or otherwise delivered to the officer
indicated above.

     If this Notice of Conversion represents the full conversion of the
outstanding principal and interest of the Note, the Holder either (1) has
previously surrendered the Note, duly endorsed, to the Company or (2) will
surrender (or cause to be surrendered) the Note, duly endorsed, to the Company
at the address indicated above by express courier within five (5) business days
after delivery or facsimile transmission of this Notice of Conversion.

     The certificates representing the Conversion Shares should be transmitted
by the Company to the Holder via overnight or express courier or by book entry
transfer within the time contemplated by the Note after receipt of this Notice
of Conversion (by facsimile transmission or otherwise), to:


                   ------------------------------------------

                   ------------------------------------------

                   ------------------------------------------


HOLDER:

- -----------------------------------------------------

By:
   -----------------------------------------------
Name:
     ---------------------------------------------
Title:
      --------------------------------------------





                                       11


