

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.3

                        INVESTMENT CAPITAL FEE AGREEMENT


AGREEMENT   made  this  2nd  day  of  August  2004  by  and   between   Gridline
Communications Corp., a Delaware Corporation (herein "Gridline"), and D. E. Wine
Investments Inc., a Texas Corporation (herein "Wine").

WHEREAS,  Gridline is engaged in the business of  developing,  engineering,  and
providing high-speed internet services over power lines: and,

WHEREAS,  Wine is in the business of  providing  management  investment  banking
services and identifying and securing strategic alliances; and,

WHEREAS,  Gridline  requires  introductions  to  potential  equity and  business
partners to provide  working  capital and to replace  existing  lines of credit:
and,

WHEREAS,  the  Parties  desire to enter into this  Agreement  for the purpose of
utilizing the services of Wine on a non-exclusive  basis to identify  sources of
equity financing and assist Gridline in securing financing from such sources for
itself and its clients.


NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties do hereby agree as follows:




1.     SERVICES  WINE hereby  agrees to use its  reasonable  efforts to identify
       potential   equity  or  debt  investors  (each,   "Investor",   together,
       Investors"),  to  introduce  the same to Gridline  and  otherwise  assist
       Gridline in securing  funding from the Investors  ("Services").  Gridline
       agrees  to  utilize  the  Services  and to pay for the  services  as more
       particularly  set-forth  herein.  Gridline will utilize the Services on a
       non-exclusive  basis and  shall be free to  utilize  the same or  similar
       services of one or more other providers at any time. Wine shall list such
       Investors  on  Schedule  A, and may add to  Schedule A from time to time.
       Gridline  shall  automatically  accept  such  listing  unless  it  has an
       existing active  discussion  regarding an investment in Gridline with the
       proposed Investor, or another Finder has already listed such Investor. In
       such event,  Gridline shall notify Wine of such conflict  within 24 hours
       of listing by Wine.


2.     TERM This Agreement  shall have a term  commencing on the date hereof and
       ending on August 2, 2005 unless earlier  terminated by either Party. Such
       earlier  termination shall be by written notice and shall be effective on
       the date specified in the notice.  After termination,  no party will have
       any further obligation hereunder, except that Wine will retain all rights
       under this  agreement  regarding  payment of any fees earned  through the
       date of the termination.


3.     FEES

       (a)    a cash fee (the "Financing Fee") consisting of:

              (i)    a cash placement fee (the "Cash  Placement Fee") for EQUITY
                     financing of :

                     10% of the first million dollars,

                     8% of the second million,

                     6% of the third million,

                     4% of the forth million,

                     3% of everything thereafter,

              (ii)   a cash placement fee for DEBT financing  equal to 5% of the
                     financing amount.

                                       1
<PAGE>


       (b)    a stock  placement fee (the "Stock  Placement Fee") payable at the
              closing of the  financing  equal to 50,000 shares for each million
              dollars of  financing.  All shares issued per this section will be
              restricted common stock of the company.


       The cash  placement fee and the stock  placement fee will be payable on a
       prorate  basis for any  financing  amount which falls between the million
       dollar breakpoints.

       The cash and,  stock fee for the  Services  shall  apply  during the term
       hereof, or any extensions thereto,  from any Investor first introduced to
       Gridline by Wine.

       In the event a potential  Investor is first  identified to Gridline prior
       to the termination of this Agreement,  but no funding by such Investor is
       made  prior to the  termination  date,  then  the  foregoing  fees  shall
       nevertheless  be paid to the extent the  investment  by such  Investor is
       funded  and  received  by  Gridline  on or before  Two (2) years from the
       effective  date of  termination.  In the event such  persons who were not
       initially identified and personally  introduced to the Company by Wine in
       the  Company,  no  compensation  will be owed to Wine.  Wine shall not be
       entitled to any fee if the investment is  consummated or if  negotiations
       thereto  are  completed,  more  than Two (2)  years  after  the date of a
       notification  of  termination  or if someone  other than Wine had already
       submitted the name of the potential Investor to Gridline.


4.     INVESTOR  QUALIFICATION No investment originated by Wine will be accepted
       by Gridline  until the  following  criteria  are met: (1) the investor is
       determined  to be  "accredited"  (2)  the  investor  is  approved  by the
       Company, in its sole discretion.


5.     PAYMENT OF FEES Gridline  shall pay the  foregoing  fees to Wine out of a
       transaction  escrow  account no later  than  Forty  Eight (48) hours from
       completion  of the  investment,  or, if cleared  funds are not  available
       after 48 hours,  then no later  than when  funds  are made  available  by
       banking institution.


6.     INVESTMENT  TERMS  The  amount of funds to be  invested,  the form of the
       investment and each of the terms of such  investment  shall be determined
       in the sole and exclusive discretion of Gridline. Gridline shall be under
       no obligation to contact or deal with any Investor identified by Wine nor
       shall it be obligated to commit to funding in any amount.  Gridline shall
       not be under any obligation to close any funding in connection with which
       it has had discussions or received commitments.


7.     PROHIBITION  OF  REPRESENTATIONS  Wine  will not make any  representation
       concerning  Gridline or its  business or provide  any  information  about
       Gridline  or its  business  except to the extent in  writing  and made or
       provided by Gridline;  provided, however, that Wine may identify Gridline
       to potential Investors and describe the general nature of the business of
       Gridline and the amount and type of investment sought.


8.     INDEPENDENT  CONTRACTOR  The Parties  agree that the  Services  are being
       provided by Wine  strictly as an  independent  contractor.  It is not the
       purpose  or  intention  of this  Agreement  to  create,  nor  shall  this
       Agreement be construed as creating,  any type of partnership,  employment
       or agency  relationship  between the Parties.  Wine is not  authorized to
       take any action on behalf of Gridline  or to bind  Gridline in any manner
       except as expressly provided herein

                                       2
<PAGE>


9.     WINE'S ROLE Gridline acknowledges that Wine is a registered broker-dealer
       but Wine shall not be required  hereunder to, engage in the offer or sale
       of securities on behalf of Gridline. Wine agrees that, in connection with
       its  activities  on behalf of  Gridline,  it will not engage in a general
       solicitation of potential investors,  as defined in the Securities Act of
       1933  and  the  regulations  promulgated  pursuant  thereto,  and it will
       conduct  all  activities  on  behalf  of  Gridline  in  compliance   with
       applicable state and federal securities laws.


10.    INDEMNITY  Each of the Parties will  indemnify and defend the other Party
       against and hold the other Party harmless from any and all claims,  loss,
       liabilities,  damage,  demand,  or suit (and legal and related  costs and
       expenses that arise,  directly or indirectly,  from acts or omissions by,
       or from the breach of any term or condition of this Agreement  attributed
       to the associated Party.


11.    MISCELLANEOUS  This  Agreement  shall be governed by and  interpreted  in
       accordance  with the laws of the State of Texas and  controlling  federal
       law. No amendments,  changes or  modifications to this Agreement shall be
       valid  except if the same are in writing and signed by a duly  authorized
       representative of each of the parties hereto.

       The rights and  obligations  arising under this Agreement are personal in
       nature and shall not be  assigned  or  transferred  by Wine  without  the
       express written  consent of Gridline.  This Agreement shall be binding on
       and shall  inure to the  benefit  of the  Parties  and  their  respective
       successors and permitted assigns.


12.    DISPUTE RESOLUTION THROUGH ARBITRATION

       Arbitration:  All disputes,  controversies  or claims by or between AISMI
       and Wine arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be settled by
       binding  arbitration  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  Industry
       Arbitration Rules of the American  Arbitration  Association.  The parties
       agree  that  binding  arbitration  shall  be the  sole  remedy  as to all
       disputes arising out of this Agreement. All arbitration hearings shall be
       held at a place  designated by the  arbitrators  as shall be agreed to by
       the parties.

       Choice of Law: In determining any matter(s) the  arbitrators  shall apply
       the terms of this Agreement, without adding to, modifying or changing the
       terms in any respect, and shall apply Tribal law, or in its absence, then
       federal  law,  or in its  absence,  then state law where the  Project (or
       Agreement) is to be performed.

       Action to Compel Arbitration:  Both parties agree that either Party shall
       have the right to compel and/or enforce,  including,  if appropriate,  by
       injunctive  relief or specific  performance,  any  arbitration  decisions
       and/or  arbitration   awards  in  a  court  of  competent   jurisdiction.
       Arbitration  shall be held in the City and State  where the  Project  (or
       Agreement) is to be performed.


                                       3
<PAGE>


IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the duly  authorized  representatives  of the parties have
caused this Agreement to be executed on the date first written above.


- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP             D. E. WINE INVESTMENTS, INC





BY: /s/ Blaize Kaduru                    BY: /s/ W. Randal Miller
    ---------------------------------        ---------------------------------





NAME:   BLAIZE KADURU                    NAME:   W. RANDAL MILLER





TITLE:  PRESIDENT/CEO                    TITLE:  VICE PRESIDENT





DATE:   AUGUST 2, 2004                   DATE:   AUGUST 2, 2004
- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------


                                       4
<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE A


               LIST OF PROSPECTS FOR GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.

                                 AUGUST 2, 2004_
                                 ---------------

                  (LIST WILL BE UPDATED WEEKLY OR AS NECESSARY)


       1.     SBI USA.


       3.


       4.


       5.



                                       5

