

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.5

                              CONSULTING AGREEMENT

Effective Date                          OCTOBER 1, 2004.

Between                                 GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP. ("Client")
a                                       Delaware Corporation,
located at                              14505 Torrey Chase Blvd. Suite 400,
                                                         Houston, TX 77014.

and                                     DUNCAN E. WINE, ("Consultant")
a                                        Resident,
located at                              [Address].

GENERAL

The Consultant is engaged in the business of obtaining financing,  strategic and
promotional contacts for Client.

The Client desires to retain the Consultant to obtain  individuals  and business
entities to procure financing, procure strategic partners, and other promotional
relationships.

In consideration for the mutual promises,  covenants, and Agreements made below,
the parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1.     NON-EXCLUSIVE RIGHT TO SOLICIT

1.1    Subject to the  provisions  of  Section  1.2,  the  Client  grants to the
Consultant the  non-exclusive  right to solicit  individuals  and other business
entities to provide the Client with  financing,  strategic  partners,  and other
promotional relationship for the Client's products and services according to the
terms and condition set forth in this Agreement, (" Agreement").

2.     TRADEMARKS & TRADE NAMES

Client  reserves all rights to the trade names and  trademarks  and to any other
commercial symbols that it may adopt or use from time-to-time.

3.     INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR

The Consultant is not an employee of the Client for any purpose whatsoever,  but
is an  independent  contractor.  The Client is  interested  only in the  results
obtained by the Consultant, that shall have sole control of the manner and means
of  performing  under this  Agreement.  The  Client  shall not have the right to
require the Consultant to do anything that would  jeopardize the relationship of
independent  contractor between the Client and the Consultant.  All expenses and
disbursements incurred by the Consultant in connection with this Agreement shall
be born wholly and completely by the  Consultant.  The Consultant does not have,
nor shall the Consultant hold itself out as having any right, power or authority
to create any contract or obligation, either express or implied, on

                                       6
<PAGE>


behalf of, or binding upon the Client,  unless the Client shall  consent to that
in writing,  or otherwise.  The  Consultant  shall have the right to appoint and
shall  be  solely  responsible  for the  Consultant's  own  solicitation  force,
employees,  agents and  representatives,  who shall be at the  Consultant's  own
risk,  expense and  supervision  and shall not have any claim against the Client
for compensation or  reimbursement.  The Consultant may represent other products
that do not  compete  directly  or  indirectly  with  products  covered  by this
Agreement  and  may  exercise  the  Consultant's  own  discretion  in  obtaining
services,  hiring  personnel  and  otherwise  complying  with the  terms of this
Agreement.

4.     ACCEPTANCE

Individuals, Partnerships, Corporations and other business entities solicited by
the  Consultant  to  financing,   strategic  relationships  and  other  business
promotional  services  for the  Client  shall be  submitted  to and  subject  to
acceptance by the Client.  Only the Client may decide,  in its sole  discretion,
whether  to  accept  or  reject  any  individual  or  entity  solicited  by  the
Consultant.

5.     CONSULTING FEE

The Client shall pay the Consultant a monthly consulting fee of $10,000. Despite
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Client shall reimburse
the Consultant for those certain  extraordinary  travel expenses incurred by the
Consultant  and  agreed  upon by the  Client  and the  Consultant  prior  to the
Consultant incurring such expenses.

6.     BEST EFFORTS

The  Consultant  shall  use its best  efforts  to  obtain  financing,  strategic
alliances,  partnership,  and promotional services for the Client and to solicit
individuals,  Partnerships,  Corporations and other business entities to perform
such services for the Client.

7.     TERM & TERMINATION

The term of this  Agreement  shall be for a period  of two  years  from the date
first written above. At the end of said period,  it is the intent of the parties
to re-negotiate this Agreement.

8.     MISREPRESENTATION

In the event the Consultant, at any time during its association with the Client,
shall be guilty  of gross  negligence,  intentional  misconduct  or  intentional
misrepresentation,  such negligence,  misconduct or  misrepresentation  shall be
deemed an immediate  breach of this  Agreement.  Upon such breach,  or any other
breach of this  Agreement by the  Consultant,  this  Agreement  shall  terminate
immediately  upon written notice by the Client,  and the Consultant shall not be
entitled to claim any  compensation for damages for, in respect of, or by reason
of such termination.

<PAGE>


9.     PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

The customers,  business, products, technology,  business connections,  customer
lists, procedures,  operations,  techniques and other aspects of the business of
the Client are  established  at great  expense  and  protected  as  confidential
information  and  trade  secrets  and  provide  the  Client  with a  substantial
competitive advantage of selling its products.  The Consultant shall have access
to,  and  be  entrusted  with,  trade  secrets,   confidential  information  and
proprietary  information,  and the Client  would suffer great loss and injury if
the  Consultant  would  disclose this  information or use it to compete with the
Client.  Consequently,  the Consultant  agrees that during its relationship with
the  Client,  and from then on, it will not,  within  the  geographic  territory
encompassed  by  the  business  of  the  Client  at  the   termination  of  that
relationship,  directly or indirectly,  either  individually  or as an employee,
agent, partner, shareholder, or in any other capacity, use or disclose, or cause
to  be  used  or  disclosed,  any  trade  secret,  confidential  information  or
proprietary  information acquired by the Consultant during its relationship with
the Client.

10.    INDEMNIFICATION

The Consultant  agrees to defend,  indemnify,  and hold the Client harmless from
any and  all  liabilities,  losses,  costs,  damages,  penalties  and any  other
expenses  including  attorneys fees arising directly or indirectly,  either from
the Consultant's acts or omissions or the Consultant's  breach of any obligation
imposed or sought to be imposed by or  according to this  Agreement.  The Client
shall not be liable to the Consultant,  or to anyone who may claim any right due
to a  relationship  with  the  Consultant,  for  any  acts or  omissions  by the
Consultant in the  performance of this Agreement or on the part of the employees
or agents of the Consultant.  The Consultant shall indemnify and hold the Client
free and harmless from any obligation,  cost claim, judgment,  attorneys,  fees,
and attachments  arising from,  growing out of, or in any way connected with the
services rendered to the Client under the terms of this Agreement.

11.    GENERAL PROVISIONS

11.1   ASSIGNMENT.  Except as set forth in this section,  neither this Agreement
nor any rights under this Agreement, in whole or in part, shall be assignable or
otherwise  transferable  by either party without the express  written consent of
the other  party.  Any  attempt  by either  party to assign any of its rights or
delegate  any of its  duties  under this  Agreement  without  the prior  written
consent of the other  party shall be null and void.  Subject to the above,  this
Agreement  shall  be  binding  upon  and  take  effect  for the  benefit  of the
successors and assigns of the parties to this Agreement.

11.2   WAIVER,  AMENDMENT,  MODIFICATION.  No waiver, amendment or modification,
including  those by  custom,  usage of  trade,  or  course  of  dealing,  of any
provision of this  Agreement  will be effective  unless in writing and signed by
the party against whom such waiver,  amendment or  modification  is sought to be
enforced.  No waiver by any party of any  default  in  performance  by the other
party under this  Agreement  or of any breach or series of breaches by the other
party of any of the terms or conditions  of this  Agreement  shall  constitute a
waiver of any  subsequent  default in  performance  under this  Agreement or any
subsequent  breach of any terms or conditions of that Agreement.  Performance of
any obligation  required of a party under this Agreement may be waived only by a
written

<PAGE>


waiver signed by a duly authorized officer of the other party, that waiver shall
be  effective  only with respect to the  specific  obligation  described in that
waiver.

11.3   FORCE MAJEURE.  Neither party will be deemed in default of this Agreement
to the extent  that  performance  of its  obligations,  or  attempts to cure any
breach, are delayed or prevented by reason of circumstance beyond its reasonable
control,  including  without  limitation  fire,  natural  disaster,  earthquake,
accident or other acts of God ("Force Majeure"), provided that the party seeking
to delay  its  performance  gives  the other  written  notice of any such  Force
Majeure  within 15 days after the  discovery of the Force  Majeure,  and further
provided that such party uses its good faith efforts to cure the Force  Majeure.
If there is a Force  Majeure,  this  Agreement  shall not be  applicable  to any
payment obligations by Client.

11.4   SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES

11.4.1 Any  dispute,  controversy,  or claim  arising  out of or related to this
Agreement, or the creation, validity, interpretation,  breach, or termination of
this Agreement will be referred to mediation.

11.4.2 Any  dispute,  controversy,  or claim  arising  out of or related to this
Agreement, or the creation, validity, interpretation,  breach, or termination of
this  Agreement  that  has not been  resolved  amicably  among  the  parties  by
mediation  under Section 11.4.2 will be submitted to binding  arbitration  using
the following procedure:

11.4.3  The  arbitration  will be held in Houston  and Texas,  before a panel of
three arbitrators.  Either party may demand  arbitration in writing,  serving on
the other party a statement of the dispute, controversy, or claim, and the facts
relating to it, in  reasonable  detail,  and the  arbitrator  nominated  by that
party.

11.4.4 The expenses of arbitration  shall be borne by the party against whom the
decision is rendered,  or  apportioned  in  accordance  with the decision of the
arbitrators  if there is a compromise  decision.  Judgment upon any award may be
entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

11.5   CUMULATIVE  RIGHTS.  Any  specific  right  or  remedy  provided  in  this
Agreement  shall not be exclusive but shall be cumulative  upon all other rights
and remedies set forth in this section and allowed under applicable law.

11.6   GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement  shall be governed by the laws of the State
of Texas  applicable  to Agreements  made and fully  performed in Texas by Texas
residents.

11.7   ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  The parties  acknowledge that this Agreement expresses
their  entire  understanding  and  Agreement,   and  that  there  have  been  no
warranties, representations, covenants or understandings made by either party to
the other except such as are expressly set forth in this section.

<PAGE>


11.8   COUNTERPARTS.  This  Agreement may be executed in multiple  counterparts,
any one of which will be deemed an original,  but all of which shall  constitute
one and the same instrument.

11.9   NOTICES.  All notices,  demands or consents  required or permitted  under
this  Agreement  shall be in writing and shall be delivered or mailed  certified
return receipt  requested to the  respective  parties at the addresses set forth
above or at such other address as such party shall specify to the other party in
writing.  Any notice required or permitted to be given by the provisions of this
Agreement  shall be  conclusively  deemed to have been received on the day it is
delivered to that party by U.S.  Mail with  Acknowledgment  of Receipt or by any
commercial courier providing equivalent acknowledgment of receipt.

Captions and section  headings used in this Agreement are for  convenience  only
and are not a part of this Agreement and shall not be used in construing it.

UNDERSTOOD, AGREED & APPROVED

We have  carefully  reviewed  this  contract  and agree to and accept all of its
terms and  conditions.  We are executing this Agreement as of the Effective Date
above.

CONSULTANT                              CLIENT


  DUNCAN E. WINE                            GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.
- --------------------------------------  ----------------------------------------

  /s/ DUNCAN E. WINE                        /s/ BLAIZE KADURU
- --------------------------------------  ----------------------------------------
By                                      By

                                            BLAIZE KADURU
- --------------------------------------  ----------------------------------------
Name                                    Name

                                            PRESIDENT
- --------------------------------------  ----------------------------------------
Title                                   Title


