

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6

                              CONSULTING AGREEMENT


            CONSULTING AGREEMENT,  dated as of December 13, 2004, by and between
Gridline  Communications  Corp., a Delaware limited corporation (the "COMPANY"),
and Gerard Werner, an individual residing at [_________] ("CONSULTANT").

                                   WITNESSETH

            WHEREAS, beginning on the date hereof and continuing six months from
the date of the closing of the acquisition of the Company by North Shore Capital
IV, Inc.  (the  "TERM"),  the Company has  retained  the  Consultant  to provide
certain consulting services and assistance to NSC;

            WHEREAS,  the Company desires to retain Consultant as an independent
consultant to provide  certain  services and  assistance to the Company upon the
terms and conditions set forth herein, and

            WHEREAS,  Consultant is willing to provide such consulting  services
and assistance to NSC upon the terms and conditions set forth herein.

            NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the mutual  covenants of the
parties  set  forth  herein,  and for  other  good and  valuable  consideration,
Consultant and the Company agree as follows:

            1.    ENGAGEMENT.  The  Company  agrees  to  retain  Consultant  and
Consultant  hereby  agrees to assist the Company  for the  purpose of  preparing
financial statements and tax returns for NSC. In such capacity, Consultant shall
report to, and follow the directions of the Company and perform such  additional
functions as may be determined from time to time by the Company.

            2.    TERM;  TERMINATION.  The term of this Agreement shall commence
on the date hereof and shall continue through the Term (the last day of the Term
is hereinafter  referred as the "TERMINATION  DATE"), at which time Consultant's
consulting  services  and  assistance  to the Company  and NSC shall  terminate.
Either the Company or Consultant  may terminate  this Agreement at any time upon
thirty (30) days' prior written  notice to the other party;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,
the Company may terminate  this  Agreement  effective  immediately  upon written
notice to Consultant  upon a default by Consultant in the  performance of any of
his obligations  under this  Agreement,  which default is not cured within seven
(7) days of receipt of notice of such default.

            3.    COMPENSATION AND EXPENSES. As consideration for the consulting
services  and  assistance  provided  to NSC by  Consultant  from the date hereof
through the  Termination  Date,  the Company shall pay Consultant a total sum of
US$50,000. Payment will be made by wire transfer upon the execution hereof to an
account  designated in writing by  Consultant.  Consultant is not  authorized to
incur any business  expenses on behalf of the Company  without its prior written
consent.

<PAGE>


            4.    INDEPENDENT  CONSULTANT.  Consultant is acting  hereunder as a
professional entity and independent  contractor.  Consultant is not an employee,
agent or a partner of the Company.  The Company shall not be responsible for any
payroll-related  taxes or Federal,  state or local  deductions in respect of the
Consultant or services  rendered by Consultant to the Company.  Consultant  will
prepare and file all tax  information,  forms and returns  with the  appropriate
Federal, state or local governmental agencies or authorities as required by law.
The Company will send  Consultant a Form 1099.  Neither this  Agreement  nor any
operation hereunder shall create a general or limited  partnership,  association
or joint venture or agency relationship between the Company and Consultant.

            5.    CONFIDENTIAL  AND PROPRIETARY  RELATIONSHIP.  Consultant shall
not disclose, duplicate, copy, or use for any purpose other than the performance
of this  Agreement and shall treat as  confidential  and as  proprietary  to the
Company all information  which relates to the Company and its assets;  PROVIDED,
HOWEVER,  that the obligation to treat as proprietary and confidential shall not
apply  to  information  which  shall be  publicly  available  or which  shall be
required to be disclosed by applicable  law or  regulatory or judicial  process.
The provisions of this Section 5 shall survive the Termination Date.

            6.    INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.

      (a)   The Company and Consultant desire that all Intellectual Property (as
hereinafter  defined) made or conceived by  Consultant  in  connection  with the
services provided under this Agreement  (collectively,  the "CONSULTANT'S  IP"),
shall  be owned  by the  Company,  free and  clear  of any  reserved  rights  of
Consultant.  "INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY" means (a) any rights  worldwide in (i) any
copyright,  including any copyright rights in all text, code and software of any
kind,  and all  graphic,  photographic,  audiovisual  works,  (ii)  any  patent,
trademark,  trade dress,  trade name or domain name  (regardless of whether such
rights  have  been  registered),   (iii)   registrations  and  applications  for
registration  of any of the  rights  listed  in  clauses  (i) or  (ii)  of  this
definition,  (iii) trade  secrets,  confidential  information,  moral rights and
goodwill,  (iv) data of any kind,  including  any rights to use data  containing
personally-identifiable  information  relating  to any  natural  person,  or any
e-mail address, and (v) any other proprietary or intellectual property rights in
any of the  foregoing  or as may be needed for the  operation  of the  Company's
business in the ordinary course at any time, whether in existence as of the date
hereof or  coming  into  existence  afterward;  and (b)  particular  copies,  or
instances  of,  and  tangible  and  intangible  representations  of  or  devices
incorporating  such rights (or in which such rights  formerly  inhered  prior to
expiration).  For purposes of  illustration,  examples of Intellectual  Property
include: expertise,  techniques,  diagrams, schematics,  flow-charts,  drawings,
models,  inventions,  know-how,  processes,  equipment,  databases,  algorithms,
software programs,  documents and formulae (whether  patentable or copyrightable
or not).

      (b)   The Consultant hereby grants, transfers and assigns all right, title
and interest in such Consultant IP to the Company.  Consultant agrees to provide
all  assistance  reasonably  requested  by the Company  from time to time in the
establishment,  preservation  and  enforcement  of the Company's  rights in such
Consultant  IP.  Consultant  hereby  waives  all moral  rights  with  respect to
Consultant IP, all rights of identification of authorship and any and all rights
of approval, restriction or limitation on use or subsequent modification.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>


            7.    ASSIGNMENT.  Neither  party to this  Agreement may assign this
Agreement  or any  right  or  obligation  hereunder  either  in whole or in part
without the written consent of the other party.

            8.    AMENDMENT. This Agreement may only be supplemented, abandoned,
discharged,  amended,  renewed or extended by a written  instrument  executed by
each of the parties hereto.

            9.    MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof,  and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings of the parties hereto, oral and written,
with respect to the subject matter hereof,  including,  without limitation,  any
agreement  relating to the  compensation  of  Consultant  by the Company for any
consulting  services or assistance.  The headings  contained  herein are for the
sole  purpose of  convenience  of  reference,  and shall not in any way limit or
affect the meaning or  interpretation  of any of the terms or  provisions of the
Agreement.  The failure of either of the  parties  hereto at any time to enforce
any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed to be a
waiver of any such  provision,  nor to in any way  affect the  validity  of this
Agreement or any provision  hereof and the right of either of the parties hereto
to  thereafter  enforce  each and every  provision  of this  Agreement  shall be
effective unless waiver thereof is set forth in a written instrument executed by
the party against whom  enforcement  of such waiver is sought;  and no waiver of
any such  breach  shall be  construed  or  deemed to be a waiver of any other or
subsequent  breach.  If any of the  provisions of this  Agreement  shall be held
invalid, the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby.

            10.   CHOICE  OF  LAW.  This  Agreement  shall  be  governed  by and
construed in accordance  with the laws of the State of Texas,  without regard to
conflicts of laws principles.

            11.   SUBMISSION  TO  EXCLUSIVE  JURISDICTION.  With  respect to any
claim arising out of this  Agreement each party (a)  irrevocably  submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Texas and the United States
District Courts located in the City of Houston,  texas,  and irrevocably  waives
(i) any  objection  which it may have at  anytime  to the laying of venue of any
suit,  action or proceeding  brought in any such court,  (ii) any claim that any
such suit,  action or  proceeding  brought in any such court has been brought in
any inconvenient forum and (iii) the right to object with respect to such claim,
suit,  action or proceeding  brought in any such court, that such court does not
have the jurisdiction over such party.



                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK]

                                      -3-
<PAGE>


            IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties  have  executed  this  Consulting
Agreement on and as of the day and year first above written.




                                                 GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.


                                                 By:  /s/ Blaize Kaduru
                                                    ---------------------------
                                                     Name:
                                                     Title:


                                                  /s/ Gerard Werner
                                                 ------------------------------
                                                 Gerard Werner


