

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.7

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


The Effective Date of this Agreement:   JUNE 1,  2004

This Agreement is by and between        GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP. (COMPANY)
a Delaware Corporation located at       14505 Torrey Chase Blvd., Suite 400
                                        Houston, TX 77014

AND                                     BLAIZE N. KADURU, (EXECUTIVE)
an individual residing at               423 Baybridge Drive,
                                        Sugarland, TX 77478.



PURPOSE OF THIS AGREEMENT

      a.    The  Executive  has  acquired  outstanding  and  special  skills and
abilities and an extensive  background in and knowledge of Technology,  Finance,
Marketing and Administration.

      b.    The Company desires the services of the Executive,  and is therefore
willing to engage his services on the terms and conditions stated below.

      c.    The  Executive  desires to be employed by the Company and is willing
to do so on those terms and conditions.

Now,  therefore,  in  consideration  of the  above  recitals  and of the  mutual
promises and conditions in this Agreement, it is agreed as follows:

1.    EMPLOYEE'S DUTIES & AUTHORITY

      a.    Gridline  shall employ the  Executive as  PRESIDENT/CHIEF  EXECUTIVE
OFFICER ("CEO") in a full-time capacity for an indefinite period, effective June
1, 2004.  At all times,  the  Executive  shall serve under the  direction of the
Board of  Directors,  and shall perform such services as the Board may from time
to time  prescribe,  and per the policies and  procedures as may be described in
Gridline Communications Corporate Employee Policy Manual, whenever such a manual
is made available.

      b.    The CEO will help to formulate and device  policies that will ensure
that corporate  objectives are met, in collaboration with the Board Members, and
other  key  and  top  Executives  of  the  Company.   The  CEO  retains  overall
accountability; confer with subordinate Executives who oversee the activities of
various other departments.

2.    OTHER BUSINESS ACTIVITIES

During his  employment,  Executive  shall such  devote such time,  interest  and
effort  as  is  reasonably   required  for  the  discharge  of  his  duties  and
responsibilities hereunder.

<PAGE>


3.    NON-COMPETITION DURING EMPLOYMENT

During the employment term, the Executive shall not, in any fashion  participate
or engage in any  activity  or other  business  competitive  with the  Company's
business. In addition, the Executive,  while employed, shall not take any action
without the  Company's  prior  written  consent to  establish,  form,  or become
employed by a competing  business on  termination  of employment by the Company.
The Executive's  failure to comply with the provisions of the preceding sentence
shall give the Company the right (in addition to all other  remedies the Company
may have) to terminate  any benefits or  compensation  that the Executive may be
otherwise entitled to following termination of this Agreement.

4.    TERM OF EMPLOYMENT

The Executive shall be employed for an indefinite  period,  unless the Executive
is  terminated  as  provided  in this  Agreement  or the  Executive  resigns his
position with the company,  in either case,  after written notice  delivered not
less than thirty (30) days prior to the date of termination, or resignation.

5.    PLACE OF EMPLOYMENT

During the employment term the Executive shall perform the services  required at
the Company's  offices,  located in Greater  Houston,  Texas, and from any other
location  deemed  feasible and  appropriate for the performance of his duty. The
Executive  acknowledges  that the Company  may from time to time or  frequently,
require the Executive to travel temporarily to other locations  (domestically or
internationally)  to seek out,  confer with, or provide  service to customers of
the Company, to arrange financing for the benefit of the Company, and such other
purposes in the interest of the Company as  determined  from time to time by the
Board of Directors.

6.    SALARY

      a.    For the first six (6) months  (June 1, 2004 to December  31,  2004),
the company shall pay a basic salary to the Executive at the rate of $10,000 per
month,  payable in equal biweekly  installments,  subject to the availability of
funds, or else, the Executive draws an allowance of $7,500 per month, and salary
owed will be adjusted  accordingly  when funds are available to accommodate  the
$10,000 monthly rate. Beginning January 1, 2005, the salary of the President/CEO
will increase to a monthly base rate of $12,500.

      b.    The basic salary payable to the Executive shall be subject to review
for performance, and if performance is deemed satisfactory,  basic salary may be
at a minimum  increased  annually  (subject to the availability of funds), by an
inflation adjustment,  based on the Consumer Price Index as reported in The Wall
Street Journal or a nationally recognized newspaper.

      7.    FOUNDER'S STOCK INCENTIVE GRANT

      a.    As an incentive the company  shall grant the Executive  fully vested
founder's shares of 21,000,000  (twenty one million) of Company common stock, to
be purchased by the Executive at par ($0.0001 per share).

<PAGE>


8.    STOCK OPTIONS

Executive will be granted  options to purchase shares of Company stock according
to the provisions of Gridline's  Incentive Stock Option Plan, if and when such a
Plan is put in place  and made  available  by the  board  of  Directors,  in the
foreseeable future.

9.    ADDITIONAL BENEFITS

      a.    Pending the  availability  of funds,  and when such funds are deemed
available from a budgetary  stand-point,  the Executive  shall receive all other
benefits of employment  generally available to the Company's other Executive and
Managerial Employees.

      b.    The  Company  shall  pay a lump sum of three  (6)  months  severance
payments to the  Executive  (at his then current  salary) if his  employment  is
terminated by the Company without cause.

10.   EXPENSES

The Company shall  reimburse the Executive for reasonable  expenses  incurred in
connection  with the  Executive's  performance  of his duties  including  travel
expenses, food, and lodging while away from home.

11.   EMPLOYEE'S RIGHT OF OWNERSHIP

All inventions  conceived or developed by the Executive  during the term of this
Agreement shall remain the property of the Company.

12.   INDEMNIFICATION BY COMPANY

The Company shall,  to the maximum extent  permitted by law,  indemnify and hold
the Executive  harmless  against,  and shall purchase  indemnity  insurance,  if
available,  and pending the availability of funds, on behalf of the Executive in
the amount of  $1,000,000  for expenses,  including  reasonable  attorney  fees,
judgments,  fines,  settlements,  and  other  amounts  actually  and  reasonably
incurred in connection with any proceeding  arising by reason of the Executive's
employment  by the  Company.  The Company  shall  advance to the  Executive  any
expense  incurred  in  defending  any  such  proceeding  to the  maximum  extent
permitted by law.

Further,  if the Company  registers and trades its shares publicly,  the Company
will acquire and maintain the  appropriate  Directors and Officers  insurance at
the Company's expense.

13.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

The Company and Executive  agree that  Executive's  employment  hereunder may be
terminated  by the  Executive  resigning  or by  the  Company's  declaration  of
termination  with or without  "Cause" at any time,  subject to the terms of this
SECTION 13. Such termination  shall be effective upon delivery of written notice
from the  acting  party to the other of its  election  to  terminate  employment
pursuant to this SECTION 13.

<PAGE>

      a.    DEFINITION OF "CAUSE".  When used in connection with the termination
of employment  with the Company,  "CAUSE" shall mean: (i)  Executive's  material
breach of his obligations under this Agreement;  (ii) the Executive's failure to
adhere to any  written  Company  policy  after the  Executive  has been  given a
reasonable opportunity to comply with such policy or cure his failure to comply;
(iii) the conviction  of, or the indictment for (or its procedural  equivalent),
or the  entering  of a guilty  plea or plea of no  contest  with  respect  to, a
felony,  the  equivalent  thereof,  or any other  crime  with  respect  to which
imprisonment is a possible  punishment;  (iv) the commission by the Executive of
an  act  of  fraud  upon  the  Company  or  any  of  its  affiliates;   (v)  the
misappropriation (or attempted misappropriation) of any funds or property of the
Company  or any of its  affiliates  by the  Executive;  (vi) the  failure by the
Executive  to  perform  duties  assigned  to him  after  reasonable  notice  and
opportunity to cure such  performance;  (vii) the engagement by the Executive in
any direct,  material  conflict of interest with the Company without  compliance
with the Company's  conflict of interest policy, if any, then in effect;  (viii)
the  engagement by the Executive,  without the written  approval of the Board of
Directors, in any activity that competes with the business of the Company or any
of its  affiliates  or that would result in a material  injury to the Company or
any of its affiliates; (ix) the engagement by the Executive in any activity that
would constitute a material violation of the provisions of the Company's Insider
Trading  Policy or Business  Ethics Policy,  if any, then in effect,  or (x) the
failure by the Executive to sign any lock-up letters,  standstill agreements, or
other similar  documentation  required by an  underwriter  in connection  with a
public offering of securities by the Company or to take other actions reasonably
related thereto as requested by the Board of Directors.

      b.    TERMINATION FOR CAUSE OR RESIGNATION.  If the Company terminates the
Executive's  employment  for Cause or the  Executive  voluntarily  resigns,  the
Company  shall  pay the  Executive's  base  salary  earned  through  the date of
termination,  but all  rights  to any other  compensation  or  benefits  arising
hereunder,  shall be canceled and terminated in all respects  concurrently  with
such  termination  of  employment;  provided  that the  Executive  may  elect to
continue to participate,  at Executive's own expense,  in such health  insurance
and other benefits as to which the opportunity for continuing  participation  is
mandated by  applicable  law.  Executive  may  terminate  employment  under this
Agreement at any time by giving the Company 30 days' prior written notice of his
intention to terminate employment.

      c.    TERMINATION  WITHOUT  CAUSE.  In  the  event  that  the  Executive's
employment is terminated by the Company  without Cause,  subject to the terms of
this  Agreement,  an amount equal to Executive's  then current base salary which
would be payable during a six month employment  period,  in each case,  together
with any earned and  unpaid  compensation  and  accrued  vacation  time prior to
termination,  in periodic  payments in accordance  with the Company's  customary
payroll  practices,  and (ii) the stock  granted to the  Executive  pursuant  to
SECTION 7 hereof shall  immediately  vest. If the Executive is terminated by the
Company without Cause, the Company shall also continue to provide  benefits,  in
the kind  and  amounts  provided  to its  employees  generally,  for six  months
following the date of termination,  including  continuation of any  Company-paid
benefits provided pursuant hereto,  for the Executive and Executive's spouse and
minor  children,  provided such benefits are available at the time,  and will be
subject to immediate termination to the extent Executive receives benefits under
another similar benefit plan;  provided that the Executive may elect to continue
to  participate,  at  Executive's  own  expense,  in such health  insurance  (if
available)  and  other  benefits  as to which  the  opportunity  for  continuing
participation  is mandated by applicable law, if such benefits are available and
being  offered and enjoyed by  Executive  at the time.  If such  termination  is
effective  on or after two years on the job as  President/CEO,  the  Company  is
obligated to pay severance and premiums for twelve months.

<PAGE>


      d.    TERMINATION  UPON  DEATH;  DISABILITY.   If  the  Executive  becomes
disabled  because  of  sickness,  physical  or mental  disability,  or any other
reason,  so that it  reasonably  appears  that he will be unable to complete his
duties under this  Agreement,  the Company shall have the option to  immediately
terminate  this  Agreement  by  giving  written  notice  of  termination  to the
Executive. Such termination shall be without prejudice to any right or remedy to
which the  Company  may be  entitled  either at law,  in  equity,  or under this
Agreement.  If the  Company  terminates  this  Agreement  as  provided  in  this
paragraph,  the Company will pay the  Executive as severance pay an amount equal
to three  months of  Executive's  then current base salary plus a portion of the
Executive's  cash  bonus  proportional  to the  number of months of  Executive's
employment  with the  Company  during  the  calendar  year in which  termination
occurs.  If Executive should die during the term of this Agreement,  Executive's
employment  will terminate  immediately and the Company will pay the Executive's
estate an amount equal to three months  compensation at Executive's then current
base salary.

      e.    TERMINATION OR ASSIGNMENT ON MERGER.  In the event of a merger where
the Company is not the surviving  entity,  or of a sale of all or  substantially
all of the Company's assets, the Company may, at its sole option (1) assign this
Agreement and all rights and  obligations  under it to any business  entity that
succeeds to all or  substantially  all of the  Company's  business  through that
merger or sale of assets,  or (2) on at least 30 days' prior  written  notice to
the Executive,  terminate this Agreement  effective on the date of the merger or
sale of assets with the immediate  payments of all  compensation  due under this
contract  without  regard to  vesting,  or length of  employment  or  additional
performance  of duties.  This  paragraph  does not preclude  other  compensation
arrangements to be negotiated with respect to such change of ownership.

14.   NON-DISCLOSURE AFTER TERMINATION

Because of his  employment  by the Company,  the  Executive  will have access to
trade secrets and confidential  information about the Company, its products, its
customers,  and its methods of doing business. In consideration of his access to
this  information,  the Executive  agrees that for a period of not less than two
years after  termination  of his  employment,  he will not  disclose  such trade
secrets or confidential information.

15.   DISPUTE MEDIATION;  JURISDICTION AND VENUE;  INJUNCTIVE RELIEF;  CHOICE OF
      LAW

      a.    Should any dispute arise regarding any matter related to Executive's
employment or the termination of such employment,  including without  limitation
the performance of or  interpretation of this Agreement or any of its terms, and
prior to the institution of any legal proceeding, the parties shall first submit
the  dispute  to  a  one  day  session  of   voluntary,   nonbinding   mediation
(non-minitrial),  in which the parties will participate in good faith,  pursuant
to the dispute  resolution  rules of the Texas Civil Practice and Remedies Code.
The mediation shall be conducted in Houston, Texas. In the event the parties are
unable to agree on a single  mediator,  then each party shall  select a mediator
and such  mediators  will  conduct a joint  mediation.  Each  party  shall  bear
one-half  of the  cost  of a  single  mediator  and,  in the  event  of a  joint
mediation,  each party  shall  bear the cost of the  mediator  selected  by that
party.

<PAGE>


      b.    Exclusive venue for any dispute between any of the parties hereto or
any claim by a party  against  another  party arising out of or relating to this
Agreement  or  relating  to any alleged  breach  thereof  shall be the courts of
competent jurisdiction situated in Harris County, Texas.

      c.    Executive  understands  and agrees  that the  Company  shall  suffer
irreparable  harm  in the  event  that  Executive  breaches  any of  Executive's
obligations  under this Agreement and that monetary  damages shall be inadequate
to compensate the Company for such breach.  Accordingly,  Executive agrees that,
in the  event  of a breach  or  threatened  breach  by  Executive  of any of the
provisions of this Agreement,  the Company, in addition to and not in limitation
of any other rights,  remedies or damages  available to the Company at law or in
equity,  shall  be  entitled  to  a  temporary  restraining  order,  preliminary
injunction and permanent  injunction in order to prevent or to restrain any such
breach by Executive,  or by any or all of  Executive's  partners,  co-venturers,
employers,  employees, servants, agents, representatives and any and all persons
directly or indirectly acting for, on behalf of or with Executive.

      D.    THE SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS,  EXCLUDING ANY LAW, RULE
OR PRINCIPLE WHICH MIGHT REFER TO THE  SUBSTANTIVE LAW OF ANOTHER  JURISDICTION,
WILL GOVERN THE  INTERPRETATION,  VALIDITY AND EFFECT OF THIS AGREEMENT  WITHOUT
REGARD TO THE PLACE OF EXECUTION OR THE PLACE FOR PERFORMANCE THEREOF.

16.   ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement  contains the entire Agreement between the parties and supersedes
all  prior  oral  and  written  Agreements,  understandings,   commitments,  and
practices  between the parties.  No  amendments  to this  Agreement  may be made
except by a writing signed by both parties.

18.   NOTICES

Any notice to the Company  required or permitted  under this Agreement  shall be
given in writing to the Company,  either by personal service or by registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid,  addressed to Duncan E. WINE ( Chairman,  Board
of Directors))] at its then principal place of business.  Any such notice to the
Executive shall be given in a like manner and, if mailed,  shall be addressed to
the  Executive at his home address then shown in the  Company's  files.  For the
purpose  of  determining  compliance  with any time limit in this  Agreement,  a
notice  shall be deemed to have been duly given (1) on the date of  service,  if
served  personally  on the party to whom  notice  is to be given,  or (2) on the
second business day after mailing,  if mailed to the party to whom the notice is
to be given in the manner provided in this section.

19.   SEVERABILITY

If any  provision  of this  Agreement  is held  invalid  or  unenforceable,  the
remainder of this Agreement shall nevertheless  remain in full force and effect.
If any  provision is held invalid or  unenforceable  with respect to  particular
circumstances,  it shall  nevertheless  remain in full  force and  effect in all
other circumstances.

<PAGE>


UNDERSTOOD, AGREED & APPROVED
Executed by the parties as of the Effective Date first written above.




Company: Gridline Communications Corp.

/s/ Duncan E. Wine
- ------------------------------------
By

Chairman
- ------------------------------------
Title








Executive: Blaize N. Kaduru

/s/ Blaize N. Kaduru
- ------------------------------------
Executive


Blaize N. Kaduru
- ------------------------------------
Printed Name



