

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.8

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


The Effective Date of this Agreement:   AUGUST ___, 2004

This Agreement is by and between        HALOCOM, INC. (EMPLOYER)
a                                       Delaware Corporation
located at                              14505 Torrey Chase Blvd., Suite 400A
                                        Houston, TX 77014

AND                                     STANFORD D. MILNES, (EXECUTIVE)
an individual residing at               2625 Greenway Drive,
                                        McKinney, TX 75070.


PURPOSE OF THIS AGREEMENT

1.    The Executive has acquired  outstanding  and special  skills and abilities
and an extensive  background  in and knowledge of  Telecommunications  Sales and
Marketing.

2.    The  Employer  desires the  services of the  Executive,  and is  therefore
willing to engage his services on the terms and conditions stated below.

3.    The Executive  desires to be employed by the Employer and is willing to do
so on those terms and conditions.

Now,  therefore,  in  consideration  of the  above  recitals  and of the  mutual
promises and conditions in this Agreement, it is agreed as follows:

1.    EMPLOYEE'S DUTIES & AUTHORITY

The Employer shall employ the Executive as EXECUTIVE VICE  PRESIDENT,  SALES AND
MARKETING or in such other  capacity or capacities as the Employer may from time
to time  prescribe,  and per the policies and  procedures as maybe  described in
HaloCom Inc. Employee Policy Manual, whenever such a manual is made available.

2.    OTHER BUSINESS ACTIVITIES

During  employment,   the  Executive  shall  devote  his  work  efforts  to  the
performance  of this  Agreement  and shall not,  without  the  Employer's  prior
written  consent,  render to others  services of any kind for  compensation,  or
engage in any other business  activity that would materially  interfere with the
performance of his duties under this Agreement.

2.1   REASONABLE TIME AND EFFORT REQUIRED. During his employment,  the Executive
shall  devote  such  time,  interest,  and  effort  to the  performance  of this
Agreement as may be fair and reasonable.

3.    NON-COMPETITION DURING EMPLOYMENT

During the employment term, the Executive shall not, in any fashion  participate
or engage in any  activity or other  business  competitive  with the  Employer's
business. In addition, the Executive,

<PAGE>


while employed,  shall not take any action without the Employer's  prior written
consent to  establish,  form,  or become  employed  by a  competing  business on
termination  of employment by the Employer.  The  Executive's  failure to comply
with the provisions of the preceding  sentence shall give the Employer the right
(in addition to all other  remedies  the  Employer  may have) to  terminate  any
benefits  or  compensation  that the  Executive  may be  otherwise  entitled  to
following termination of this Agreement.

4.    TERM OF EMPLOYMENT

The Executive  shall be employed for an  indefinite  and  indeterminate  period,
unless  the  Executive  is  terminated  as  provided  in this  Agreement  or the
Executive resigns his position with the company.

5.    PLACE OF EMPLOYMENT

During the employment term the Executive shall perform the services  required at
the Employer's offices,  located in Houston, Texas, and from his home located in
Mckinney,  Texas. The Executive  acknowledges that the Employer may from time to
time or  frequently,  require  the  Executive  to  travel  temporarily  to other
locations (domestically or internationally) to seek out, confer with, or service
with customers of the company.

6.    SALARY

The Employer shall pay a basic salary to the Executive at the rate of $8,000 per
month, payable in equal biweekly installments.

6.1   The basic salary  payable to the Executive  shall be subject to review for
performance,  and  if  performance  is  deemed  satisfactory,  basic  salary  is
increased annually,  (and subject to the availability of funds), by an inflation
adjustment,  based on the  Consumer  Price  Index as reported in The Wall Street
Journal or a nationally recognized newspaper.


7.    FOUNDER'S STOCK INCENTIVE GRANT

7.1   As an incentive  for  performance,  the company  shall grant the Executive
founder's  shares to the tune of  2,500,000  (two and half  million)  of company
stock, FULLY VESTED IMMEDIATELY.

7.2   STOCK  OPTIONS  Executive  will be granted  options to purchase  shares of
Company stock  according to the  provisions  of HaloCom,  Inc.  Incentive  Stock
Option Plan,  when, and only when such a Plan is put in place and made available
by the board of Directors, in the foreseeable future.

8.    ADDITIONAL BENEFITS

Pending the availability of funds, and when such funds are deemed available from
a budgetary  stand-point,  the  Executive  shall  receive all other  benefits of
employment  generally available to the Employer's other Executive and managerial
Employees (whenever such benefits are in place) including the following:

Group medical, and limited disability insurance plans

<PAGE>


Six months  severance  payments to the Executive (at his current  salary) if his
employment  is terminated  by us without  cause  (effective  after six months of
employment),  and  premiums  for six months of COBRA  continuation  coverage for
group medical insurance plan.

9.    EXPENSES

The Employer shall reimburse the Executive for reasonable  PRE-APPROVED expenses
incurred in connection with the Executive's  performance of his duties including
travel  expenses,  food, and lodging while away from home. The Executive  cannot
commit the  Employer  into  unapproved  expenses  with third party  Consultants,
Service Vendors,  or other  individuals or entities,  regardless of whether such
services will enhance the Executive's tasks or responsibilities.

10.   EMPLOYEE'S RIGHT OF OWNERSHIP

All inventions  conceived or developed by the Executive  during the term of this
Agreement shall remain the property of the Company, provided however, that as to
all such inventions with respect that the equipment,  supplies,  facilities,  or
trade secret information of the Company was used, or that relate to the business
of the Employer or to the Employer's actual or demonstrably anticipated research
and development, or that result from any work performed by the Executive for the
Employer shall remain the property of the Employer.

11.   INDEMNIFICATION BY EMPLOYER

The Employer shall, to the maximum extent  permitted by law,  indemnify and hold
the Executive  harmless  against,  and shall purchase  indemnity  insurance,  if
available,  and pending the availability of funds, on behalf of the Executive in
the amount of  $1,000,000  for expenses,  including  reasonable  attorney  fees,
judgments,  fines,  settlements,  and  other  amounts  actually  and  reasonably
incurred in connection with any proceeding  arising by reason of the Executive's
employment  by the  Employer.  The Employer  shall  advance to the Executive any
expense  incurred  in  defending  any  such  proceeding  to the  maximum  extent
permitted by law.

12.   EMPLOYER TERMINATION

12.1  INVOLUNTARY  TERMINATION  OF AGREEMENT.  The Employer may  terminate  this
Agreement  without  cause,  either  on the  last day of any  fiscal  year of the
Employer, or with a 30-day prior written notice to the Executive.

12.2  TERMINATION  FOR CAUSE.  The Employer may terminate  this Agreement at any
time without  notice if the  Executive  commits any material act of  dishonesty,
discloses  confidential   information,   is  guilty  of  gross  carelessness  or
misconduct,  or unjustifiably neglects his duties under this Agreement,  or acts
in any way that has a direct, substantial,  and adverse effect on the Employer's
reputation.

<PAGE>


13.   EMPLOYEE TERMINATION

13.1  TERMINATION ON  RESIGNATION  THE EXECUTIVE MAY TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT BY
GIVING THE EMPLOYER 30-DAY PRIOR WRITTEN NOTICE OF RESIGNATION.


13.2  TERMINATION  ON  RETIREMENT  This  Agreement  shall be  terminated  by the
Executive's  voluntary retirement that retirement shall be effective on the last
day of any fiscal year,  provided that the effective  date of retirement  occurs
after the Executive's  65th birthday,  and that the Executive gives the Employer
three months' prior written notice.

13.3  TERMINATION  ON DISABILITY  (1) If, during the period of  employment,  the
Executive  becomes unable due to mental or physical illness or injury to perform
his duties under this Agreement in his normal and regular manner, this Agreement
shall be then terminated; and (2) the Employer has advised the Executive that it
plans to maintain limited disability insurance for its Employees,  including the
Executive.  During  the term of this  Agreement,  the  Employer  shall  maintain
limited  disability  insurance covering the Executive on terms and conditions no
less  favorable  than the  terms  and  conditions  in effect at the date of this
Agreement.

13.4  TERMINATION  UPON  DEATH  If the  Executive  dies  during  the  period  of
employment this Agreement shall then be terminated.

13.5  TERMINATION  OR  ASSIGNMENT  ON MERGER In the event of a merger  where the
Employer is not the surviving  entity,  or of a sale of all or substantially all
of the Employer's  assets,  the Employer may, at its sole option (1) assign this
Agreement and all rights and  obligations  under it to any business  entity that
succeeds to all or  substantially  all of the Employer's  business  through that
merger or sale of assets,  or (2) on at least 30 days' prior  written  notice to
the Executive,  terminate this Agreement  effective on the date of the merger or
sale of assets.

14.   NON-DISCLOSURE AFTER TERMINATION

Because of his  employment  by the Employer,  the Executive  will have access to
trade secrets and confidential information about the Employer, its products, its
customers,  and its methods of doing business. In consideration of his access to
this  information,  the  Executive  agrees that for a period of five years after
termination  of his  employment,  he will not  disclose  such  trade  secrets or
confidential information.

15    ARBITRATION

Any  controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement  shall be
settled by arbitration in accordance  with the Commercial  Arbitration  Rules of
the American Arbitration Association,  and Judgment on the award rendered by the
arbitrators  may be entered in any court  having  jurisdiction.  There  shall be
three  arbitrators,  one to be chosen  directly  by each party at will,  and the
third  arbitrator to be selected by the two  arbitrators  so chosen.  Each party
shall pay the fees of the  arbitrator he selects and of his own  attorneys,  and
the expenses of his witnesses and all other expenses  connected with  presenting
his case.  Other costs of the  arbitration,  including the cost of any record or
transcripts  of the  arbitration,  administrative  fees,  the  fee of the  third
arbitrator, and all other fees and costs, shall be borne equally by the parties.
Despite the

<PAGE>


forgoing,  the arbitrators may assign to one party or the other any and all fees
and costs as part of any arbitration award.


17.   ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement  contains the entire Agreement between the parties and supersedes
all  prior  oral  and  written  Agreements,  understandings,   commitments,  and
practices  between the parties.  No  amendments  to this  Agreement  may be made
except by a writing signed by both parties.

18.   CHOICE OF LAW

The  formation,  construction,  and  performance  of  this  Agreement  shall  be
construed in accordance with the laws of Texas.

19.   NOTICES

Any notice to the Employer  required or permitted  under this Agreement shall be
given in writing to the Employer, either by personal service or by registered or
certified  mail,  postage  prepaid,   addressed  to  [c/o  Blaize  N.  Kaduru  (
President/CEO)] at its then principal place of business.  Any such notice to the
Executive shall be given in a like manner and, if mailed,  shall be addressed to
the Executive at his home address then shown in the  Employer's  files.  For the
purpose  of  determining  compliance  with any time limit in this  Agreement,  a
notice  shall be deemed to have been duly given (1) on the date of  service,  if
served  personally  on the party to whom  notice  is to be given,  or (2) on the
second business day after mailing,  if mailed to the party to whom the notice is
to be given in the manner provided in this section.

20.   SEVERABILITY

If any  provision  of this  Agreement  is held  invalid  or  unenforceable,  the
remainder of this Agreement shall nevertheless  remain in full force and effect.
If any  provision is held invalid or  unenforceable  with respect to  particular
circumstances,  it shall  nevertheless  remain in full  force and  effect in all
other circumstances.

UNDERSTOOD, AGREED & APPROVED

Executed by the parties as of the Effective Date first written above.




Employer: HaloCom Inc.


    /s/ Blaize Kaduru
- ----------------------------------
By


    President and CEO
- ----------------------------------
Title

<PAGE>


Executive: Stanford D. Milnes




   /s/ Stanford D. Milnes
- ----------------------------------
Executive



   Standford D. Milnes
- ----------------------------------
Printed Name


