

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.10

                            TECHNOLOGY ADVISORY BOARD

                               SERVICES AGREEMENT


This Technology Advisory Services Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of

Effective Date                          OCTOBER 1, 2004
by and between                          ENERGY GENERATION INC.
                                        ("Advisor").
Located at                              777 N. Eldridge, Ste. 200
                                        Houston, TX 77079
And                                     GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.
                                        14505 Torrey Chase Blvd., Suite 400
                                        Houston, TX  77014.

PURPOSE OF THIS AGREEMENT

Gridline Communications Corp. provides broadband over powerline applications and
value-added  services,  and professional  services related to the integration of
certain "power grid  backbone"  on-line  network  functions,  including  without
limitation, other broadband Internet functions.

Technology  Advisory Board Member,  herein known as Advisor,  desires to provide
advice,  contacts,  and other  relevant  strategic  input  needed to enhance the
company's short-term objectives, and long-term goal.

GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND ADVISOR AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

1.    SERVICES TO BE PERFORMED AND COMPENSATION

      Gridline  Communications  Corp.  will  provide  employees  or  consultants
      ("Gridline  Communications  Corp. Staff") to perform services at Advisor's
      discretion  on  projects  as  mutually  agreed to in writing  by  Gridline
      Communications Corp. and Advisor.

      The Project  Coordinator for Advisor shall be Phillip P.  Gennarelli,  its
      President.  All activities of Gridline Communications Corp. Staff shall be
      coordinated with the Project Coordinator.

      Advisor  is  responsible  for  making the  necessary  contacts,  acting as
      facilitator in order to enable  discussions  for potential  services to be
      rendered  by  Gridline   Communications   Corp.,  with  potential  utility
      companies, ISPs, Incumbent Local Exchange Carriers (ILECs), Home Appliance
      Equipment  Manufacturers,  either in partnership or as a service provider,
      etc. Advisor may also provide role to fill in manpower gap currently being
      experienced  by  Gridline,  in its present  start-up  mode.  In the event,
      additional manpower is required,  Advisor shall negotiate with

<PAGE>


      Gridline on a project specific basis for per hourly remunerations  subject
      to Section 4 requirements of this agreement.

      For services  rendered,  the member Advisor will receive 1,000,000 shares,
      (either  as  an  individual,  or as a  corporate  entity),  of  Gridline's
      founder's  company  stock  at par  value,  which  the  Advisor  will pay a
      subscription  fee of  $100.00 as part of paid-in  capital.  Advisor  shall
      receive the shares at execution of this agreement.

2.    TERM

      The term of this  Agreement  shall  commence on the  Effective  Date,  and
      continue for two years.

3.    TERMINATION

      This  Agreement  may be  terminated  by either  party upon 30 days written
      notice if the other party  breaches any material  term or condition of the
      Agreement  and such  breach  remains  uncorrected  for  fifteen  (15) days
      following  written  notice from the  non-breaching  party  specifying  the
      breach; the business of the other party terminates;  enters into voluntary
      or involuntary  bankruptcy  proceedings or similar proceedings under state
      law;  or becomes  insolvent  or makes any  assignment  for the  benefit of
      creditors.

4.    CHANGE OF SCOPE

      At any time during the term of this  Agreement,  should  Advisor desire to
      provide Gridline  Communications Corp. with any additional services in the
      form  of  a  modification  of  or  a  change  to  the  Services,  Gridline
      Communications Corp. and Advisor shall comply with the following:

      SUBMISSION  OF REQUEST.  Advisor  shall submit to Gridline  Communications
      Corp. in writing all requests by Advisor for any such additional  services
      that alter,  amend,  enhance,  add to, or delete from the Services  and/or
      time   and/or   place  of   performance   (hereinafter   referred   to  as
      "Modification/Change Request" or "Request").

      ACKNOWLEDGMENT PROCEDURE. Gridline Communications Corp. will evaluate such
      Modification/Change  Request as soon as possible  but not later than three
      (3) working days following Gridline  Communications Corp.'s receipt of the
      Request.  Gridline  Communications  Corp.'s written response shall include
      the impact, if any, on the duration.  Gridline Communications Corp. in its
      sole discretion may refuse to accept the Modification/Change Request. Such
      changes  will be such  that it will  enhance  the  company's  position  in
      meeting its stated objectives, goal and interest.

5.    NON-EXCLUSIVE COMPETE; CONFIDENTIALITY

      5.1  NON-COMPETE.  This  Agreement  is  non-compete.  This  means that the
      Advisor  or  his   agents/representatives   shall  not,   in  any  fashion
      participate or engage in any activity or other business  competitive  with
      the Company's business.

<PAGE>


      5.2  CONFIDENTIALITY.  Each  party  agrees  to afford  the  other  party's
      Proprietary Information the same degree of protection against unauthorized
      use or disclosure as each party normally  provides for its own proprietary
      information  (which  protection  shall  not  in  any  case  be  less  than
      reasonable),  provided that each party's  obligations  hereunder shall not
      apply to information which (i) is known to the receiving party at the time
      of disclosure  by the  disclosing  party;  (ii) is now or hereafter in the
      public domain through no fault of the receiving party;  (iii) is developed
      independently by the receiving party; (iv) is generally known or available
      through  third  parties  without  restriction;  and  (v) is  inadvertently
      disclosed by the receiving party despite the same and reasonable degree of
      protection  against  unauthorized  use or  disclosure  which the receiving
      party  normally  provides for its own  proprietary  information.  The term
      "Proprietary  Information"  shall mean documented  information that at the
      time of its disclosure to the receiving party is identified as Proprietary
      by an appropriate stamp or legend. For purposes of this Agreement,  orally
      disclosed information shall not be considered proprietary.

6.    OWNERSHIP OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

      6.1   All  right,   title  and   interest  in  and  to  any   pre-existing
      copyrightable  works and trademarks of Advisor will remain the property of
      Advisor.

      6.2   Advisor  agrees  that  any  and  all  ideas,   concepts,   or  other
      intellectual  rights and property  containing  in any way the  techniques,
      knowledge or processes of the Gridline  Communications  Corp.  services or
      Gridline  Communications  Corp. products provided under this Agreement and
      other related Gridline  Communications  Corp.  agreements,  whether or not
      developed for Advisors contacts, will remain the property of Gridline with
      sole  and  exclusive  right,  title  and  ownership  in and  to  the  said
      technology. This section shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

7.    INDEMNIFICATION FOR ADVISOR

      Gridline  agrees to hold  harmless the Advisor for any claims,  (including
      reasonable attorney's fees and costs) for any third party claims that said
      materials  (whether  or not  incorporated  into  the  Project  or  used by
      Gridline Communications Corp.) infringed upon the copyrights,  trademarks,
      trade dress,  publicity rights,  privacy rights and other rights of others
      or are in violation of law.

8.    FORCE MAJEURE

      Advisor shall not be liable to Gridline  failure or delay caused by events
      beyond Gridline  Communications  Corp.'s or Advisor's control,  including,
      without limitation,  failure to furnish necessary  information;  sabotage;
      failure  or  delays  in  transportation  or  communication;   failures  or
      substitutions of equipment; labor disputes; accidents; shortages of labor,
      fuel, raw materials or equipment; or technical failures.

<PAGE>


9.    GENERAL

      GOVERNING  LAW. This  Agreement  shall be governed and  interpreted by the
      laws of the State of Texas excluding its conflict of laws provisions.  The
      parties agree that any action brought for any dispute  between the parties
      relating to this Agreement shall be resolved through arbitration.

      SEVERABILITY;  WAIVER.  If any  provision of this  Agreement is held to be
      invalid or  unenforceable  for any reason,  the remaining  provisions will
      continue in full force without being  impaired or  invalidated in any way.
      The parties agree to replace any invalid  provision with a valid provision
      which most  closely  approximates  the intent and  economic  effect of the
      invalid provision.

      HEADINGS.  Headings used in this Agreement are for reference purposes only
      and in no way define,  limit,  construe or describe the scope or extent of
      such section or in any way affect this Agreement.

      SUCCESSORS & ASSIGNS. Except as provided herein, this Agreement may not be
      assigned or otherwise transferred without the prior written consent of the
      non-transferring  party.  In the case of any  assignment or transfer which
      may be  permitted  under this  Agreement,  this  Agreement or the relevant
      provisions thereof shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the
      successors, executors, heirs, representatives,  administrators and assigns
      of the parties hereto.

      INDEPENDENT  CONTRACTORS.  The parties to this  Agreement are  independent
      contractors,  and  no  agency,  partnership,  joint  venture  or  employee
      employer  relationship is intended or created by this  Agreement.  Neither
      party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other party.  Personnel
      supplied by  Gridline  Communications  Corp.  shall work  exclusively  for
      Gridline   Communications  Corp.  and  shall  not,  for  any  purpose,  be
      considered  employees  or agents of the Advisor.  Gridline  Communications
      Corp.  assumes full  responsibility  for the acts of such personnel  while
      performing  services  hereunder and shall be solely  responsible for their
      supervision, direction and control, compensation, benefits and taxes.

      NOTICE. Any notices required or permitted  hereunder shall be given to the
      appropriate  party at the address specified above or at such other address
      as the party shall specify in writing.  Such notice shall be deemed given:
      upon personal delivery; if sent by telephone facsimile,  upon confirmation
      of receipt;  if sent by electronic mail, upon confirmation of receipt;  or
      if sent by certified or registered mail,  postage  prepaid,  five (5) days
      after the date of mailing.

      COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
      each of which shall be deemed an original  and all of which shall be taken
      together and deemed to be one instrument.

<PAGE>


UNDERSTOOD, AGREED & APPROVED

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  each of the parties has executed this  Agreement as of the
Effective Date first written above.

Gridline Communications Corp.             Technology Advisory Board Member:


By:      /s/ Blaize Kaduru                By:      /s/ Phillip P. Gennarelli

Title:   President and CEO                Title:   President
        -------------------------------           ----------------------


