
                                                                    Exhibit 99.1

         National Dentex Corporation Announces Resignation Of Director

     WAYLAND, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 27, 2004--National Dentex Corporation
(NASDAQ: NADX), one of the largest owner/operators of dental laboratories in the
United States, today announced that Daniel A. Grady has submitted his
resignation from the Company's Board of Directors effective as of December 31,
2004.
     The Company explained that Mr. Grady felt his resignation was in everyone's
best interest due to the imposition of new independence criteria applicable to
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ("PwC") in its capacity as the Company's independent
auditors. In late 2003, Mr. Grady's son was named a partner in PwC's Hartford,
Connecticut office. Effective January 2005, Mr. Grady's son will be relocating
to PwC's Boston office. As a result of this relocation, PwC advised National
Dentex and Mr. Grady that, owing to various independence criteria applicable to
independent auditors and related corporate governance issues, it would not be
able to continue to serve as the Company's independent auditors if Mr. Grady
continued his service on National Dentex's Board of Directors beyond December
31, 2004. Not wanting to jeopardize the Company's existing relationship with
PwC, Mr. Grady informed the Company that he was submitting his resignation from
the Company's Board of Directors effective December 31, 2004.
     Commenting on today's announcement, David L. Brown, President and CEO,
said: "National Dentex salutes Mr. Grady's service to the Company and regrets
the necessity of this decision. The imposition of a variety of new rules and a
change in some factual circumstances has produced the unfortunate result of us
losing the services of a hard-working and extremely capable director."

     About National Dentex

     National Dentex Corporation serves an active customer base of over 20,000
dentists through dental laboratories located in 29 states. National Dentex's
dental laboratories provide a full range of custom-made dental prosthetic
appliances, including dentures, crowns and fixed bridges, and other dental
specialties.

     Safe Harbor Statement

     This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning
of the federal securities laws, including statements regarding our future
performance, opportunities, and expected courses of action, that are based on
our current expectations, beliefs, assumptions, estimates, forecasts and
projections about the industry and markets in which National Dentex operates.
The statements contained in this release are not guarantees of future
performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are
difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ
materially from what is expressed in such forward-looking statements. Important
factors that may affect future operating and financial results include the
timing, duration and effects of adverse changes in overall economic conditions,
the Company's ability to acquire and successfully operate additional
laboratories, governmental regulation of health care, trends in the dental
industry towards managed care, increases in labor, benefits and material costs,
product development risks, technological innovations, and other risks indicated
from time to time in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

     CONTACT: National Dentex Corporation
              Richard F. Becker, 508-358-4422
              Vice President, Treasurer & CFO

