
                                                                     Exhibit 3.1


                          CERTIFICATE OF DETERMINATION

                                       OF

                                    POINT.360


        Haig S. Bagerdjian and Alan R. Steel hereby certify that:

        1. They are the duly elected and acting  President  and Chief  Financial
Officer,   respectively,   of   Point.360,   a   California   corporation   (the
"Corporation").

        2. The number of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
of the Corporation is 400,000, none of which has been issued.

        3. The  Board of  Directors  of the  Corporation  has duly  adopted  the
following recitals and resolutions.

        WHEREAS,  the  Restated  Articles of  Incorporation  of the  Corporation
authorize  the  Preferred  Stock of the  Corporation  to be issued in series and
authorize  the Board of Directors of the  Corporation  to determine  the rights,
preferences,  privileges and restrictions  granted to or imposed upon any wholly
unissued  series  of  Preferred  Stock  and to fix  the  number  of  shares  and
designation of any such series; and

        WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Corporation desires,  pursuant to
its  authority  as  aforesaid,  to  determine  and fix the rights,  preferences,
privileges   and   restrictions   relating  to  a  series  of  Series  A  Junior
Participating  Preferred  Stock and the  number of shares  constituting  and the
designation of said series;

        NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Directors hereby fixes
and determines the  designation of, the number of shares  constituting,  and the
rights,  preferences,  privileges and  restrictions  relating to, said series of
Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock as follows:

        Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock.

        Section 1. Designation,  Par Value and Amount. The shares of such series
shall  be  designated  as  "Series  A  Junior  Participating   Preferred  Stock"
(hereinafter referred to as "Series A Preferred Stock") and shall be without par
value, and the number of shares constituting such series shall be 400,000.

        Section 2. Dividends and Distributions.

        (a)  Subject  to the prior and  superior  rights of the  holders  of any
shares of any series of Preferred Stock ranking prior and superior to the shares
of Series A Preferred Stock with respect to dividends,  the holders of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive,  when, as and if declared
by the Board of  Directors  out of assets  legally  available  for the  purpose,
quarterly  dividends  payable  in cash on the first  business  day of  November,
February,  May and August in each year (each such date being  referred to herein
as a "Quarterly  Dividend  Payment  Date"),  commencing  on the first  Quarterly
Dividend Payment Date after the first issuance of a share or fraction of a share
of Series A  Preferred  Stock,  in an amount per share  (rounded  to the nearest
cent)  equal to the  greater of (a) $1.00 or (b)  subject to the  provision  for
adjustment  hereinafter  set forth,  100 times the aggregate per share amount of
all cash  dividends,  and 100 times the aggregate  per share amount  (payable in
kind) of all non-cash  dividends or other  distributions,  other than a dividend
payable in shares of Common  Stock,  without  par value,  Common  Stock,  of the
Corporation  (the "Common Stock") or a subdivision of the outstanding  shares of
Common Stock (by  reclassification  or otherwise),  declared on the Common Stock
since the  immediately  preceding  Quarterly  Dividend  Payment  Date,  or, with
respect to the first Quarterly  Dividend  Payment Date, since the first issuance
of any share or fraction of a share of Series A Preferred Stock.


<PAGE>


        (b) The  Corporation  shall  declare a dividend or  distribution  on the
Series A Preferred Stock as provided in paragraph (a) above immediately after it
declares a dividend or  distribution  on the Common Stock (other than a dividend
payable in shares of Common  Stock);  provided that, in the event no dividend or
distribution  shall have been  declared  on the Common  Stock  during the period
between any Quarterly  Dividend  Payment Date and the next subsequent  Quarterly
Dividend  Payment Date, a dividend of $1.00 per share on the Series -A Preferred
Stock  shall  nevertheless  be payable  on such  subsequent  Quarterly  Dividend
Payment Date.

        (c) Dividends  shall begin to accrue and be  cumulative  on  outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock from the Quarterly Dividend Payment Date next
preceding the date of issue of such shares of Series A Preferred  Stock,  unless
the date of  issue of such  shares  is  before  the  record  date for the  first
Quarterly  Dividend  Payment Date, in which case  dividends on such shares shall
begin to accrue  from the date of issue of such  shares,  or unless  the date of
issue is a Quarterly  Dividend  Payment  Date or is a date after the record date
for the  determination of holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock entitled
to receive a quarterly dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date,
in either of which events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative
from such Quarterly  Dividend  Payment Date.  Accrued but unpaid dividends shall
not bear interest.  Dividends paid on the shares of Series A Preferred  Stock in
an amount less than the total  amount of such  dividends at the time accrued and
payable on such shares shall be  allocated  pro rata on a  share-by-share  basis
among all such shares at the time outstanding.  The Board of Directors may fix a
record  date for the  determination  of holders of shares of Series A  Preferred
Stock  entitled  to  receive  payment  of a dividend  or  distribution  declared
thereon,  which record date shall be not more than 60 days before the date fixed
for the payment thereof.

        Section 3.  Voting  Rights.  The holders of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock shall have the following voting rights:

        (a) Except as provided in  paragraph C of this  Section 3 and subject to
the  provision  for  adjustment  hereinafter  set forth,  each share of Series A
Preferred  Stock shall  entitle  the holder  thereof to 100 votes on all matters
submitted to a vote of the shareholders of the Corporation.

        (b) Except as otherwise provided herein or by law, the holders of shares
of Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of shares of Common Stock shall vote
together as one class on all matters  submitted to a vote of shareholders of the
Corporation.

        (c) (i) If, on the date used to determine shareholders of record for any
meeting of shareholders  for the election of directors,  a default in preference
dividends (as defined in subparagraph (v) below) on the Series A Preferred Stock
shall exist,  the holders of the Series A Preferred  Stock shall have the right,
voting  as a class as  described  in  subparagraph  (ii)  below,  to  elect  two
directors,  and the  holders of shares of Common  Stock  shall have the right to
elect the  remaining  directors.  Such right may be  exercised at any meeting of
shareholders  for the election of directors until all such cumulative  dividends
(referred  to  above)  shall  have  been  paid in full or  until  non-cumulative
dividends have been paid regularly for at least one year.

        (ii) The right of the holders of Series A  Preferred  Stock to elect two
directors,  as described above,  shall be exercised as a class concurrently with
the rights of holders of any other series of  Preferred  Stock upon which voting
rights to elect such directors have been conferred and are then exercisable. The
Series A Preferred Stock and any additional  series of Preferred Stock which the
Corporation  may  issue and  which  may  provide  for the right to vote with the
foregoing  series of  Preferred  Stock are  collectively  referred  to herein as
"Voting Preferred Stock."

        (iii) Each director elected by the holders of shares of Voting Preferred
Stock  shall be  referred  to  herein as a  "Preferred  Director."  A  Preferred
Director so elected  shall  continue to serve as such director for a term of one
year,  except that upon any  termination  of the right of all of such holders to
vote as a class for Preferred  Directors,  the term of office of such  directors
shall  terminate.  Any  Preferred  Director  may be removed by, and shall not be
removed except by, the approval the outstanding shares of Voting Preferred Stock
then  entitled to vote for the election of  directors,  subject to Sections 302,
303 and 304 of the General Corporation Law of the State of California.


<PAGE>


        (iv) So long as a default in any  preference  dividends  on the Series A
Preferred  Stock  shall  exist or the  holders  of any  other  series  of Voting
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to elect Preferred  Directors,  any vacancy in
the  office of a  Preferred  Director  may only be filled by the vote or written
consent  of the  holders  of a  majority  of the  outstanding  shares  of Voting
Preferred Stock then entitled to vote for the election of directors, present (in
person or by proxy) and voting  together  as a single  class.  Each  director so
elected to fill a vacancy  shall be deemed,  for all  purposes  hereof,  to be a
Preferred Director.

        (v) For purposes  hereof,  a "default in  preference  dividends"  on the
Series A Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have occurred whenever the amount of
cumulative  and  unpaid  dividends  on the  Series A  Preferred  Stock  shall be
equivalent to six full quarterly dividends or more (whether or not consecutive),
and, having so occurred, such default shall be deemed to exist thereafter until,
but only until, all cumulative dividends on all shares of the Series A Preferred
Stock then outstanding shall have been paid through the last Quarterly  Dividend
Payment Date or until, but only until,  non-cumulative  dividends have been paid
regularly for at least one year.

        Section 4. Certain Restrictions.

        (a) Whenever  quarterly  dividends or other  dividends or  distributions
payable on the Series A Preferred Stock as provided in Section 2 are in arrears,
thereafter and until all accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions, whether
or not declared,  on shares of Series A Preferred Stock  outstanding  shall have
been paid in full, the Corporation shall not

        (i) declare or pay dividends,  or make any other  distributions,  on any
shares of stock  ranking  junior  (either as to dividends  or upon  liquidation,
dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock;

        (ii) declare or pay dividends,  or make any other distributions,  on any
shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Preferred  Stock,  except dividends
paid ratably on the Series A Preferred  Stock and all such parity stock on which
dividends  are payable or in arrears in proportion to the total amounts to which
the holders of all such shares are then entitled;

        (iii) redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration  (except
as provided  in (iv) below)  shares of any stock  ranking  junior  (either as to
dividends  or upon  liquidation,  dissolution  or  winding  up) to the  Series A
Preferred Stock, provided that the Corporation may at any time redeem,  purchase
or otherwise  acquire  shares of any such junior stock in exchange for shares of
any stock of the  Corporation  ranking  junior  (either as to  dividends or upon
dissolution, liquidation or winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock;

        (iv) redeem or  purchase or  otherwise  acquire  for  consideration  any
shares of Series A Preferred  Stock,  or any shares of stock ranking on a parity
(either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the
Series A Preferred  Stock,  except in accordance  with a purchase  offer made in
writing or by  publication  (as  determined  by the Board of  Directors)  to all
holders  of such  shares  upon  such  terms  as the  Board of  Directors,  after
consideration of the respective  annual dividend rates and other relative rights
and  preferences of the respective  series and classes,  shall determine in good
faith will result in fair and equitable treatment among the respective series or
classes.

        (b) The  Corporation  shall not permit any subsidiary of the Corporation
to purchase or otherwise  acquire for  consideration  any shares of stock of the
Corporation unless the Corporation could, under paragraph (a) of this Section 4,
purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in such manner.

        Section 5.  Reacquired  Shares.  Any shares of Series A Preferred  Stock
purchased  or otherwise  acquired by the  Corporation  in any manner  whatsoever
shall be retired and cancelled promptly after the acquisition  thereof. All such
shares shall upon their  cancellation  become  authorized but unissued shares of
Preferred Stock and may be reissued as part of a new series of Preferred Stock.


<PAGE>


        Section 6. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up.

        (a) Subject to the prior and superior rights of holders of any shares of
any series of Preferred Stock ranking prior and superior to the shares of Series
A  Preferred  Stock with  respect to rights  upon  liquidation,  dissolution  or
winding  up  (voluntary  or  otherwise),  no  distribution  shall be made to the
holders  of shares of stock  ranking  junior  (either  as to  dividends  or upon
liquidation,  dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock unless,
prior  thereto,  the  holders of shares of Series A  Preferred  Stock shall have
received  $100 per share,  plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid  dividends
and distributions thereon,  whether or not declared, to the date of such payment
(the  "Series A  Liquidation  Preference").  Following  the  payment of the full
amount of the Series A  Liquidation  Preference,  holders of Series A  Preferred
Stock and holders of Common Stock shall receive their ratable and  proportionate
share of the remaining  assets to be distributed in the ratio of the "Adjustment
Number" to 1 with respect to such Series A Preferred  Stock and Common Stock, on
a per share basis,  respectively.  The  "Adjustment  Number" shall an amount per
share equal to the quotient  obtained by dividing  (i) the Series A  Liquidation
Preference by (ii) 100.

        (b)  In the  event,  however,  that  there  are  not  sufficient  assets
available to permit  payment in full of the Series A Liquidation  Preference and
the  liquidation  preferences  of all other series of preferred  stock,  if any,
which rank on a parity with the Series A Preferred  Stock,  then such  remaining
assets shall be distributed  ratably to the holders of Series A Preferred  Stock
and the  holders  of such  parity  shares  in  proportion  to  their  respective
liquidation preferences.

        Section 7.  Consolidation,  Merger,  etc. In case the Corporation  shall
enter into any consolidation,  merger, combination or other transaction in which
the shares of Common  Stock are  exchanged  for or changed  into other  stock or
securities,  cash and/or any other property, then in any such case the shares of
Series A  Preferred  Stock  shall at the same  time be  similarly  exchanged  or
changed  in an  amount  per  share  (subject  to the  provision  for  adjustment
hereinafter  set  forth)  equal to 100  times  the  aggregate  amount  of stock,
securities,  cash and/or any other property  (payable in kind),  as the case may
be, into which or for which each share of Common Stock is changed or exchanged.

        Section 8. No Redemption.  The shares of Series A Preferred  Stock shall
not be redeemable.

        Section 9.  Ranking.  The Series A Preferred  Stock shall rank junior to
all other  series of the  Corporation's  Preferred  Stock as to the  payment  of
dividends and the  distribution  of assets,  unless the terms of any such series
shall provide otherwise.

        Section 10. Amendment.  The Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation
shall not be further  amended  in any manner  which  would  materially  alter or
change the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series A Preferred Stock
so as to affect them adversely  without the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority or more of the outstanding  shares of Series A Preferred Stock,  voting
separately as a class.


                  (Remainder of page left blank intentionally.)


<PAGE>


        We further  declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State
of  California  that the  matters  set  forth in this  certificate  are true and
correct of our own knowledge.


Dated: November 17, 2004
                                          /s/ Haig S. Bagerdjian
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Haig S. Bagerdjian, President




        We further  declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State
of  California  that the  matters  set  forth in this  certificate  are true and
correct of our own knowledge.


Dated: November 17, 2004
                                          /s/ Alan R. Steel
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Alan R. Steel, Chief Financial Officer



