
<PAGE>

Exhibit 99.1                                           [MATRIA HEALTHCARE LOGO]

                                                        Contact:
                                                        Stephen M. Mengert
                                                        Chief Financial Officer
                                                        770/767-4500

                  MATRIA HEALTHCARE ANNOUNCES OUTLOOK FOR 2005
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         COMPANY FORECASTS 61% GROWTH IN EPS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS

MARIETTA, GA, DECEMBER 16, 2004 -- Matria Healthcare, Inc. (NASDAQ/NM: MATR)
announced today its outlook for the year 2005. Matria anticipates that its 2005
growth in revenues and profits will be generated primarily from the Company's
Health Enhancement segment, and in particular, through its disease management
business. As in previous years, the Company is providing a range of estimates
for 2005 revenues and earnings to account for the variations in revenues and
earnings principally attributable to potential new awards of business and the
actual timing of implementation and participant enrollment in new disease
management accounts.

OUTLOOK RANGE FOR 2005

At the low end of the range, Matria is forecasting a 61% growth in 2005 EPS from
continuing operations and 15% growth in revenues. The Company's range in its
2005 guidance from continuing operations is as follows:

<TABLE>
        <S>                                          <C>
        Low End Estimates
        Revenues (in millions)                       $335 million
        Earnings per diluted share                   $1.55

        High End Estimates
        Revenues (in millions)                       $340 million
        Earnings per diluted share                   $1.70
</TABLE>

         The Company's earnings per share guidance takes into account the
dilution from the Company's Convertible Senior Subordinated Notes based on the
new requirements issued by the FASB regarding the treatment of contingently
convertible debt instruments.

                                     -MORE-
<PAGE>

MATR Announces Outlook for 2005
December 16, 2004
Page 6

Under this FASB requirement, Matria shares issuable upon conversion of the notes
must be included in earnings per share computations effective for reporting
periods ending after December 15, 2004. The Company's forecasted fourth quarter
of 2004 earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.32 to $0.34 reflects
the effects of this change. As a result, the Company's 2004 third quarter
earnings per share from continuing operations will be $0.35 instead of $0.39.
Earnings per share from continuing operations for the second and first quarters
of 2004, were $0.26 and $0.03, respectively. The following table illustrates the
effects of the new FASB requirement on the Company's 2004 full year EPS forecast
and 2005 EPS guidance:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                FORECASTED 2004              2005 GUIDANCE           PERCENTAGE INCREASE
                             --------------------         ------------------         -------------------
                              LOW           HIGH           LOW         HIGH           LOW           HIGH
                              END            END           END          END           END            END
                             -----          -----         -----        -----          ---           ----
<S>                          <C>            <C>           <C>          <C>            <C>           <C>
EPS from continuing          $1.02          $1.04         $1.73        $1.92          70%           85%
operations before
effects of accounting
change

EPS from continuing          $0.96          $0.98         $1.55        $1.70          61%           73%
operations after effects
of accounting change
</TABLE>

         The low end of the Company's 2005 estimates includes the following
assumptions: the previously announced disease management accounts, for which the
Company has received vendor notification, are implemented as scheduled during
the first and second quarters of 2005, plus certain other disease management
accounts in the Company's pipeline are awarded and implemented during the year
and generate revenues of at least $3 million; 4% revenue growth from Facet
Technologies, the Company's product design, development and assembly subsidiary;
Matria's foreign diabetes service operations based in Germany produce
approximately 17% revenue growth; and the Women's and Children's Health
segment's revenues are level with 2004.

         The Company's high end estimates for 2005 are based on the following
additions to the low end projections: additional disease management accounts
currently in the Company's pipeline are awarded, implemented, and generate $2
million of incremental revenues in 2005; new product initiatives at Facet
Technologies result in $1 million of incremental revenues; and the Women's and
Children's Health segment generates $2 million of incremental revenues from
potential opportunities with state Medicaid programs.


                                    - MORE -
<PAGE>

MATR Announces Outlook for 2005
December 16, 2004
Page 7

         On June 30, 2004, the Company divested its Pharmacy and Supplies
subsidiary and retained accounts receivable and certain other assets. This
business has been treated as a discontinued operation in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). Subsequent to the divestiture,
the costs associated with the collection of accounts receivable are included in
discontinued operations. The effects of discontinued operations are a $0.05
reduction in earnings per share in the Company's forecasted 2004 EPS.

         Matria reports to its shareholders through two business segments --
Health Enhancement and Women's and Children's Health. The Health Enhancement
segment includes the Company's disease management business, the foreign diabetes
service operations, and Facet Technologies. The Women's and Children's Health
segment includes the Company's obstetrical disease management, case management
and clinical services operations.

HEALTH ENHANCEMENT SEGMENT

         The Company's 2005 expectations for the Health Enhancement segment are
based on strategies, opportunities and market conditions that are specific to
each of the operations reported in this segment.

Disease Management

         The disease management component of the Health Enhancement segment is
forecasted to produce 53% growth in 2005 revenues as part of the Company's low
end guidance.

         The Company believes many large and mid-tier employers are recognizing
that disease management currently is the best solution for controlling their
rising self-insured medical costs. In addition, to ensure consistency of
services and outcomes, employers with multiple health plans are increasingly
"carving out" disease management programs and outsourcing that function to one
independent disease management partner.

         The Company is optimistic that the demand for disease management
programs will increase during the year as the self-insured employers begin to
quantify the added productivity impact that disease management can have on their
organization. In addition to reducing the employer's healthcare costs by
enhancing the health of their employees with chronic diseases, as a bi-product
of implementing comprehensive disease management programs, these employers will
also realize significant productivity


                                    - MORE -
<PAGE>

MATR Announces Outlook for 2005
December 16, 2004
Page 8

improvements in the form of reduced absenteeism and presenteeism. Also adding to
the Company's optimism is the fact that many employers are beginning to see the
very positive outcomes being produced for employers who have already implemented
disease management programs with Matria.

         During 2004, the Company announced that it was awarded 20 new disease
management accounts. These previously announced new disease management accounts
included 14 self-insured employers, two state government employers, three health
plans and one-third party administrator. The Company's sales pipeline continues
to expand and the Company expects an even greater number of new disease
management business awards during 2005. The pipeline not only consists of
employers, health plans and third party administrators, but also includes
bio-pharma companies that are looking to disease management programs as a
significant tool to improve the medical outcomes of patients utilizing certain
complex pharmaceuticals.

         The Company also reported that, in the near future, it expects to
announce additional new business awards from its disease management sales
pipeline.

Facet Technologies

         From its current book of business, Facet Technologies is forecasted to
produce a 4% growth in 2005 revenues. In 2005, Facet Technologies plans to
introduce certain new technologies in blood sampling and lancet delivery
systems. Depending on the timing of the new product introductions, its revenues
may show a slight increase above forecasted levels.

Foreign Diabetes Operations

         The Company's forecasted 17% growth in revenues from its German
diabetes supplies and service business is based on historical trends. There are
possible opportunities developing in Germany and other European countries for
disease management programs. Matria will be investigating these potential
opportunities and, as appropriate, will develop expansion strategies.

WOMEN'S AND CHILDREN'S HEALTH

         Women's and Children's Health is expected to finish 2004 with a good
fourth quarter. The Company believes this segment has stabilized. The forecasted
stabilization in revenues from this segment in 2005 is founded on the recent
improvement in patient census, a revitalized sales approach and the potential
opportunities from state Medicaid


                                    - MORE -
<PAGE>

MATR Announces Outlook for 2005
December 16, 2004
Page 9

programs. During 2004, Women's and Children's Health added the Medicaid programs
in the states of Georgia and Illinois to its list of state programs authorizing
payment for its most profitable service. During 2005, the Company expects
Women's and Children's Health to add additional state Medicaid programs into
this category.

FIRST QUARTER 2005

         The Company estimates that revenues for the first quarter will be
between $77 million and $79 million and expects earnings per diluted share from
continuing operations to be between $0.30 and $0.32.

         The key assumption in the first quarter guidance is that the disease
management accounts forecasted to be implemented prior to the close of first
quarter of 2005 will not experience any slippage in schedule. Women's and
Children's Health revenues are generally the lowest for the year during the
first quarter due to seasonality, and this factor is taken into consideration in
the Company's first quarter forecast. The other divisions' revenue and earnings
forecasts generally have less risk for seasonality disruption.

CONFERENCE CALL

         The Company will host a conference call to discuss this press release
and the outlook on 2005 on Friday, December 17, 2004 at 10:30 a.m. Eastern
Standard time. A listen only simulcast, followed by a 30-day replay, of the
conference call will be available online at www.matria.com and
www.fulldisclosure.com on December 17, 2004, beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern
Standard time.

ABOUT MATRIA HEALTHCARE

         Matria Healthcare is a leading provider of comprehensive disease
management programs to health plans and employers. Matria manages the following
major chronic diseases and episodic conditions - diabetes, cardiovascular
diseases, respiratory diseases, high-risk obstetrics, cancer, chronic pain and
depression. Headquartered in Marietta, Georgia, Matria has more than 40 offices
in the United States and internationally. More information about Matria can be
found on line at www.matria.com


                                    - MORE -
<PAGE>

MATR Announces Outlook for 2005
December 16, 2004
Page 10

SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT

         This press release contains forward-looking statements. Such statements
include but are not limited to the Company's and its various business units'
financial expectations for the fiscal year 2004, first quarter of 2005 and
fiscal year 2005, the continued success of the Company's growth strategy for its
disease management business, the continued demand for the Company's disease
management programs, the ability of the Company to convert awards of business
into implemented contracts, the timing of contracts implementation and patient
enrollment, the profitability of the Company's disease management business
contracts, the ability of the Company to convert its sales pipeline into
implemented contracts, the continuation of the trend for employers to carve out
disease management programs, the ability of the Company's disease management
programs to reduce healthcare costs and improve employee productivity and the
effect of those outcomes on the demand for the Company's disease management
services, the continued increase in demand for disease management programs in
support of complex pharmaceuticals, the stabilization of revenues and prospects
for growth in the Women's and Children's Health division, the impact of Women's
and Children's Health sales initiatives on generating growth, the ability of the
Company to gain business from the Medicaid sector of the Women's and Children's
Health market, new technology developments in the Facet Technologies business
and the growth in that business, the potential for disease management programs
in Germany and other European countries and their impact on the growth of the
Company's foreign diabetes operations. These statements are based on current
information and belief, and are not guarantees of future performance. Among the
important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those indicated by such forward-looking statements include the Company's
inability to achieve its financial expectations in 2004, the first quarter of
2005 and fiscal year 2005, the possibility that continued demand for the
Company's disease management programs will diminish or not continue to grow,
failure to produce expected savings and outcomes in the Company's disease
management business, failure to convert awards of business into implemented
contracts, delays or problems in implementation of new disease management
contracts, failure to achieve revenue expectations for the Company's newly
awarded business, failure to sign additional disease management contracts,
decreased trend in employers carving out disease management programs, higher
than expected costs of providing disease management services, failure to
capitalize on strategic opportunities in the disease management market in
Europe, failure to expand relationships with pharmaceutical companies or to
generate revenues from such alliances, technology failures, inability of the
Women's and Children's Health segment to generate growth from its state Medicaid
and sales initiatives, failure to generate additional business from new product
initiatives in the Facet Technologies business, increased pricing pressures on
the Company's foreign diabetes operations, developments in the healthcare
industry, third-party actions over which Matria does not have control,
regulatory requirements applicable to Matria's business and the risk factors
detailed from time to time in Matria's periodic reports and Annual report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. By making these forward-looking
statements, Matria does not undertake to update them in any manner except as may
be required by Matria's


<PAGE>

MATR Announces Outlook for 2005
December 16, 2004
Page 11

disclosure obligations in filings it make with the Securities and Exchange
Commission under the federal securities laws.

