-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 GgZTolu3ab9omxfzlrhl3W7LoxE205dmT/NR1HSFNKxfll+1iTE84aAN7nsxv0ZS
 zMr0n0UcRhamYL3O+NiwOQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001019687-04-002956.txt : 20041230
<SEC-HEADER>0001019687-04-002956.hdr.sgml : 20041230
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041230170736
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001019687-04-002956
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041230
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041230

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MARKLAND TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001102833
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEASURING & CONTROLLING DEVICES, NEC [3829]
		IRS NUMBER:				841331134
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28863
		FILM NUMBER:		041234697

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		54 DANBURY ROAD
		STREET 2:		#207
		CITY:			RIDGEFIELD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06877
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-894-9700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		54 DANBURY ROAD
		STREET 2:		#207
		CITY:			RIDGEFIELD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06877

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	QUEST NET CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000320

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PARPUTT ENTERPRISES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000107
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>markland_8k-123004.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549


                   -------------------------------------------


                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT
                     PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 28, 2004

                           MARKLAND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                           ---------------------------
               (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN CHARTER)

          FLORIDA                                               84-1331134
          -------                                               ----------
(State or Other Jurisdiction                                   (IRS Employer
     of Incorporation)                                    Identification Number)

                                    000-28863
                                    ---------
                                   (Commission
                                   File Number)

                   #207 54 DANBURY ROAD, RIDGEFIELD, CT 06877
               (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)
               ---------------------------------------------------

                                 (203) 894-9700
                                 --------------
              (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

                                       N/A
                                       ---
          (Former Name or Former Address, If Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below).

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR
230.425)

[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12)

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))



<PAGE>

            CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

         This report on Form 8-K contains "forward-looking statements" within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We intend the forward-looking statements to be
covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements in these
sections. All statements regarding our expected publicity and marketing
activities, financial position, business and financing plans are forward-looking
statements. These statements can sometimes be identified by our use of
forward-looking words such as "may," "will," "should," "expect," "anticipate,"
"project," "designed," "estimate," "plan" and "continue." Although we believe
that our expectations in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we
cannot promise that our expectations will turn out to be correct. These
forward-looking statements generally relate to plans and objectives for future
operations and are based upon reasonable estimates and assumptions regarding
future results or trends. These forward-looking statements are subject to
certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to Markland Technologies,
Inc. ("Markland", the "Company", "we" or "our"). Factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from Markland expectations include the uncertainty
regarding the fact that we do not control the performance of third parties with
whom we have contracts, Markland's possible ability to repay existing
indebtedness, possible inability of Markland to continue in business and other
risks detailed from time to time in Markland's SEC reports. No assurance can be
given that investors of Markland will retain any level of value. Should one or
more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying
assumptions prove incorrect, the Company's future performance and actual results
of operations may vary significantly from those anticipated, projected,
believed, expected, intended or implied. The Company undertakes no obligation to
update any of the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date
they were made.

ITEM 1.01         ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT
ITEM 3.03         MATERIAL MODIFICATION TO RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS

Amendment to Warrants Issued to DKR Soundshore Oasis Holding Fund Ltd. and DKR
Soundshore Strategic Holding Fund Ltd.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         On December 28, 2004, we entered into agreements (the "DKR AMENDMENTS")
with DKR Soundshore Oasis Holding Fund Ltd. and DKR Soundshore Strategic Holding
Fund Ltd. (collectively "DKR") to amend terms of warrants issued to DKR on
September 21, 2004 (the "DKR WARRANTS"), for the purchase of up to 5,200,000
shares of our common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the "COMMON STOCK")
issued in connection with our September 21, 2004, private placement.
Specifically, subject to the terms and conditions contained in the DKR
Amendment, the parties have agreed:

         o        To amend the DKR Warrants so that DKR may exercise all or any
                  portion of the Warrants for an exercise price of $0.60 per
                  share of the Common Stock, from December 28, 2004 until
                  February 28, 2005 (the "DKR EXERCISE PERIOD"). At the end of
                  the DKR Exercise Period, the amendment shall expire and the
                  exercise terms of the DKR Warrants existing prior to December
                  28, 2004, shall be effective.

         o        That DKR shall exercise a minimum of $600,000 in exercise
                  price of the DKR Warrants, as amended, on or before the close
                  of business, New York City time, on December 31, 2004.

         o        That the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the DKR
                  Warrants shall not be adjusted as a result of the temporary
                  reduction in exercise price.

         o        That at the end of the DKR Exercise Period, we will issue to
                  DKR warrants to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock
                  equal to the number of shares purchased by DKR during the DKR
                  Exercise Period at an exercise price of $1.50 per share (the
                  "NEW DKR WARRANTS").

         The DKR Amendments and the form of the New DKR Warrants are filed
herewith as Exhibits 99.1, 99.2 and 99.3 and are incorporated herein by
reference.

<PAGE>

Relationship with DKR
- ---------------------

         As previously reported in our Current report on Form 8-K filed on
September 23, 2004, on September 21, 2004, we issued Notes and warrants to DKR
in a private placement made in reliance on Section 4(2) of Securities Act of
1933. DKR holds our Common Stock and are "accredited investors" within the
meaning of Regulation D. The shares underlying these Notes and warrants issued
on September 21, 2004 have been registered with the SEC in a registration
statement on Form SB-2 that was declared effective on December 2, 2004 (File No.
333-120390).

A DESCRIPTION OF THE SEPTEMBER 21, 2004, PRIVATE PLACEMENT IS INCLUDED IN OUR
CURRENT REPORT ON FORM 8-K FILED ON SEPTEMBER 23, 2004 (FILE NO. 000-28863). THE
PURCHASE AGREEMENT AND THE FORMS OF NOTE AND WARRANT EXECUTED IN CONNECTION WITH
THAT PRIVATE PLACEMENT WERE FILED AS EXHIBITS THERETO. A DESCRIPTION OF OUR
AGREEMENT TO REGISTER 4,400,000 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK UNDERLYING THE WARRANTS
ISSUED ON DECEMBER 7, 2004 IS INCLUDED IN OUR CURRENT REPORT ON FORM 8-K FILED
ON DECEMBER 9, 2004 (FILE NO. 000-28863). THESE FILINGS ARE PUBLIC DOCUMENTS
AVAILABLE ON THE SEC'S WEB SITE AT WWW.SEC.GOV. WE URGE YOU TO OBTAIN AND READ
CAREFULLY COPIES OF THESE DOCUMENTS AND THIS CURRENT REPORT AND ITS EXHIBITS.

Amendment to Warrants Issued to Greenfield Capital Partners LLC
- ---------------------------------------------------------------

         On December 29, 2004, we entered into an agreement (the "GREENFIELD
AMENDMENT") with Greenfield Capital Partners LLC ("GREENFIELD") to amend the
terms of a warrant issued to Greenfield on September 22, 2004 (the "GREENFIELD
WARRANT") for the purchase of up to 750,000 shares of Common Stock as
compensation for consulting services performed by Greenfield in connection with
our September 21, 2004, private placement. Specifically, subject to the terms
and conditions contained in the Greenfield Amendment, the parties have agreed:

         o        To amend the Greenfield Warrants so that Greenfield may
                  exercise all or any portion of the Greenfield Warrant for an
                  exercise price of $0.60 per share of Common Stock, from
                  December 29, 2004 until January 31, 2005 (the "GREENFIELD
                  EXERCISE PERIOD").

         o        That Greenfield shall exercise a minimum of 400,000 of the
                  Greenfield Warrant, as amended, on or before the close of
                  business, New York City time, on December 31, 2004, and
                  350,000 of the Greenfield Warrants, as amended, on or before
                  the close of business, New York City time, on January 31, 2004

         o        That the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the
                  Greenfield Warrant shall not be adjusted as a result of the
                  temporary reduction in exercise price.

         o        That section 2(b) of the Greenfield Warrant shall be amended
                  so as to prohibit the exercise of the Greenfield Warrants to
                  the extent that such issuance would result in Greenfield
                  beneficially owning more than 9.99% of the outstanding shares
                  of Common Stock.

         The Greenfield Amendment is filed herewith as Exhibit 99.4 and is
incorporated herein by reference.

Relationship with Greenfield
- ----------------------------

         On September 22, 2004, we issued warrants, substantially the same in
form as the DKR Warrants, to Greenfield as compensation for consulting services
performed by Greenfield in connection with the our September 21, 2004, private
placement. This issuance was made in reliance on Section 4(2) of Securities Act
of 1933. Greenfield holds our Common Stock and is an "accredited investor"
within the meaning of Regulation D. The shares underlying the warrants issued on
September 22, 2004, have been registered with the SEC in a registration
statement on Form SB-2 that was declared effective on December 2, 2004 (File No.
333-120390).

<PAGE>

         As previously reported in our registration statement on Form SB-2 filed
on November 10, 2004, on November 9, 2004, we issued warrants to Greenfield as
compensation for consulting services performed by Greenfield in connection with
the our November 9, 2004, private placement. This issuance was made in reliance
on Section 4(2) of Securities Act of 1933.

Amendment to Warrants issued to Southridge Partners LP
- ------------------------------------------------------

         On December 29, 2004, we entered into an agreement (the "SOUTHRIDGE
AMENDMENT") with Southridge Partners LP ("SOUTHRIDGE") to amend the terms of a
warrant issued to Southridge on November 9, 2004 (the "SOUTHRIDGE WARRANT") for
the purchase of up to 568,750 shares of Common Stock in connection with our
November 9, 2004, private placement. Specifically, subject to the terms and
conditions contained in the Southridge Amendment, the parties have agreed:

         o        To amend the Southridge Warrant so that Southridge may
                  exercise all or any portion of the Southridge Warrant for an
                  exercise price of $0.60 per share of Common Stock, from
                  December 29, 2004 until December 31, 2004 (the "SOUTHRIDGE
                  EXERCISE PERIOD").

         o        That Southridge shall exercise all of the of the Southridge
                  Warrant, as amended, on or before the close of business, New
                  York City time, on December 31, 2004.

         o        That the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the
                  Southridge Warrant shall not be adjusted as a result of the
                  temporary reduction in exercise price.

         o        That section 11(a) of the Southridge Warrant shall be deleted
                  in its entirety so as to eliminate restrictions on the ability
                  of Southridge to exercise the Southridge Warrants based on the
                  number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by
                  Southridge.

         The Southridge Amendment is filed herewith as Exhibit 99.5 and is
incorporated herein by reference.


Relationship with Southridge
- ----------------------------

         As previously reported in our registration statement on Form SB-2 filed
on November 10, 2004, on November 9, 2004 we issued Notes and warrants to
Southridge in a private placement made in reliance on Section 4(2) of Securities
Act of 1933. Southridge holds our Common Stock and is an "accredited investors"
within the meaning of Regulation D. The shares underlying these Notes and
warrants issued on November 9, 2004 have been registered with the SEC in a
registration statement on Form SB-2 that was declared effective on December 2,
2004 (File No. 333-120390).

A DESCRIPTION OF THE NOVEMBER 9, 2004, PRIVATE PLACEMENT IS INCLUDED IN OUR
REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON FORM SB-2 FILED ON NOVEMBER 10, 2004 (FILE NO.
333-120390). THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT AND THE FORMS OF NOTE AND WARRANT EXECUTED
IN CONNECTION WITH THAT PRIVATE PLACEMENT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY THE SAME AS THOSE
ISSUED IN OUR SEPTEMBER 21, 2004, PRIVATE PLACEMENT AND FILED AS EXHIBITS WITH
THE COMPANY'S CURRENT REPORT OF FORM 8-K FILED ON SEPTEMBER 23, 2004 (FILE NO.
000-28863). THESE FILINGS ARE PUBLIC DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ON THE SEC'S WEB SITE
AT WWW.SEC.GOV. WE URGE YOU TO OBTAIN AND READ CAREFULLY COPIES OF THESE
DOCUMENTS AND THIS CURRENT REPORT AND ITS EXHIBITS.


<PAGE>

ITEM 7.01         REGULATION FD DISCLOSURE

         We have identified a potential acquisition candidate, and we are
currently negotiating the terms of that potential acquisition. This acquisition
candidate is a privately held company with expertise in imaging and surveillance
whose primary customer is the U.S. Department of Defense. No assurances can be
given that this acquisition will be completed, however, if it is completed it
may be deemed to be the acquisition of a significant subsidiary requiring the
filing of a report on form 8-k. We expect the acquisition price to be
approximately $10,000,000 to be paid in a combination of cash and securities. To
finance the acquisition we expect to raise additional cash through sales of our
securities. If we are able to obtain financing, it may be on terms that are
dilutive to our existing stockholders and may limit, among other things, our
ability to acquire other businesses, invest in capital assets, sell or otherwise
dispose of our existing assets or incur additional indebtedness. We expect to
make this acquisition by acquiring majority ownership of a publicly traded
entity and using that entity to acquire all of the outstanding capital stock of
the acquisition candidate. If we are successful, we will own a majority interest
in a publicly traded company.

         We may be unable to successfully negotiate or finance this proposed
acquisition, or, if the acquisition is consummated, effectively manage the
acquired business to realize benefits from the acquisition. The negotiation of
this acquisition and the management of the acquired business may require a
disproportionate amount of management's attention and resources. Furthermore,
the success of this acquisition may also depend upon a variety of other factors
including our ability to estimate accurately future production, future revenues,
and possible future liabilities. Even though we will perform a review of the
business and operations of the acquisition candidate prior to any closing, it
may not reveal all existing or potential problems or permit us to become
familiar enough with the business to accurately asses its potential or its
deficiencies.

         We are uncertain how long negotiations with the acquisition candidate
will take before we determine whether or not we will consummate the proposed
acquisition. Unless required by law, we do not intend to make any further
announcements concerning this potential acquisition.

         The information contained herein is furnished pursuant to Item 7.01 of
Form 8-K and shall not be deemed to be "filed" for the purposes of Section 18 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of
that Section, unless we specifically incorporate it by reference in a document
filed under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
By filing this Current Report on Form 8-K and furnishing this information, we
make no admission as to the materiality of any information in this Current
Report on Form 8-K.


ITEM 9.01         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS
<TABLE>

Exhibit No.             Description             Filed with                  Incorporated by reference
                                                 this 8-K
- ------------- --------------------------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------
                                                                   Form            Filing Date         Exhibit No.
- ------------- --------------------------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------
<C>           <C>
99.1          Amendment to Warrant No. CS-84         x

99.2          Amendment to Warrant No. CS-85         x

99.3          Form of New DKR Warrants               x

99.4          Amendment to Warrant No. CS-83         x

99.5          Amendment to Warrant No. CS-89         x

</TABLE>

<PAGE>




                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

                                        MARKLAND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.



                                        By: /s/ Robert Tarini
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Robert Tarini
                                            Chief Executive Officer




Date: December 30, 2004


<PAGE>
<TABLE>

EXHIBIT INDEX
Exhibit No.             Description             Filed with                  Incorporated by reference
                                                 this 8-K
- ------------- --------------------------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------
                                                                   Form            Filing Date         Exhibit No.
- ------------- --------------------------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------
<C>           <C>
99.1          Amendment to Warrant No. CS-84         x

99.2          Amendment to Warrant No. CS-85         x

99.3          Form of New DKR Warrants               x

99.4          Amendment to Warrant No. CS-83         x

99.5          Amendment to Warrant No. CS-89         x

</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>markland_8kex99-1.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 99.1

                         AMENDMENT TO WARRANT NO. CS-84

         THIS AMENDMENT, dated December 28, 2004 (this "Amendment"), to Warrant
No. CS-84, issued on September 21, 2004 by Markland Technologies, Inc., a
Florida corporation (the "Company") to DRK Soundshore Oasis Holding Fund, Ltd.
(the "Warrant Holder") for the purchase of up to 5,200,000 shares of the common
stock, $ .0001 par value per share, of the Company (the "Warrant");

         WHEREAS, the Company and the Warrant Holder desire to temporarily
reduce the excess price of the Warrants to $0.60 per share and that ensure that
a minimum of $480,000 in exercise amount is paid to the Company;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in
this Amendment, for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound
hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

         All capitalized terms used on this Amendment and not defined herein
shall have the meaning give such term the Warrant.

         The Warrant is hereby amended so that the Warrant Holder may exercise
all or any portion of its Warrant for an exercise price of $ 0.60 per share of
Common Stock from the date of this Amendment until midnight on February 28, 2005
(the "New Price Exercise Period"); provided that (1) the Warrant Holder shall
exercise a minimum of $480,000 in Exercise Price of Warrants on or before the
close of business New York City time on December 31, 2004, (2) the Warrant
Holder may exercise all or any portion of the remaining Warrant at a per share
price of $0.60 at any time during the New Price Exercise Period, (3) the number
of shares of Common Stock subject to the Warrant shall not be adjusted as a
result of the temporary reduction in exercise price set forth in this Agreement,
and (4) the provisions of this amendment reducing the Exercise Price of the
Warrants shall expire and be of no further force or effect at the end of the New
Price Exercise Period and the Exercise terms of the Warrant existing prior to
the date of this Amendment shall be effective from and after such date. Except
as expressly provided in this Amendment, the terms and conditions of the Warrant
shall be unchanged and shall remain on full force and effect.

         Promptly, but in any event within five (5) trading days after the end
of the New Price Exercise Period, the Company shall issue to the Warrant Holder
a new warrant (in substantially the form of Exhibit A to this Amendment) to
purchase a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares of
Common Stock purchased by the Warrant Holder through the exercise of the Warrant
during the New Price Exercise Period at and exercise price of $1.50 per share.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused their Amendment to
be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the date first
above written.

                                        MARKLAND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                        By: /s/ Robert Tarini
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Name: Robert Tarini
                                            Title: President


DRK Soundshore Oasis Holding Fund, Ltd.


By:
Name:
Title:


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>markland_8kex99-2.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 99.2

                         AMENDMENT TO WARRANT NO. CS-85

         THIS AMENDMENT, dated December 28, 2004 (this "Amendment"), to Warrant
No. CS-85, issued on September 21, 2004 by Markland Technologies, Inc., a
Florida corporation (the "Company") to DRK Soundshore Strategic Holding Fund,
Ltd. (the "Warrant Holder") for the purchase of up to 1,300,000 shares of the
common stock, $ .0001 par value per share, of the Company (the "Warrant");

         WHEREAS, the Company and the Warrant Holder desire to temporarily
reduce the excess price of the Warrants to $0.60 per share and that ensure that
a minimum of $120,000 in exercise amount is paid to the Company;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in
this Amendment, for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound
hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

         All capitalized terms used on this Amendment and not defined herein
shall have the meaning give such term the Warrant.

         The Warrant is hereby amended so that the Warrant Holder may exercise
all or any portion of its Warrant for an exercise price of $ 0.60 per share of
Common Stock from the date of this Amendment until midnight on February 28, 2005
(the "New Price Exercise Period"); provided that (1) the Warrant Holder shall
exercise a minimum of $120,000 in Exercise Price of Warrants on or before the
close of business New York City time on December 31, 2004, (2) the Warrant
Holder may exercise all or any portion of the remaining Warrant at a per share
price of $0.60 at any time during the New Price Exercise Period, (3) the number
of shares of Common Stock subject to the Warrant shall not be adjusted as a
result of the temporary reduction in exercise price set forth in this Agreement,
and (4) the provisions of this amendment reducing the Exercise Price of the
Warrants shall expire and be of no further force or effect at the end of the New
Price Exercise Period and the Exercise terms of the Warrant existing prior to
the date of this Amendment shall be effective from and after such date. Except
as expressly provided in this Amendment, the terms and conditions of the Warrant
shall be unchanged and shall remain on full force and effect.

         Promptly, but in any event within five (5) trading days after the end
of the New Price Exercise Period, the Company shall issue to the Warrant Holder
a new warrant (in substantially the form of Exhibit A to this Amendment) to
purchase a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares of
Common Stock purchased by the Warrant Holder through the exercise of the Warrant
during the New Price Exercise Period at and exercise price of $1.50 per share.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused their Amendment to
be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the date first
above written.

                                        MARKLAND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                        By: /s/ Robert Tarini
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Name: Robert Tarini
                                            Title: President


DRK Soundshore Strategic Holding Fund, Ltd.


By:
    ----------------------------
Name:
Title:


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>markland_8kex99-3.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 99.3

                                                                       EXHIBIT A

NEITHER THESE SECURITIES NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THESE
SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR
THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES
ACT"), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO
SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE
COMPANY.


                           MARKLAND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.


                                     WARRANT


Warrant No. CS - __                       Original Issue Date: ___________, 2005

         MARKLAND TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Florida corporation (the "COMPANY"),
hereby certifies that, for value received, _______________________ or its
registered assigns (the "HOLDER"), is entitled to purchase from the Company up
to a total of _________ shares of Common Stock (each such share, a "WARRANT
SHARE" and all such shares, the "WARRANT SHARES"), at any time and from time to
time from the Original Issue Date and through and including _____________, 2010
(the "EXPIRATION DATE"), and subject to the following terms and conditions:

         1. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Warrant, the following terms shall have
the respective definitions set forth in this Section 1. Capitalized terms that
are used and not defined in this Warrant that are defined in the Purchase
Agreement (as defined below) shall have the respective definitions set forth in
the Purchase Agreement.

         "BUSINESS DAY" means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day that
is a federal legal holiday in the United States or a day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other
government action to close.

         "COMMON STOCK" means the common stock of the Company, par value $.0001
per share, and any securities into which such common stock may hereafter be
reclassified.

         "EXERCISE PRICE" means $1.50.


<PAGE>

         "FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION" means any of the following: (1) the Company
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person
in which the Company is not a surviving entity, (2) the Company effects any sale
of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related
transactions, (3) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or
another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are
permitted to tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or
property, or (4) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or
any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively
converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property.

         "ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE" means the Original Issue Date first set forth on
the first page of this Warrant.

         "NEW YORK COURTS" means the state and federal courts sitting in the
City of New York, Borough of Manhattan.

         "TRADING DAY" means (i) a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a
Trading Market, (ii) if the Common Stock is not quoted on any Trading Market, a
day on which the Common Stock is quoted in the over-the-counter market as
reported by the National Quotation Bureau Incorporated (or any similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), or
(iii) in the event that the Common Stock is not listed or quoted as set forth in
(i) or (ii) hereof, a Business Day.

         2. REGISTRATION OF WARRANT. The Company shall register this Warrant
upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the "WARRANT
REGISTER"), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The
Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute
owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the
Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

         3. REGISTRATION OF TRANSFERS. The Company shall register the transfer
of any portion of this Warrant in the Warrant Register, upon surrender of this
Warrant, with the Form of Assignment attached hereto duly completed and signed,
to the Company at its address specified herein. Upon any such registration or
transfer, a new Warrant to purchase Common Stock, in substantially the form of
this Warrant (any such new Warrant, a "NEW Warrant"), evidencing the portion of
this Warrant so transferred shall be issued to the transferee and a New Warrant
evidencing the remaining portion of this Warrant not so transferred, if any,
shall be issued to the transferring Holder. The acceptance of the New Warrant by
the transferee thereof shall be deemed the acceptance by such transferee of all
of the rights and obligations of a holder of a Warrant.

         4. EXERCISE AND DURATION OF WARRANTS. This Warrant shall be exercisable
by the registered Holder at any time and from time to time after the Original
Issue Date and through and including the Expiration Date. At 6:30 p.m., New York
City time on the Expiration Date, the portion of this Warrant not exercised
prior thereto shall be and become void and of no value. The Company may not call
or redeem any portion of this Warrant without the prior written consent of the
affected Holder.


                                       2
<PAGE>

         5. DELIVERY OF WARRANT SHARES.

                  (a) To effect exercises hereunder, the Holder shall not be
required to physically surrender this Warrant unless the aggregate Warrant
Shares represented by this Warrant is being exercised. Upon delivery of the
Exercise Notice (in the form attached hereto) to the Company (with the attached
Warrant Shares Exercise Log) by facsimile showing confirmation of receipt and
upon payment of the Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares
that the Holder intends to purchase hereunder, the Company shall promptly (but
in no event later than three Trading Days after the Date of Exercise (as defined
herein)) issue and deliver to the Holder, a certificate for the Warrant Shares
issuable upon such exercise.

                  (b) If by the third Trading Day after a Date of Exercise the
Company fails to deliver the required number of Warrant Shares in the manner
required pursuant to Section 5(a), then the Holder will have the right to
rescind such exercise.

                  (c) The Company's obligations to issue and deliver Warrant
Shares in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional,
irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any
waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any
judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff,
counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged
breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any
violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other Person, and
irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such
obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of
Warrant Shares. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder's right to pursue any other
remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with
respect to the Company's failure to timely deliver certificates representing
Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms
hereof.

         6. CHARGES, TAXES AND EXPENSES. Issuance and delivery of Warrant Shares
upon exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder for any
issue or transfer tax, withholding tax, transfer agent fee or other incidental
tax or expense in respect of the issuance of such certificates, all of which
taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company; provided, however, that the
Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of
any transfer involved in the registration of any certificates for Warrant Shares
or Warrants in a name other than that of the Holder. The Holder shall be
responsible for all other tax liability that may arise as a result of holding or
transferring this Warrant or receiving Warrant Shares upon exercise hereof.

         7. REPLACEMENT OF WARRANT. If this Warrant is mutilated, lost, stolen
or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and
substitution for and upon cancellation hereof, or in lieu of and substitution
for this Warrant, a New Warrant, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction and customary and
reasonable indemnity (which shall not include a surety bond), if requested.
Applicants for a New Warrant under such circumstances shall also comply with
such other reasonable regulations and procedures and pay such other reasonable
third-party costs as the Company may prescribe. If a New Warrant is requested as
a result of a mutilation of this Warrant, then the Holder shall deliver such
mutilated Warrant to the Company as a condition precedent to the Company's
obligation to issue the New Warrant.


                                       3
<PAGE>

         8. RESERVATION OF WARRANT SHARES. The Company covenants that it will at
all times reserve and keep available out of the aggregate of its authorized but
unissued and otherwise unreserved Common Stock, solely for the purpose of
enabling it to issue Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as herein
provided, the number of Warrant Shares which are then issuable and deliverable
upon the exercise of this entire Warrant, free from preemptive rights or any
other contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (taking into
account the adjustments and restrictions of SECTION 9). The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares so issuable and deliverable shall, upon issuance and the
payment of the applicable Exercise Price in accordance with the terms hereof, be
duly and validly authorized, issued and fully paid and nonassessable.

         9. CERTAIN ADJUSTMENTS. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment from time to
time as set forth in this SECTION 9.

                  (a) STOCK DIVIDENDS AND SPLITS. If the Company, at any time
while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) pays a stock dividend on its Common Stock
or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital stock that is payable
in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock
into a larger number of shares, or (iii) combines outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the Exercise Price
shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event and of which
the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this
paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date for the
determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution,
and any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall
become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or
combination.

                  (b) FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS. If, at any time while this
Warrant is outstanding there is a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall
have the right thereafter to receive, upon exercise of this Warrant, the same
amount and kind of securities, cash or property as it would have been entitled
to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been,
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the number of
Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise in full of this Warrant (the
"ALTERNATE CONSIDERATION"). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination
of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect
of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company
shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a
reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of
the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as
to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction,
then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental
Transaction. At the Holder's option and request, any successor to the Company or
surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall, either (1) issue to the
Holder a new warrant substantially in the form of this Warrant and consistent
with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder's right to purchase the
Alternate Consideration for the aggregate Exercise Price upon exercise thereof,
or (2) purchase the Warrant from the Holder for a purchase price, payable in
cash within five Trading Days after such request (or, if later, on the effective
date of the Fundamental Transaction), equal to the Black Scholes value of the
remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of such request. The
terms of any agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental Transaction is effected
shall include terms requiring any such successor or surviving entity to comply
with the provisions of this paragraph (c) and insuring that the Warrant (or any
such replacement security) will be similarly adjusted upon any subsequent
transaction analogous to a Fundamental Transaction.

                                       4
<PAGE>

                  (c) NUMBER OF WARRANT SHARES. Simultaneously with any
adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 9, the number of
Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be
increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the
aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the adjusted number of Warrant
Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately
prior to such adjustment.

                  (d) CALCULATIONS. All calculations under this SECTION 9 shall
be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as applicable.
The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time shall not
include shares owned or held by or for the account of the Company, and the
disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issue or sale of Common
Stock.

                  (e) NOTICE OF ADJUSTMENTS. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment pursuant to this SECTION 9, the Company at its expense will promptly
compute such adjustment in accordance with the terms of this Warrant and prepare
a certificate setting forth such adjustment, including a statement of the
adjusted Exercise Price and adjusted number or type of Warrant Shares or other
securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (as applicable), describing
the transactions giving rise to such adjustments and showing in detail the facts
upon which such adjustment is based. Upon written request, the Company will
promptly deliver a copy of each such certificate to the Holder and to the
Company's Transfer Agent.

                  (f) NOTICE OF CORPORATE EVENTS. If the Company (i) declares a
dividend or any other distribution of cash, securities or other property in
respect of its Common Stock, including without limitation any granting of rights
or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any capital stock of the Company or any
Subsidiary, (ii) authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating
or solicits stockholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction or (iii)
authorizes the voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then the Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice describing
the material terms and conditions of such transaction (but only to the extent
such disclosure would not result in the dissemination of material, non-public
information to the Holder) at least 10 calendar days prior to the applicable
record or effective date on which a Person would need to hold Common Stock in
order to participate in or vote with respect to such transaction, and the
Company will take all steps reasonably necessary in order to insure that the
Holder is given the practical opportunity to exercise this Warrant prior to such
time so as to participate in or vote with respect to such transaction; provided,
however, that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein shall not
affect the validity of the corporate action required to be described in such
notice.


                                       5
<PAGE>

         10. PAYMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE. The Holder may pay the Exercise Price in
one of the following manners:

                  (a) CASH EXERCISE. The Holder may deliver immediately
available funds; or

                  (b) CASHLESS EXERCISE. If an Exercise Notice is delivered at a
time when a registration statement permitting the Holder to resell the Warrant
Shares is not then effective or the prospectus forming a part thereof is not
then available to the Holder for the resale of the Warrant Shares, then the
Holder may notify the Company in an Exercise Notice of its election to utilize
cashless exercise, in which event the Company shall issue to the Holder the
number of Warrant Shares determined as follows:

                    X = Y [(A-B)/A]

              where:

                    X = the number of Warrant Shares to be issued to the Holder.

                    Y = the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this
                        Warrant is being exercised.

                    A = the average of the closing prices for the five Trading
                        Days immediately prior to (but not including) the
                        Exercise Date.

                    B = the Exercise Price.

For purposes of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, it is intended,
understood and acknowledged that the Warrant Shares issued in a cashless
exercise transaction shall be deemed to have been acquired by the Holder, and
the holding period for the Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have commenced, on
the date this Warrant was originally issued.

         11. LIMITATIONS ON EXERCISE.

                  (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
the number of Warrant Shares that may be acquired by the Holder upon any
exercise of this Warrant (or otherwise in respect hereof) shall be limited to
the extent necessary to insure that, following such exercise (or other
issuance), the total number of shares of Common Stock then beneficially owned by
such Holder and its Affiliates and any other Persons whose beneficial ownership
of Common Stock would be aggregated with the Holder's for purposes of Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act, does not exceed 4.999% of the total number of issued
and outstanding shares of Common Stock (including for such purpose the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such exercise). For such purposes, beneficial
ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. This provision shall
not restrict the number of shares of Common Stock which a Holder may receive or
beneficially own in order to determine the amount of securities or other
consideration that such Holder may receive in the event of a Fundamental
Transaction as contemplated in Section 9 of this Warrant. By written notice to
the Company, an Investor may waive the provisions of this Section 11(a) as to
itself but any such waiver will not be effective until the 61st day after
delivery thereof and such waiver shall have no effect on any other Investor.

                                       6
<PAGE>

                  (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
the number of Warrant Shares that may be acquired by the Holder upon any
exercise of this Warrant (or otherwise in respect hereof) shall be limited to
the extent necessary to insure that, following such exercise (or other
issuance), the total number of shares of Common Stock then beneficially owned by
such Holder and its Affiliates and any other Persons whose beneficial ownership
of Common Stock would be aggregated with the Holder's for purposes of Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act, does not exceed 9.999% of the total number of issued
and outstanding shares of Common Stock (including for such purpose the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon such exercise). For such purposes, beneficial
ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. This provision shall
not restrict the number of shares of Common Stock which a Holder may receive or
beneficially own in order to determine the amount of securities or other
consideration that such Holder may receive in the event of a Fundamental
Transaction as contemplated in Section 9 of this Warrant. This restriction may
not be waived.

         12. NO FRACTIONAL SHARES. No fractional shares of Warrant Shares will
be issued in connection with any exercise of this Warrant. In lieu of any
fractional shares which would, otherwise be issuable, the Company shall pay cash
equal to the product of such fraction multiplied by the closing price of one
Warrant Share as reported by the applicable Trading Market on the date of
exercise.

         13. NOTICES. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
hereunder (including, without limitation, any Exercise Notice) shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date
of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at
the facsimile number specified in this Section prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on a Trading Day, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of
transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the
facsimile number specified in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or
later than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the Trading
Day following the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight
courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is
required to be given. The addresses for such communications shall be: (i) if to
the Company, to Markland Technologies, Inc., 54 Danbury Road, #207, Ridgefield,
CT 06877, Attn: Chief Financial Officer, or to facsimile No.: (203) 286-1608 (or
such other address as the Company shall indicate in writing in accordance with
this Section), or (ii) if to the Holder, to the address or facsimile number
appearing on the Warrant Register or such other address or facsimile number as
the Holder may provide to the Company in accordance with this Section.

         14. WARRANT AGENT. The Company shall serve as warrant agent under this
Warrant. Upon 10 days' notice to the Holder, the Company may appoint a new
warrant agent. Any corporation into which the Company or any new warrant agent
may be merged or any corporation resulting from any consolidation to which the
Company or any new warrant agent shall be a party or any corporation to which
the Company or any new warrant agent transfers substantially all of its
corporate trust or shareholders services business shall be a successor warrant
agent under this Warrant without any further act. Any such successor warrant
agent shall promptly cause notice of its succession as warrant agent to be
mailed (by first class mail, postage prepaid) to the Holder at the Holder's last
address as shown on the Warrant Register.

                                       7
<PAGE>

         15. MISCELLANEOUS.

                  (a) This Warrant shall be binding on and inure to the benefit
of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Subject to
the preceding sentence, nothing in this Warrant shall be construed to give to
any Person other than the Company and the Holder any legal or equitable right,
remedy or cause of action under this Warrant. This Warrant may be amended only
in writing signed by the Company and the Holder and their successors and
assigns.

                  (b) All questions concerning the construction, validity,
enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New
York (except for matters governed by corporate law in the State of Delaware),
without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees
that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of this Warrant and the transactions herein contemplated ("PROCEEDINGS")
(whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, employees
or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the New York Courts. Each party
hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York
Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby
irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any New York Court, or that
such Proceeding has been commenced in an improper or inconvenient forum. Each
party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents
to process being served in any such Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and
agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way
any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party hereto
hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or
relating to this Warrant or the transactions contemplated hereby. If either
party shall commence a Proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
then the prevailing party in such Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other
party for its attorney's fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Proceeding.

                  (c) The headings herein are for convenience only, do not
constitute a part of this Warrant and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.


                                       8
<PAGE>

                  (d) In case any one or more of the provisions of this Warrant
shall be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and
enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Warrant shall not
in any way be affected or impaired thereby and the parties will attempt in good
faith to agree upon a valid and enforceable provision which shall be a
commercially reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so agreeing, shall
incorporate such substitute provision in this Warrant.

                  (e) Prior to exercise of this Warrant, the Holder hereof shall
not, by reason of being a Holder, be entitled to any rights of a stockholder
with respect to the Warrant Shares.

                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK,
                             SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]


                                       9
<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly
executed by its authorized officer as of the date first indicated above.


                                        MARKLAND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.



                                        By:
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Name:
                                            Title:



                                       10
<PAGE>


                                 EXERCISE NOTICE
                           MARKLAND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                             WARRANT DATED [ ], 2005




The undersigned Holder hereby irrevocably elects to purchase _____________
shares of Common Stock pursuant to the above referenced Warrant. Capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the respective meanings set
forth in the Warrant.

(1) The undersigned Holder hereby exercises its right to purchase
_________________ Warrant Shares pursuant to the Warrant.

(2) The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as
(check one):

                    ____"Cash Exercise" under Section 10

                    ____"Cashless Exercise" under Section 10

(3) If the holder has elected a Cash Exercise, the holder shall pay the sum of
$____________ to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

(4) Pursuant to this Exercise Notice, the Company shall deliver to the holder
_______________ Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

(5) By its delivery of this Exercise Notice, the undersigned represents and
warrants to the Company that in giving effect to the exercise evidenced hereby
the Holder will not beneficially own in excess of the number of shares of Common
Stock (determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934) permitted to be owned under Section 11 of this Warrant to which
this notice relates.



Dated: _____________, ____              Name of Holder:


                                        (Print)_________________________________

                                        By:_____________________________________
                                        Name:___________________________________
                                        Title:__________________________________

                                        (Signature must conform in all respects
                                        to name of holder as specified on the
                                        face of the Warrant)




                                       11

<PAGE>


                           WARRANT SHARES EXERCISE LOG




Date           Number of Warrant  Number of Warrant  Number of Warrant
               Shares Available   Shares Exercised   Shares Remaining
               to be Exercised                       to be Exercised
- -------------  -----------------  -----------------  -----------------











- -------------  -----------------  -----------------  -----------------





                                       12

<PAGE>


                           MARKLAND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                       WARRANT ORIGINALLY ISSUED [ ], 2005
                                 WARRANT NO. [ ]


                               FORM OF ASSIGNMENT


         [To be completed and signed only upon transfer of Warrant]

         FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers
unto ________________________________ the right represented by the
above-captioned Warrant to purchase ____________ shares of Common Stock to which
such Warrant relates and appoints ________________ attorney to transfer said
right on the books of the Company with full power of substitution in the
premises.

Dated: ____________, ____


                                        ________________________________________
                                        (Signature must conform in all respects
                                        to name of holder as specified on the
                                        face of the Warrant)



                                        ________________________________________
                                        Address of Transferee



                                        ________________________________________

                                        ________________________________________


In the presence of:

__________________________





                                       13

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>markland_8kex99-4.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 99.4


                         AMENDMENT TO WARRANT NO. CS-83

         THIS AMENDMENT, dated December 29, 2004 (this "AMENDMENT"), to Warrant
No. CS-83, issued on September 22, 2004 by Markland Technologies, Inc., a
Florida corporation (the "COMPANY") to Greenfield Capital Partners LLC (the
"WARRANT HOLDER") for the purchase of up to 750,000 shares of the common stock,
$.0001 par value per share, of the Company (the "WARRANT");

         WHEREAS, the Company and the Warrant Holder desire to temporarily
reduce the exercise price of the Warrants to $0.60 per share and that ensure
that all of the Warrants are exercised;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in
this Amendment, for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound
hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

         All capitalized terms used on this Amendment and not defined herein
shall have the meaning give such term the Warrant.

         The Warrant is hereby amended so that the Warrant Holder may exercise
all or any portion of its Warrant for an exercise price of $ 0.60 per share of
Common Stock from the date of this Amendment until midnight on January 31, 2005
(the "NEW PRICE EXERCISE PERIOD"); provided that (1) the Warrant Holder shall
exercise at least 400,000 of the Warrants on or before the close of business New
York City time on December 31, 2004 and 350,000 of the Warrants on or before
January 31,2005 (2) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Warrant
shall not be adjusted as a result of the temporary reduction in exercise price
set forth in this Agreement.

         Furthermore, Section 2(b) of the Warrant shall be amended to read in
its entirety as follows:

         (b) Notwithstanding the provisions of this Warrant, except in the event
that this Warrant is redeemed pursuant to Section 7, in no event shall the
holder be entitled to exercise this Warrant, or shall the Company have the
obligation to issue shares upon such exercise of all or any portion of this
Warrant to the extent that, after such exercise the sum of (1) the number of
shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the holder and its affiliates
(other than Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the
ownership of the unexercised portion of the Warrants or other rights to purchase
Common Stock or through the ownership of the unconverted portion of convertible
securities), and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the
exercise of the Warrants with respect to which the determination of this proviso
is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the holder and its
affiliates of more than 9.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (after
taking into account the shares to be issued to the holder upon exercise). For
purposes of this proviso to the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial
ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 ACT") except as otherwise provided
in clause (1) of such sentence.

         Except as expressly provided in this Amendment, the terms and
conditions of the Warrant shall be unchanged and shall remain on full force and
effect.



<PAGE>




         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused their Amendment to
be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the date first
above written.

                                        MARKLAND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.



                                        By: /s/ Robert Tarini
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Name: Robert Tarini
                                            Title: President


Greenfield Capital Partners LLC


By:______________________
Name:____________________
Title:___________________



                                      -2-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>markland_8kex99-5.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 99.5


                         AMENDMENT TO WARRANT NO. CS-89

         THIS AMENDMENT, dated December 29, 2004 (this "AMENDMENT"), to Warrant
No. CS-89, issued on November 9, 2004 by Markland Technologies, Inc., a Florida
corporation (the "COMPANY") to Southridge Partners, LP (the "WARRANT HOLDER")
for the purchase of up to 568,750 shares of the common stock, $.0001 par value
per share, of the Company (the "WARRANT");

         WHEREAS, the Company and the Warrant Holder desire to temporarily
reduce the exercise price of the Warrants to $0.60 per share and that ensure
that all of the Warrants are exercised;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in
this Amendment, for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound
hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

         All capitalized terms used on this Amendment and not defined herein
shall have the meaning give such term the Warrant.

         The Warrant is hereby amended so that the Warrant Holder may exercise
all or any portion of its Warrant for an exercise price of $ 0.60 per share of
Common Stock from the date of this Amendment until midnight on December 31, 2004
(the "NEW PRICE EXERCISE PERIOD"); provided that (1) the Warrant Holder shall
exercise all of the Warrants on or before the close of business New York City
time on December 31, 2004 and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock subject
to the Warrant shall not be adjusted as a result of the temporary reduction in
exercise price set forth in this Agreement.

         Furthermore, Section 11(a) of the Warrant is hereby deleted in its
entirety.

         Except as expressly provided in this Amendment, the terms and
conditions of the Warrant shall be unchanged and shall remain on full force and
effect.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused their Amendment to
be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the date first
above written.

                                        MARKLAND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                        By: /s/ Robert Tarini
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Name: Robert Tarini
                                            Title: President

Southridge Partners, LP


By:_____________________
Name:___________________
Title:__________________


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
