
                                                                    Exhibit 10.1

                         EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

      AGREEMENT  made as of the 27th day of  December  2004,  by and between WMS
INDUSTRIES  INC.,  a  Delaware  corporation  (the  "Corporation"),  and BRIAN R.
GAMACHE ("Executive").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

      WHEREAS,  the  Corporation  and  Executive  are  parties to an  employment
agreement dated as of June 15, 2001 (the "Old Employment Agreement"); and

      WHEREAS,  the  Corporation  and  Executive  desire  to  terminate  the Old
Employment  Agreement and enter into a new employment agreement on the terms and
subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth.

      NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the mutual  covenants  hereinafter
contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

      1. Termination of Old Employment  Agreement.  The Old Employment Agreement
is hereby terminated and of no further force and effect.

      2.  Employment;  Duties.  The Corporation  hereby employs  Executive as an
executive  of the  Corporation  to  perform  services  as  President  and  Chief
Executive Officer and to perform such other supervisory, managerial or executive
duties  on  behalf  of the  Corporation  and its  subsidiaries  as the  Board of
Directors of the Corporation may from time to time determine. Executive has been
elected  as a director  of the  Corporation.  Executive  agrees to serve in such
capacity in accordance with the Corporation's by-laws.

<PAGE>

      3.  Acceptance and Loyalty.  Executive  hereby accepts such employment and
agrees that  throughout the period of his employment  hereunder,  he will devote
his full time, attention,  knowledge and skills,  faithfully,  diligently and to
the best of his ability,  in furtherance of the business of the  Corporation and
will perform the duties assigned to him pursuant to Section 2 hereof.  Executive
shall  perform  all  duties  and   responsibilities  in  a  professional  manner
consistent  with the skill,  competence and efficiency  expected of an executive
employee  performing  the  duties  assigned  to  Executive  and  subject  to the
direction  and control of the Board of Directors of the  Corporation.  Executive
will do such traveling as may be reasonably  required of him in the  performance
of his  obligations  hereunder.  Executive  shall at all  times be  subject  to,
observe  and  carry  out  such  rules,  regulations,  policies,  directions  and
restrictions  as the  Corporation  may from time to time  establish.  During his
employment  hereunder,  Executive shall not, without the written approval of the
Board of Directors of the  Corporation  first had and obtained in each instance,
directly  or  indirectly,  accept  employment  or  compensation  from or perform
services of any nature for, any business  enterprise  other than the Corporation
or any of its subsidiaries.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may render
without compensation  investment services to any immediate member of Executive's
family,  which shall  include the  Executive  and any trust or account  which is
comprised  entirely of assets held for the benefit of Executive and/or immediate
members of his family. During Executive's employment hereunder,  Executive shall
not be entitled to additional compensation for serving in any office,  including
as a director,  of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries to which he may be
elected.  Executive  represents and warrants that, to his best knowledge,  there
are no  contractual,  licensing  or  other  impediments  to the  performance  of
Executive's services hereunder.

      4. Term. The term of Executive's  employment  hereunder  shall commence on
the date hereof (the  "Commencement  Date") and shall  terminate on December 31,
2007 (the  "Original  Term");  provided,  however,  that the term of Executive's
employment  shall be deemed  automatically  extended from time to time such that
the  term of such  employment  shall  at no time be less  than  two  years  (the
"Extended Term"); and provided further,  that Executive's services hereunder may
be terminated (i) by either party effective upon expiration of the Original Term
or the Extended Term upon written notice from the terminating party to the other
party dated and received at least two years prior to the respective  termination


                                       2
<PAGE>

date, or (ii) by the Corporation  effective on the Disability  Effective Date as
defined  in  Section   13.2  if such  termination  is by  reason  of  "permanent
disability"  as defined in Section 13.2 or effective on the Date of  Termination
as defined in Section   13.6 if such  termination  is for  "cause" as defined in
Section   13.3,  or (iii) by Executive  effective on the Date of  Termination as
defined in Section 13.6 if such  termination  is for "good reason" as defined in
Section    13.4.   The  Original  Term  and  the  Extended  Term  are  hereafter
collectively  referred  to as the  "Term"  and  each  full  year of the  Term is
hereafter  referred to as an "Employment  Year." The payments to which Executive
shall be entitled under this Agreement upon termination of Executive's  services
for any reason shall be governed by the provisions of Section 13.

      5. Compensation and Benefits.

            5.1 Base  Salary.  The  Corporation  shall pay to  Executive  a base
salary ("Base Salary") at the rate of seven hundred thousand dollars  ($700,000)
per annum  for each  Employment  Year,  or such  greater  amount as the Board of
Directors  of the  Corporation  shall from time to time  determine.  Base salary
shall be payable in equal  installments  in  accordance  with the  Corporation's
normal payroll policy and will be reviewed by the Compensation  Committee of the
Board of Directors of the Corporation  (the  "Compensation  Committee") at least
once each Employment Year.


                                       3
<PAGE>

            5.2 Annual Bonus. Commencing with the fiscal year of the Corporation
beginning  July 1, 2004,  and for each fiscal year  thereafter  during the Term,
Executive shall have the  opportunity to earn a bonus ("Annual  Bonus") of up to
280% of his base salary pursuant to an annual performance based bonus program to
be established by the Compensation  Committee after good faith consultation with
Executive.  The  determination  as to the amounts of Annual  Bonus  available to
Executive  under this  program and the  performance  criteria  shall be reviewed
periodically by the Compensation  Committee with a view to adjusting the amounts
and criteria in accordance with such factors as the  Compensation  Committee may
deem   appropriate,   including  the  competitive   marketplace  for  comparable
executives.

            5.3 Long Term Incentive Program.  Commencing with the fiscal year of
the  Corporation  beginning  July 1, 2004,  and for each fiscal year  thereafter
during  the Term,  Executive  shall have the  opportunity  to  participate  in a
long-term   performance  based  incentive  program  to  be  established  by  the
Compensation  Committee  after  good  faith  consultation  with  Executive.  The
determination as to the amounts of long-term incentive compensation available to
Executive  under this  program and the  performance  criteria  shall be reviewed
periodically by the Compensation  Committee with a view to adjusting the amounts
and criteria in accordance with such factors as the  Compensation  Committee may
deem   appropriate,   including  the  competitive   marketplace  for  comparable
executives.

            5.4  Health   Insurance,   Etc.   Executive  shall  be  entitled  to
participate,  to the  extent he is  eligible  under  the  terms  and  conditions
thereof,  in any disability,  hospitalization,  insurance,  medical service,  or
other  health-related  employee  benefit  plan which is  generally  available to
executive  employees of the  Corporation and which may be in effect from time to
time  during the Term,  including  the  Exec-U-Care  insurance  program.  If the
Corporation  changes  the terms of any health  insurance  policies  which  cover
Executive or members of his family,  the Corporation will use reasonable efforts
to provide for such  changed  policies to cover any  pre-existing  condition  of
Executive or such covered members of his family at the time of such change.  The
Corporation  shall be under no obligation to institute or continue the existence
of any such generally available employee benefit plan.


                                       4
<PAGE>

      6. Business Expenses;  Corporate Aircraft. The Corporation shall reimburse
Executive for all authorized  expenses  reasonably incurred by him in accordance
with the  Corporation's  travel and  entertainment  policies and  procedures  in
effect  during the Term.  Executive  shall be entitled to fly first class on the
Corporation's  business.  So long as the Corporation retains its rights to use a
corporate  aircraft,  Executive  will have the right to  reasonable  use of that
aircraft for corporate purposes.  Executive agrees to use the corporate aircraft
for  both  business  and  personal  purposes  if the  Chairman  of the  Board of
Directors of the Corporation  determines  Executive  should do so by reason of a
bona fide business-oriented security concern.

      7. Paid Time Off.  Executive shall be entitled to 27 days of paid time off
per Employment  Year.  Paid time off shall not be accumulated  from year to year
except as permitted  under the  Corporation's  policies  applicable to executive
employees generally.

      8. Key Man Life  Insurance.  The  Corporation  may  purchase  and maintain
insurance  covering the life of  Executive  ("Key-man  Insurance")  in an amount
determined  by the  Corporation.  The  Corporation  shall be the sole  owner and
beneficiary  of the Key-man  Insurance  and may apply to the payment of premiums
thereunder  any  dividends  declared and paid  thereon.  Executive  shall submit
himself  from  time to  time  to such  physical  examinations  as the  Board  of
Directors of the  Corporation may deem necessary or desirable in connection with
the purchase and maintenance of the Key-man Insurance.


                                       5
<PAGE>

      9. Non-Competition and Non-Raiding.  In consideration of the Corporation's
entering into this Agreement:

            9.1 Non-Competition.  Executive agrees that during a period from the
Commencement   Date  until  two  years  after  the  termination  of  Executive's
employment hereunder for any reason he will not, directly or indirectly, without
the prior  written  consent of the  Corporation,  own,  manage,  operate,  join,
control,  participate  in, perform any services for,  invest in, or otherwise be
connected  with,  in any  manner,  whether as an  officer,  director,  employee,
consultant, partner, investor or otherwise, any business entity which is engaged
in the design, importation, manufacture and/or sale of electronic gaming devices
or any  business  entity  which is  engaged in any other  business  in which the
Corporation  or any  subsidiary of the  Corporation is engaged at the end of the
Term  or at the  time  of  termination  of  Executive's  employment  or,  to the
knowledge  of  Executive,  is planning to be engaged  within one year after such
termination. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to prohibit Executive from
investing his funds in securities of a company if the securities of such company
are  listed  for  trading  on  a  national  stock  exchange  or  traded  in  the
over-the-counter  market and Executive's  holdings  therein  represent less than
five  percent  of the  total  number  of  shares  or  principal  amount of other
securities of such company outstanding.

            9.2  Non-Raiding.  Executive  agrees  that  during a period from the
Commencement  Date until the greater of (i) two years after the  termination  of
Executive's  employment hereunder for any reason, or (ii) such period of time as
Executive is receiving  retirement  benefits  pursuant to Section 14 hereof,  he
will not,  directly  or  indirectly,  without the prior  written  consent of the
Corporation, induce or influence, or seek to induce or influence, any person who
is  engaged  by the  Corporation  or any  subsidiary  of the  Corporation  as an
employee,   agent,   independent  contractor  or  otherwise,  to  terminate  his
employment or engagement,  nor shall Executive  directly or indirectly,  through
any  other  person,  firm or  corporation,  employ or  engage,  or  solicit  for
employment or  engagement,  or advise or recommend to any other person or entity
that such  person or entity  employ or  engage  or  solicit  for  employment  or
engagement,  any person or entity  employed or engaged by the Corporation or any
subsidiary of the Corporation.


                                       6
<PAGE>

            9.3 Modification. Executive acknowledges that the provisions of this
Section 9 are reasonable and necessary for the protection of the Corporation. In
the event that any provision of this Section 9,  including any sentence,  clause
or part hereof,  shall be deemed contrary to law or invalid or  unenforceable in
any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining provisions shall
not be affected,  but shall,  subject to the discretion of such court, remain in
full force and effect and any  invalid  and  unenforceable  provisions  shall be
deemed,  without  further  action on the part of the parties  hereto,  modified,
amended  and  limited  to the  extent  necessary  to render  the same  valid and
enforceable.

      10. Confidentiality Agreement.

            10.1 As used herein, the term "Confidential  Information" shall mean
any and all information of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries (for purposes
of this  paragraph,  the  Corporation's  subsidiaries  shall be deemed  included
within the meaning of "Corporation"),  including,  but not limited to, all data,
compilations, programs, devices, strategies, or methods concerning or related to
(i) the  Corporation's  finances,  financial  condition,  results of operations,
employee  relations,  amounts of compensation paid to officers and employees and
any  other  data  or  information  relating  to  the  internal  affairs  of  the
Corporation and its operations; (ii) the terms and conditions (including prices)
of sales and offers of sales of the Corporation's  products and services;  (iii)
the terms,  conditions  and current status of the  Corporation's  agreements and
relationship with any customer or supplier; (iv) the customer and supplier lists
and the identities  and business  preferences  of the  Corporation's  actual and
prospective  customers  and suppliers or any employee or agent thereof with whom
the Corporation communicates; (v) the trade secrets, manufacturing and operating
techniques,  price data, costs, methods,  systems, plans, procedures,  formulas,
processes, hardware, software, machines, inventions, designs, drawings, artwork,
blueprints, specifications, tools, skills, ideas, and strategic plans possessed,
developed,  accumulated or acquired by the Corporation;  (vi) any communications
between the Corporation, its officers,  directors,  stockholders,  or employees,
and any attorney  retained by the  Corporation  for any  purpose,  or any person
retained or employed by such attorney for the purpose of assisting such attorney
in his or her representation of the Corporation; (vii) any other information and
knowledge with respect to all products  developed or in any stage of development
by the Corporation;  (viii) the abilities and specialized training or experience
of others who as employees or  consultants  of the  Corporation  during the Term
have engaged in the design or  development  of any such  products;  and (ix) any
other matter or thing,  whether or not recorded on any medium,  (a) by which the
Corporation derives actual or potential economic value from such matter or thing
being not generally known to other persons or entities who might obtain economic
value  from its  disclosure  or use,  or (b)  which  gives  the  Corporation  an
opportunity to obtain an advantage over its  competitors  who do not know or use
the same.


                                       7
<PAGE>

            10.2  Executive  acknowledges  and agrees  that the  Corporation  is
engaged in highly  competitive  businesses  and has  expended,  or will  expend,
significant sums of money and has invested, or will invest, a substantial amount
of time to develop and maintain the secrecy of the Confidential Information. The
Corporation has thus obtained,  or will obtain, a valuable  economic asset which
has  enabled,  or will  enable,  it to develop an  extensive  reputation  and to
establish long-term business relationships with its suppliers and customers.  If
such Confidential Information were disclosed to another person or entity or used
for the benefit of anyone  other than the  Corporation,  the  Corporation  would
suffer irreparable harm, loss and damage.  Accordingly,  Executive  acknowledges
and agrees that,  unless the  Confidential  Information  becomes  publicly known
through legitimate origins not involving an act or omission by Executive:

            (1) the  Confidential  Information is, and all times hereafter shall
      remain, the sole property of the Corporation;

            (2) Executive shall use his best efforts and the utmost diligence to
      guard and protect the  Confidential  Information  from  disclosure  to any
      competitor,  customer or supplier of the  Corporation or any other person,
      firm, corporation or other entity;

            (3) unless the  Corporation  gives  Executive  prior express written
      permission, during his employment and thereafter,  Executive shall not use
      for his own benefit, or divulge to any competitor or customer or any other
      person,  firm,  corporation,  or  other  entity,  any of the  Confidential
      Information  which  Executive  may  obtain,  learn  about,  develop  or be
      entrusted with as a result of Executive's  employment by the  Corporation;
      and

            (4) except in the  ordinary  course of the  Corporation's  business,
      Executive shall not seek or accept any  Confidential  Information from any
      former, present or future employee of the Corporation.


                                       8
<PAGE>

            10.3 Executive also acknowledges and agrees that all documentary and
tangible   Confidential   Information   including,   without  limitation,   such
Confidential  Information  as Executive has committed to memory,  is supplied or
made  available  by the  Corporation  to the  Executive  solely to assist him in
performing  his services  under this  Agreement.  Executive  further agrees that
after his employment with the Corporation is terminated for any reason:

            (1) Executive  shall not remove from the property of the Corporation
      and  shall  immediately  return to the  Corporation,  all  documentary  or
      tangible Confidential  Information in his possession,  custody, or control
      and not make or keep any copies,  notes,  abstracts,  summaries,  tapes or
      other record of any type of Confidential Information; and

            (2) Executive  shall  immediately  return to the Corporation any and
      all other  property  of the  Corporation  in his  possession,  custody  or
      control, including,  without limitation, any and all keys, security cards,
      passes, credit cards and marketing literature.

            10.4 In the event that  Executive  is requested or required (by oral
questions,  interrogatories,  requests  for  information  or  documents in legal
proceedings,  subpoena,  civil investigative demand or other similar process) to
disclose  any of the  Confidential  Information,  Executive  shall  provide  the
Corporation  with prompt  written  notice of any such request or  requirement so
that,  if  practical,  the  Corporation  may  seek a  protective  order or other
appropriate   remedy  and/or  waive  compliance  with  the  provisions  of  this
Agreement.  If, in the  absence  of a  protective  order or other  remedy or the
receipt of a waiver, Executive receives advice of counsel that he is nonetheless
legally compelled to disclose  Confidential  Information to any tribunal or else
stand  liable for contempt or suffer other  censure or penalty,  Executive  may,
without liability hereunder,  disclose to such tribunal only that portion of the
Confidential  Information  which such counsel advises is legally  required to be
disclosed,  provided that Executive exercises his reasonable efforts to preserve
the  confidentiality  of  the  disclosed  Confidential  Information,  including,
without limitation, by cooperating with the Corporation to obtain an appropriate
protective order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be
accorded the disclosed Confidential Information by such tribunal.


                                       9
<PAGE>

      11. Invention Disclosure. Any invention,  improvement, design, development
or discovery  conceived,  developed,  created or made by Executive alone or with
others,  during the period of his  employment  hereunder  and  applicable to the
business of the  Corporation or its  subsidiaries,  whether or not patentable or
registrable,  shall become the sole and exclusive  property of the  Corporation.
Executive  hereby  assigns  to  the  Corporation,  all  of  his  rights  to  any
"intellectual  material"  created or  developed  by him during the course of his
employment. As used herein, "intellectual material" shall include, but shall not
be limited to, ideas, titles, themes, production ideas, methods of presentation,
artistic renderings, sketches, plots, music, lyrics, dialogue, phrases, slogans,
catch  words,  characters,  names and  similar  literary,  dramatic  and musical
material,  trade  names,  trademarks  and  service  marks and all  copyrightable
expressions in audio visual works,  computer software,  electronic circuitry and
all  mask  works  for  integrated   circuits.   Executive   shall  disclose  the
intellectual  material  promptly and  completely to the  Corporation  and shall,
during the period of his  employment  hereunder and at any time and from time to
time  hereafter  (a) execute all  documents  requested  by the  Corporation  for
vesting in the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries the entire,  right,  title
and  interest in and to the same,  (b) execute all  documents  requested  by the
Corporation for filing and prosecuting such applications for patents, trademarks
and/or  copyrights as the  Corporation,  in its sole  discretion,  may desire to
prosecute,  and (c) give the Corporation all assistance it reasonably  requires,
including the giving of testimony in any suit, action or proceeding, in order to
obtain, maintain and protect the Corporation's right therein and thereto. If any
such assistance is required  following the  termination of this  Agreement,  the
Corporation shall reimburse  Executive for his time and the reasonable  expenses
incurred  by him in  rendering  such  assistance.  Anything  contained  in  this
paragraph  to the  contrary  notwithstanding,  this Section does not apply to an
invention  for  which  no  equipment,  supplies,  facilities,  or  trade  secret
information  of the  Corporation  or its  subsidiaries  was used and  which  was
developed  entirely  on the  Executive's  own  time,  unless  (d) the  invention
relates: (i) to the business of the Corporation or its subsidiaries,  or (ii) to
the Corporation's or any of its subsidiaries actual or demonstrably  anticipated
research or development, or (e) the invention results from any work performed by
the Executive for the Corporation or its subsidiaries.


                                       10
<PAGE>

      12. Remedies.  Executive  acknowledges and agrees that the business of the
Corporation  is highly  competitive  and that  violation of any of the covenants
provided for in Paragraphs 9, 10 and 11 of this Agreement would cause immediate,
immeasurable  and  irreparable  harm,  loss and  damage to the  Corporation  not
adequately  compensable  by a monetary  award.  Accordingly,  Executive  agrees,
without limiting any of the other remedies  available to the  Corporation,  that
any  violation  of  said  covenants,  or any one of  them,  may be  enjoined  or
restrained  by any  court of  competent  jurisdiction,  and  that any  temporary
restraining  order or emergency,  preliminary or final injunctions may be issued
by any court of competent jurisdiction,  without notice and without bond. In the
event any proceedings are commenced by the Corporation against Executive for any
actual or threatened violation of any of said covenants the non-prevailing party
in such  litigation  shall be liable to the prevailing  party for, and shall pay
all costs and expenses of any kind, including reasonable  attorneys' fees, which
the prevailing party may incur in connection with such proceedings.

      13. Termination of Employment.

            13.1 Death.  Executive's  employment  shall terminate  automatically
upon the death of Executive.

            13.2  Disability.  If the Corporation  determines in good faith that
the permanent  disability of Executive has occurred during the Term (pursuant to
the  definition  of  "permanent  disability"  set forth  below),  it may give to
Executive  written  notice in  accordance  with Section 19 of its  intention to
terminate Executive's employment. In such event, Executive's employment with the
Corporation  shall  terminate  effective  on the 30th day after  receipt of such
notice by Executive (the "Disability Effective Date"), provided that, within the
30 days after such  receipt,  Executive  shall not have  returned  to  full-time
performance of Executive's  duties.  For purposes of this Agreement,  "permanent
disability" shall mean the absence of Executive from Executive's duties with the
Corporation on a full-time  basis for 90  consecutive  business days, or for six
months in any 12-month  period during the Term, as a result of incapacity due to
mental or physical  illness  which is  determined to be total and permanent by a
physician  selected  by  the  Corporation  or its  insurers  and  acceptable  to
Executive or Executive's legal representative.

            13.3 Cause.  The  Corporation may terminate  Executive's  employment
during the Term for "cause." For purposes of this  Agreement,  "cause" means (i)
conviction  (pursuant to a final or non-appealable  judgment) of a felony or any
other crime involving fraud, larceny or dishonesty;  (ii) failure and refusal to
follow a reasonable direction of the Board of Directors of the Corporation after
notice in writing  of such  failure  or  refusal  and a cure  period of ten days
thereafter;  (iii) commission of any dishonest, willful or grossly negligent act
which has or is  reasonably  likely  to have a  material  adverse  effect on the
Corporation or its customer or trade  relationships;  or (iv) failure or refusal
to  provide  accurate  and  reasonably  complete  information  with  respect  to
Executive's  personal  history to the  Corporation or to  governmental  agencies
regulating  the business of the  Corporation,  failure or refusal to  reasonably
cooperate  with  such  regulators  or  failure  to obtain  necessary  regulatory
licensing   approvals  or  clearances   because  of  intentionally   inaccurate,
intentionally  incomplete or falsified information provided by Executive.  It is
understood  that poor  financial  performance  of the  Corporation  shall not in
itself constitute grounds for the termination of Executive for "cause."


                                       11
<PAGE>

            13.4  Good  Reason.  Executive's  employment  may be  terminated  by
Executive for "good reason." For purposes of this Agreement, "good reason" shall
mean (i) a material breach by the Corporation of any material  provision of this
Agreement,  including  Sections  5.2 and 5.3  hereof,  after the  Executive  has
provided the  Corporation  with notice  thereof and a reasonable  opportunity to
cure such breach,  (ii)  Executive  is placed in any position of lesser  stature
than that of President  and Chief  Executive  Officer of the  Corporation  or is
assigned  duties  inconsistent  with such position,  or is required to report to
anyone  other  than  the  Board  of  Directors  of the  Corporation;  (iii)  the
Corporation  reduces the amount of  compensation  to which Executive is entitled
under  the  terms of this  Agreement;  (iv)  Executive  is  removed  from or not
re-elected to the Board of Directors of the Corporation;  or (v) the Corporation
moves  its  headquarters  to a  location  other  than 800 S.  Northpoint  Blvd.,
Waukegan,  Illinois without  Executive's  consent so that such  headquarters are
located more than 40 miles farther from  Executive's  current place of residence
than the Corporation's headquarters are presently located.

            13.5 Notice of  Termination.  Any termination by the Corporation for
"cause",  or by Executive for "good reason",  shall be communicated by Notice of
Termination  to the other party hereto given in  accordance  with Section 19 of
this Agreement.  For purposes of this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" means
a written notice which (i) indicates the specific termination  provision in this
Agreement relied upon, (ii) to the extent  applicable,  sets forth in reasonable
detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of
Executive's employment under the provision so indicated and (iii) if the Date of
Termination (as defined below) is other than the date of receipt of such notice,
specifies  the  termination  date (which date shall be not more than thirty days
after the giving of such notice). The failure by Executive or the Corporation to
set  forth  in  the  Notice  of  Termination  any  fact  or  circumstance  which
contributes  to a showing of "good  reason" or "cause" shall not waive any right
of Executive or the Corporation,  respectively,  hereunder or preclude Executive
or the  Corporation,  respectively,  from asserting such fact or circumstance in
enforcing Executive's or the Corporation's rights hereunder.


                                       12
<PAGE>

            13.6  Date  of  Termination.  "Date  of  Termination"  means  (i) if
Executive's  employment  is  terminated by the  Corporation  for "cause",  or by
Executive for "good reason", the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination or
any  later  date  specified  therein,  as the case may be,  (ii) if  Executive's
employment  is  terminated  by  the  Corporation   other  than  for  "cause"  or
"disability",  except as set forth in Section  13.7(c),  the Date of Termination
shall  be  the  date  on  which  the  Corporation  notifies  Executive  of  such
termination and (iii) if Executive's employment is terminated by reason of death
or "disability", the Date of Termination shall be the date of death of Executive
or the Disability Effective Date, as the case may be.

            13.7 Payments as a Result of  Termination.  (a) If, during the Term,
the Corporation shall terminate  Executive's  employment other than for "cause",
death or "permanent  disability",  or Executive shall  terminate  employment for
"good reason", the Corporation shall pay to Executive

            (i) within 30 days  after the Date of  Termination  (A)  Executive's
      annual  Base  Salary  payable  under  Section   5.1  through  the  Date of
      Termination  to the extent not  theretofore  paid,  and any bonus that had
      become  payable to Executive  with respect to a fiscal year ended prior to
      the Date of Termination to the extent not  theretofore  paid (the "Accrued
      Obligations"),  (B) an amount equal to three times Executive's Annual Base
      Salary;  and (C) an amount equal to three times One Year's  Annual  Bonus.
      "One Year's  Annual  Bonus" means the average  annual cash bonus earned by
      Executive  during  the  two  full  fiscal  years  preceding  the  Date  of
      Termination; and

            (ii) within 30 days after the  Corporation  publicly  announces  its
      audited  results  for the  fiscal  year in which  the Date of  Termination
      occurs,  the product of (x) the Annual Bonus payable under Section 5.2 for
      the  fiscal  year in  which  the  Date  of  Termination  occurs  and (y) a
      fraction,  the numerator of which is the number of days in the  applicable
      fiscal year through the Date of Termination,  and the denominator of which
      is 365, less any payments  theretofore made to Executive in respect of the
      Annual Bonus; and


                                       13
<PAGE>

            (iii) such amounts as are provided in Section 14.

                  (b) If Executive's  employment shall be terminated for "cause"
            or the Executive terminates  employment without "good reason" during
            the  Term,   Executive's   employment  under  this  Agreement  shall
            terminate   without  further   obligations  by  the  Corporation  to
            Executive  other than the obligation to pay to Executive the Accrued
            Obligations and such amounts as are provided in Section 14.

                  (c) If Executive's  employment terminates at the expiration of
            the  Original  Term or the Extended  Term,  or by reason of death or
            permanent  disability,  Executive's  employment under this Agreement
            shall  terminate  without  further  obligation of the Corporation to
            Executive   other  than  (i)  the  obligation  to  pay  the  Accrued
            Obligations,  (ii) such  amounts as are  provided in Section 14, and
            (iii) if such  termination is by reason of death,  Executive's  Base
            Salary shall continue to be paid to his designated beneficiaries for
            a period of six months after the date of death.

                  (d) In  addition  to any other  available  legal  rights,  the
            Corporation shall have the right to withhold payment to Executive of
            any  amounts  otherwise  payable  under  this  Agreement  if, in the
            reasonable   determination   of  the  Board  of   Directors  of  the
            Corporation,  Executive  has  committed  a felony  or  engaged  in a
            dishonest  or  fraudulent   act  if  such  felony  or  dishonest  or
            fraudulent  act  has or is  reasonably  likely  to  have a  material
            adverse affect on the Corporation, its customers, trade relations or
            its gaming licenses.

      14.  Retirement.  The Corporation will pay to Executive during the Payment
Period (as defined below), an annual retirement  benefit equal to one-half (1/2)
of the annual base salary  payable to  Executive as of the  Retirement  Date (as
defined below), but no less than Three Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($350,000)
per annum and not more than Five Hundred Thousand Dollars  ($500,000) per annum.
The  annual  retirement  benefit  shall  be paid in equal  monthly  installments
beginning on the first day of the first month following  Executive's  Retirement
Date and on the first day of each month thereafter.  In the event that Executive
shall die after his Retirement Date, but before the retirement benefits provided
for herein shall be fully paid, the balance thereof shall  thereafter be payable
in monthly installments to his estate.  "Retirement Date" shall mean the date of
termination of Employee's employment under this Agreement,  for whatever reason.
The  "Payment  Period"  means the period  beginning on the  Retirement  Date and
ending on the  expiration  of the lesser of (a) ten years,  or (b) the number of
years or fractions  thereof  after March 21, 2000 that  Executive is employed by
the Corporation.


                                       14
<PAGE>

      15. Change of Control

            15.1 If at any time during the Term, (a)  individuals  who presently
constitute  the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Corporation,  or who  have  been
recommended  for  election  to the  Board by at least  two-thirds  of the  Board
consisting  of  individuals  who are either  presently  on the Board or are such
recommended  successors,  cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority
of such  Board or (b) both of the  following  occur (i) any  person or entity or
group of  affiliated  persons or entities who are not the owners of at least 15%
of the  outstanding  shares of voting  securities of the Corporation on the date
hereof  acquire  more than 25% of the  outstanding  shares of the  Corporation's
voting securities,  and (ii) Executive remains employed by the Corporation for a
period of 180 days after the occurrence of the  acquisition  described in clause
(b)(i),  (the  events in  clause  (a) or (b) being  hereafter  referred  to as a
"Change of Control")  and  Executive  gives  written  notice to the  Corporation
within  30 days  after  conclusion  of the 180 day  period  described  in clause
(b)(ii) of his election to terminate his employment  hereunder,  the Corporation
shall pay to Executive within 15 days after Executive's delivery of such notice,
as severance pay and liquidated damages, in lieu of any other rights or remedies
which might  otherwise  be available  to him under this  Agreement,  and without
mitigation of any kind or amount,  whether or not Executive shall seek or accept
other  employment,  a lump sum payment equal in amount to (i) the sum of (A) the
annual Base Salary  payable to Executive  under Section 5.1; and (B) One Year's
Annual Bonus as defined in Section   13.7(a)(i);  (ii)  multiplied by three.  In
addition,  the amount of retirement benefits which would be payable to Executive
if he had retired on the date of such Change of Control shall be paid in full in
a lump sum. The health benefits provided for Executive by the Corporation on the
date of Change of Control shall continue to be provided for 18 months thereafter
at the  Corporation's  expense.  The payments provided for in this Section 15.1
shall be paid in full, without discount to present value.


                                       15
<PAGE>

            15.2 If it shall be determined that any amount payable under Section
15.1 by the  Corporation  to or for the benefit of Executive (a "Base  Payment")
would be subject to the excise tax (the "Excise Tax") imposed by Section 4999 of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), then Executive shall
be entitled to receive an  additional  payment  (the  "Gross-Up  Payment") in an
amount such that the net amount retained by Executive, after the calculation and
deduction  of any  Excise  Tax on the  Base  Payment  shall be equal to the Base
Payment,  less any federal,  state and local income taxes.  The Gross-Up Payment
shall be  reduced  by income  or Excise  Tax  withholding  payments  made by the
Corporation to any federal,  state or local taxing authority with respect to the
Gross-Up  Payment  that  was  not  deducted  from  compensation  payable  to the
Executive.  All  determinations  required to be made under this  Section   15.2,
including  whether and when a Gross-Up  Payment is required,  the amount of such
Gross-Up  Payment,  and the  assumptions  to be  utilized  in  arriving  at such
determination, except as specified above, shall be made by a national recognized
public  accounting firm selected by the  Corporation  (the  "Accounting  Firm"),
which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Corporation and
Executive  within  fifteen  business  days  after the  receipt  of  notice  from
Executive  that there should be a Gross-Up  Payment.  The  determination  of tax
liability made by the Accounting  Firm shall be subject to review by Executive's
tax  advisor,   and,  if  Executive's  tax  advisor  does  not  agree  with  the
determination  reached by the  Accounting  Firm,  then the  Accounting  Firm and
Executive's tax advisor shall jointly  designate another  nationally  recognized
public  accounting  firm,  which  shall  make  the  determination.  All fees and
expenses of the accountants  retained by the  Corporation or jointly  designated
and retained shall be borne by the Corporation.  Any  determination by a jointly
designated  public  accounting  firm shall be binding upon the  Corporation  and
Executive.

            15.3 In the event of (i)  Executive's  death;  (ii)  termination  of
Executive's  employment by reason of permanent disability as provided in Section
13.2; (iii) the termination of Executive's  employment by the Corporation  other
than  for  cause;  (iv)  the  termination  of  Executive's   employment  by  the
Corporation  by  Executive  for "good  reason";  (v)  Change of  Control  of the
Corporation as defined in Section 15.1, or (vi) any person or entity or group of
affiliated  persons  or  entities  who are not the owners of at least 15% of the
outstanding  shares of voting  securities of the Corporation on the date hereof,
acquiring more than 25% of the outstanding  shares of the  Corporation's  voting
securities  (each of the  events  referred  to in  clauses  (i) - (vi)  being an
"Accelerated  Vesting Event"),  all unexpired  options to purchase shares of the
Corporation's  Common  Stock and stock  equity  grants owned by Executive on the
date of the Accelerated Vesting Event shall, if unvested, vest fully on the date
of the Accelerated Vesting Event  notwithstanding any vesting provisions of such
options.   All  options  and  stock  equity  grants  hereafter  granted  by  the
Corporation shall provide for accelerated vesting pursuant to this Section 15.3.


                                       16
<PAGE>

      16.  Litigation  Cooperation.  At  all  times  during  and  subsequent  to
Executive's   employment  by  the  Corporation   Executive  shall  make  himself
available,  at the  expense  of the  Corporation,  to  testify  on behalf of the
Corporation  or  any  subsidiary  of the  corporation  in any  action,  suit  or
proceeding, whether civil, criminal,  administrative or investigative, and shall
assist the Corporation or any subsidiary in any such action,  suit or proceeding
by providing  information  and meeting and consulting with members of management
of, other  representatives  of or counsel to the Corporation or such subsidiary,
as reasonably requested.

      17. No  Disparagement.  At all times during and  subsequent to Executive's
employment by the Corporation,  Executive and the Corporation  agree not to make
statements or  communications,  directly or indirectly,  in writing,  orally, or
otherwise, or take any other action that may, directly or indirectly,  disparage
or be  damaging  to  the  Corporation  or  any of  its  subsidiaries,  or  their
respective officers, directors,  employers, advisors, business or reputation, or
to  Executive's  reputation,  except as  required  by law or  pursuant  to legal
process.

      18. Entire Agreement.  This Agreement  constitutes the entire agreement of
the parties hereto with respect to Executive's  employment  with the Corporation
and no amendment or modification hereof shall be valid or binding unless made in
writing and signed by the party against whom enforcement thereof is sought.

      19.  Notices.  Any  notice  required,  permitted  or  desired  to be given
pursuant to any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been
sufficiently  given or served for all purposes if delivered in person or sent by
telephone facsimile or sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, or sent
by responsible  overnight  delivery  service,  postage and fees prepaid,  to the
parties  hereto at their  respective  addresses  set forth below.  Either of the
parties hereto may at any time and from time to time change the address to which
notice  shall be sent  hereunder  by notice to the other  party given under this
Section   19.  The date of the giving of any notice  sent by mail shall be three
business  days  following  the date of the posting of the mail,  if delivered in
person, the date delivered in person, if sent by overnight delivery service, the
next business day following delivery to an overnight delivery service or if sent
by telephone facsimile, the date sent by telephone facsimile.

         If to the Corporation:

                  800 South Northpoint Boulevard
                  Waukegan, IL 60085
                  Facsimile:  (847) 785-3789
                  Attention:  General Counsel

         If to the Executive:

                  680 Leland Court
                  Lake Forest, IL 60045
                  Facsimile:  (847) 735-1689

      20. Withholding Taxes. All payments made to Executive under this Agreement
shall be subject to applicable payroll taxes and withholding requirements.

      21. No  Assignment.  Neither this  Agreement  nor the right to receive any
payments hereunder may be assigned by Executive. This Agreement shall be binding
upon  Executive,   his  heirs,   executors  and   administrators  and  upon  the
Corporation, its successors and assigns.

      22.  No  Waiver.  No course  of  dealing  nor any delay on the part of the
Corporation in exercising any rights  hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any
such  rights.  No waiver of any  default  or breach of this  Agreement  shall be
deemed a continuing waiver or a waiver of any other breach or default.

      23.  Governing  Law. This  Agreement  shall be governed,  interpreted  and
construed  in  accordance  with the  substantive  laws of the State of  Illinois
applicable to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely therein.

      24.  Severability.  If any  clause,  paragraph,  section  or  part of this
Agreement  shall be held or  declared to be void,  invalid or  illegal,  for any
reason,  by any  arbitrator or court of competent  jurisdiction,  such provision
shall be  ineffective  but shall not in any way  invalidate  or affect any other
clause,  paragraph,  section or part of this Agreement.  The parties intend that
all  clauses,  paragraphs,   sections  or  parts  of  this  Agreement  shall  be
enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.

      25.  Subsidiary.  As used in this  Agreement,  means any  person or entity
controlled directly or indirectly by the Corporation.

      26.  Counterparts.   This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  one  or  more
counterparts,  each of which counterparts, when taken together, shall constitute
but one and the same agreement.

      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed on the day and year first above written.

                                        WMS INDUSTRIES INC.

                                        By: /s/ Orrin J. Edidin
                                           -------------------------------------
                                            Name:  Orrin J. Edidin
                                            Title: Executive Vice President

                                           /s/ Brian R. Gamache
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           BRIAN R. GAMACHE


                                       17

