
                            ICTS INTERNATIONAL, N.V.

                           2005 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

         1. Purpose. The purpose of the plan is to provide incentives to
attract, retain and motivate eligible persons whose present and potential
contributions are important to the success of ICTS International, N.V. a
Netherlands corporation (the "Company"), its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, by
offering them an opportunity to participate in the Company's future performance
through awards of Options and Restricted Stock. Capitalized terms not defined in
the text are defined in Section 22.

         2. Shares Subject to the Plan; Per-Person Award Limitation.

                  2.1 Number of Shares Available. Subject to Sections 2.2 and
17, the total number of Shares reserved and available for grant and issuance
pursuant to the Plan shall be One million five hundred thousand (1,500,000)
Shares. Subject to Sections 2.2 and 17, Shares shall again be available for
grant and issuance in connection with future Awards under the Plan that (a) are
subject to issuance upon exercise of an Option but cease to be subject to such
Option for any reason other than exercise of such Option; (b) are subject to an
Award granted hereunder but are forfeited; or (c) are subject to an Award that
otherwise terminates without Shares being issued. Subject to Sections 2.2 and
19, in no event shall the aggregate number of Shares that may be issued pursuant
to incentive stock options exceed One million five hundred thousand (1,500,000)
Shares.

                  2.2 Adjustment of Shares. In the event that the number of
outstanding Shares is changed by a stock dividend, recapitalization, stock
split, reverse stock split, subdivision or similar change in the capital
structure of the Company without consideration, then (a) the number of Shares
reserved for issuance under the Plan; (b) the Exercise Prices of and number of
Shares subject to outstanding Options; and (c) the number of Shares subject to
other outstanding Awards shall be proportionately adjusted, subject to any
required action by the Board or the shareholders of the Company and compliance
with applicable securities laws.

                  2.3 Individual Award Limitation. Notwithstanding any other
provision in this Plan, and in addition to any requirements of this Plan, the
maximum number of Shares granted hereunder to any one Participant may not exceed
550,000 of the total Shares subject to the Plan (subject to adjustments as
provided in Sections 2.2 and 17 hereof).


                                        1

<PAGE>





         3.       Eligibility.

                  3.1 General. ISOs (as defined in Section 5 below) may be
granted only to employees (including officers and directors who are employees)
of the Company or of a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. All other Awards may
be granted to employees, officers, directors who are not employees, consultants
and advisors of the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate of the
Company, provided such consultants and advisors render bona fide services not in
connection with the offer and sale of securities in a capital-raising
transaction. A person may be granted more than one Award under the Plan.

         4.       Administration.

                  4.1 Compensation Committee. The Plan shall be administered by
a committee ("Committee") appointed by the Company's Compensation Committee
(said Compensation Committee itself being first appointed by the Company's
Board). The membership of the Committee shall be constituted so as to comply at
all times with the then applicable requirements for "outside directors" of Rule
16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act and Section 162(m) of the Code. Any
determination made by the Committee with respect to any Award shall be made in
its sole discretion at the time of grant of the Award or, unless in
contravention of any express term of the Plan or Award, at any later time, and
such determination shall be final and binding on the Company and all persons
having an interest in any Award under the Plan.

                  4.2 Committee Authority. Subject to the general purposes,
terms and conditions of the Board, the Committee shall have full power to
implement and carry out the Plan. The Committee may delegate to one or more
officers of the Company the authority to make recommendations to grant an Award
under the Plan to Participants who are not Insiders of the Company. The
Committee shall have the authority to:

(a) construe and interpret the Plan, any Award Agreement and any other agreement
or document executed pursuant to the Plan;

(b) recommend to the Board  amendments to the rules and regulations  relating to
the Plan;

(c) select the persons to receive Awards;

(d) determine the form and terms of Awards;

(e) determine the number of Share or other consideration subject to Awards;


                                        2

<PAGE>





(f) determine whether Awards will be granted singly,  in combination,  in tandem
with, in replacement of, or as  alternatives  to, other Awards under the Plan or
any  other  incentive  or  compensation  plan  of the  Company  or  any  Parent,
Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company;

(g) determine the granting of certain waivers of Plan or Award conditions;

(h) determine the conditions concerning the vesting,  exercisability and payment
of Awards;

(i) recommend to the Board such matters so as to correct any defect,  supply any
omission,  or reconcile any  inconsistency  in the Plan,  any Award or any Award
Agreement;

(j) determine whether an Award ha been earned; and

(k) make all other determinations  necessary or advisable for the administration
of the Plan.

                  4.3 Exchange Act Requirements. If the Company is subject to
the Exchange Act, the Company will take appropriate steps to comply with the
disinterested director requirements of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act,
including but not limited to, the appointment by the Board of a committee
consisting of not less than two persons (who are members of the Board), each of
whom is a Disinterested Person.

                  4.4 Address of Committee. The Committee's address to which any
correspondence or notifications may be sent or given is:

                           ICTS International, N.V.
                           Holland: Biesbosch 225
                           1181 JC Amstelveen

                          Attention: Managing Director

         5. Options. The Committee may grant Options to eligible persons and
shall determine whether such Options shall be Incentive Stock Options within the
meaning of the Code ("ISO") or Nonqualified Stock Options ("NQSO"), the number
of Shares subject to the Option, the Exercise Price of the Option, the period
during which the Option may be exercised, and all other terms and conditions of
the Option, subject to the following:


                                        3

<PAGE>

                  5.1 Form of Option Grant. Each Option granted under the Plan
shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement which shall expressly identify the
Option as an ISO or NQSO ("Stock Option Agreement"), and be in such form and
contain such provisions (which need not be the same for each Participant) as the
Committee shall from time to time approve, and which shall comply with and be
subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

                  5.2 Date of Grant. The date of grant of an Option shall be the
date on which the Committee makes the determination to grant such Option, unless
otherwise specified by the Committee. The Stock Option Agreement and a copy of
the Plan will be delivered to the Participant within a reasonable time after the
granting of the Option.

                  5.3 Exercise Period. Options shall be exercisable within the
times or upon the events determined by the Committee as set forth in the Stock
Option Agreement; provided, however, that no Option shall be exercisable after
the expiration of ten (10) years from the date the Option is granted, and
provided further that no Option granted to a person who directly or by
attribution owns more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power
of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the
Company ("Ten Percent Shareholder") shall be exercisable after the expiration of
five (5) years from the date the Option is granted. The Committee also may
provide for the Options to become exercisable at one time or from time to time,
periodically or otherwise, in such number or percentage as the Committee
determines.

                  5.4 Exercise Price. The Exercise Price shall be determined by
the Committee when the Option is granted and may be not less than the par value
of a Share on the date of grant; provided that (i) the Exercise Price of an ISO
and NQSO shall be not less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market
Value of the Shares on the date of grant; (ii) the Exercise Price of any ISO
granted to a Ten Percent Shareholder shall not be less than one hundred ten
percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant; and
(iii) the Exercise Price of any option granted that the Committee intends to
qualify under Section 162(m) of the Code, shall not be less than one hundred
percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant.
Payment for the Shares purchased may be made in accordance with Section 7 of the
Plan.

                  5.5 Method of Exercise. Options may be exercised only by
delivery to the Company of a written stock option exercise agreement (the
"Exercise Agreement") in a form approved by the Committee (which need not be the
same for each Participant), stating the number of Shares being purchased, the
restrictions imposed on the Shares, if any, and such representations and
agreements regarding Participant's investment intent and access to information
and other matters, if any, as may be required or desirable by the Company to
comply with applicable securities laws, together with payment in full of the
Exercise Price for the number of Shares being purchased.


                                        4

<PAGE>

5.6 Termination.  Unless otherwise set forth in the Stock Option Agreement,  the
exercise of an Option shall be subject to the following:

(a) If the  Participant is Terminated for any reason except death or Disability,
then Participant may exercise such Participant's Options only to the extent that
such Options would have been exercisable upon the Termination Date no later than
three (3) months after the Termination  Date (or such shorter time period as may
be specified in the Stock Option Agreement), but in any event, no later than the
expiration date of the Options.

(b) If the  Participant  is terminated  because of death or  Disability  (or the
Participant   dies  within   three  (3)  months  of  such   termination),   then
Participant's  Options may be  exercised  only to the extent  that such  Options
would have been  exercisable by Participant on the Termination  Date and must be
exercised by Participant (or  Participant's  legal  representative or authorized
assignee) no later than twelve (12) months after the  Termination  Date (or such
shorter time period as may be specified in the Stock Option  Agreement),  but in
any event no later than the expiration date of the Options;  provided,  however,
that in the event of  termination  due to  Disability  other  than as defined in
Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, any ISO that remains exercisable after ninety (90)
days after the date of termination shall be deemed a NQSO.

                  5.7 Limitations on Exercise. The Committee may specify a
reasonable minimum number of Shares that may be purchased on any exercise of an
Option, provided that such minimum number will not prevent Participant from
exercising the Option for the full number of Shares for which it is then
exercisable.

                  5.8 Limitations on ISOs. The aggregate Fair Market Value
(determined as of the date of grant) of Shares with respect to which ISOs are
exercisable for the first time by a Participant during any calendar year (under
the Plan or under any other incentive stock option plan of the Company or any
Affiliate, Parent or Subsidiary of the Company) shall not exceed One Hundred
Thousand Dollars ($100,000). If the Fair Market Value of Shares on the date of
grant with respect to which ISOs are exercisable for the first time by a
Participant during any calendar year exceeds One Hundred Thousand Dollars
($100,000),the Options for the first One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000)
worth of Shares to become exercisable in such calendar year shall be ISOs and
the Options for the amount in excess of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000)
that become exercisable in that calendar year shall be NQSOs. In the event that
the Code or the regulations promulgated thereunder are amended after the
Effective Date of the

                                        5

<PAGE>

Plan to provide for a different limit on the Fair Market Value of Shares
permitted to be subject to ISOs, such different limit shall be automatically
incorporated herein and shall apply to any Options granted after the effective
date of such amendment.

                  5.9 Modification, Extension or Renewal. The Committee may
modify, extend or renew outstanding Options and authorize the grant of new
Options in substitution therefor, provided that any such action may not without
the written consent of Participant, impair any of Participant's rights under any
Option previously granted. Any outstanding ISO that is modified, extended,
renewed or otherwise altered shall be treated in accordance with Section 424(h)
of the Code. The Committee may reduce the Exercise Price of outstanding Options
without the consent of Participants affected by a written notice to them;
provided, however, that the Exercise Price may not be reduced below the minimum
Exercise Price that would be permitted under Section 5.4 of the Plan for Options
granted on the date the action is taken to reduce the Exercise Price.

                  5.10 No Disqualification. Notwithstanding any other provision
in the Plan, no term of the Plan relating to ISOs shall be interpreted, amended
or altered, nor shall any discretion or authority granted under the Plan be
exercised, so as to disqualify the Plan under Section 422 of the Code or,
without the consent of the Participant affected, to disqualify any ISO under
Section 422 of the Code.

         6. Restricted Stock. A Restricted Stock Award is an offer by the
Company to sell to an eligible person Shares that are subject to restrictions
and a significant risk of forfeiture. The Committee shall determine to whom an
offer will be made, the number of Shares the person may purchase, the price to
be paid (the "Purchase Price"), the restrictions and the risk of forfeiture to
which the Shares shall be subject, and all other terms and conditions of the
Restricted Stock Award, subject to the following:

                  6.1 Form of Restricted Stock Award. All purchases under a
Restricted Stock Award made pursuant to the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award
Agreement ("Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement") that shall be in such form
(which need not be the same for each Participant) as the Committee, shall from
time to time approve, and shall comply with and be subject to the terms and
conditions of the Plan. The offer of Restricted Stock shall be accepted by the
Participant's execution and delivery of the Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement
and full payment for the shares to the Company within thirty (30) days from the
date the Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement is delivered to the person. If such
person does not execute and deliver the Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement
along with full payment for the Shares to the Company within thirty (30) days,
then the offer shall terminate, unless otherwise determined by the Committee.

                  6.2 Purchase Price. The Purchase Price of Shares sold pursuant
to a Restricted Stock Award shall be determined by the Committee on the date the
Restricted Stock Award is granted but shall in no event less than the par value
of the Shares. Payment of the Purchase Price may be made in accordance with
Section 7 of the Plan.


                                        6

<PAGE>

                  6.3 Restrictions. Restricted Stock Awards shall be subject to
such restrictions as the Committee may impose. The Committee may provide for the
lapse of such restrictions in installments and may accelerate or waive such
restrictions, in whole or in part, based on length of service, performance or
such other factors or criteria as the Committee may determine. Restricted Stock
Awards that the Committee intends to qualify under Code section 162(m) shall be
subject to a performance-based goal. Restrictions on such stock shall lapse
based on one (1) or more of the following performance goals: stock price, market
share, sales increases, earning per share, return on equity, cost reductions, or
any other similar performance measure established by the Committee. Such
performance measures shall be established by the Committee, in writing, no later
than the earlier of (a) ninety (90) days after the commencement of the
performance period with respect to which the Restricted Stock award is made; and
(b) the date as of which twenty-five percent (25%) of such performance period
has elapsed.

7. Payment For Share Purchases.

                  7.1 Payment. Payment for Shares purchased pursuant to the Plan
may be made in cash (by check) or, where expressly approved for the Participant
by the Committee and where permitted by law:

(a) by cancellation of indebtedness of the Company to the Participant;

(b) by transfer of Shares  that  either (1) have been owned by  Participant  for
more than six (6) months  and have been paid for within the  meaning of SEC Rule
144; or (2) were obtained by Participant in the public market;

(c) by waiver  of  compensation  due or  accrued  to  Participant  for  services
rendered;

(d) by tender of property;

(e) with a promissory  note in favor of the  Company,  which such note shall (1)
provide for full recourse to the maker, (2) be  collateralized  by the pledge of
the Shares that the Optionee  purchases  upon  exercise of the Option,  (3) bear
interest at the prime rate of the Company's  principal  lender,  and (4) contain
such  other  terms as the  Committee  in its sole  discretion  shall  reasonably
require;

(f) by a "cashless  exercise" in which Shares which would otherwise be delivered
upon  exercise of the Option may be used to satisfy the payment of the  exercise
price of the Option, in accordance with the following formula:

                                   X = Y (A-B)
                                   _____________
                                   A

                                   7

<PAGE>




                                    Where:
                                    X = the number of Shares to be issued to
                                    Optionee. Y = the number of Shares
                                    purchasable under the amount of the Option
                                    being exercised A = the per Share Fair
                                    Market Value
                                    B = the per Share Exercise
                                    Price of the Option

(g) with respect only to purchase upon exercise of an Option,  and provided that
a public market for the Company's stock exists:

(1) through a "same day sale"  commitment  from  Participant and a broker-dealer
that is a member of the National  Association  of  Securities  Dealers (an "NASD
Dealer") whereby the Participant  irrevocably  elects to exercise the Option and
to sell a portion of the Shares so purchased to pay for the Exercise Price,  and
whereby  the NASD  Dealer  irrevocably  commits  upon  receipt of such Shares to
forward the Exercise Price directly to the Company; or

(2) through a "margin"  commitment  from  Participant and an NASD Dealer whereby
Participant  irrevocably  elects to exercise the Option and to pledge the Shares
so purchased to the NASD Dealer in a margin  account as security for a loan from
the NASD Dealer in the amount of the Exercise Price, and whereby the NASD Dealer
irrevocably  commits upon  receipt of such Shares to forward the exercise  price
directly to the Company; or

(h) by any combination of the foregoing.

         If the Exercise Price or purchase price is paid in whole or in part
with Shares, or through the withholding of Shares issuable upon exercise of the
Option, the value of the Shares surrendered or withheld shall be their Fair
Market Value on the date the Option is exercised.

         8.       Withholding Taxes.

                  8.1 Withholding Generally. Whenever Shares are to be issued in
satisfaction of Awards granted under the Plan, the Company may require the
Participant to remit to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy federal,
state and local withholding tax requirements prior to the delivery of any
certificate or certificates for such Shares. Whenever, under the Plan, payments
in satisfaction of Awards are to be made in cash, such payment shall be net of
an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, and local withholding tax
requirements.


                                        8

<PAGE>

                  8.2 Stock Withholding. When, under applicable tax laws, a
Participant incurs tax liability in connection with the exercise or vesting of
any Award that is subject to tax withholding and the Participant is obligated to
pay the Company the amount required to be withheld, the Committee may allow the
Participant to satisfy the minimum withholding tax obligation by electing to
have the Company withhold from the Shares to be issued that number of Shares
having a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum amount required to be withheld,
determined on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined
(the "Tax Date"). All elections by a Participant to have Shares withheld for
this purpose shall be made in writing in a form acceptable to the Committee and
shall be subject to the following restrictions:

(a) the election must be made on or prior to the applicable Tax Date;

(b) once made, then except as provided below,  the election shall be irrevocable
as to the particular Shares as to which the election is made;

(c)  all  elections  shall  be  subjec  to the  consent  or  disapproval  of the
Committee;

(d) if the  Participant is an Insider and if the Company is subject to Section 1
6(b) of the Exchange Act: (1) the election may not be made within six (6) months
of the date of grant of the Award,  except as otherwise  permitted by SEC Rule 1
6b-3(e)  under the  Exchange  Act,  and (2) either (A) the election to use stock
withholding  must be  irrevocably  made at least six (6) months prior to the Tax
Date  (although such election may be revoked at any time at least six (6) months
prior to the Tax Date) or (B) the  exercise  of the  Option or  election  to use
stock withholding must be made in the ten (10) day period beginning on the third
day following the release of the Company's quarterly or annual summary statement
of sales or earnings; and

(e) in the event that the Tax Dat is  deferred  until six (6)  months  after the
delivery  of Shares  under  Section  83(b) of the Code,  the  Participant  shall
receive the full number of Shares with respect to which the exercise occurs, but
such  Participant  shall be  unconditionally  obligated  to  tender  back to the
Company the proper number of Shares on the Tax Date.


                                        9

<PAGE>

         9. Privileges of Stock Ownership. No Participant shall have any of the
rights of a shareholder with respect to any Shares until the Shares are issued
to the Participant. After Shares are issued to the Participant, the Participant
shall be a shareholder and have all the rights of a shareholder with respect to
such Shares, including the right to vote and receive all dividends or other
distributions made or paid with respect to such Shares; provided, that if such
Shares are Restricted Stock, then any new, additional or different securities
the Participant may become entitled to receive with respect to such Shares by
virtue of a stock dividend, stock split or any other change in the corporate or
capital structure of the Company shall be subject to the same restrictions as
the Restricted Stock.

         10. Transferability. Awards granted under the Plan, and any interest
therein, shall not be transferable or assignable by Participant, and may not be
made subject to execution, attachment or similar process, otherwise than by will
or by the laws of descent and distribution or as consistent with the specific
Plan and Award Agreement provisions relating thereto. During the lifetime of the
Participant an Award shall be exercisable only by the Participant, and any
elections with respect to an Award, may be made only by the Participant.

         11. Restrictions on Shares. At the discretion of the Committee, the
Company may reserve to itself and/or its assignee(s) in the Award Agreement a
right of first refusal to purchase all Shares that a Participant (or a
subsequent transferee) may propose to transfer to a third party.

         12. Certificates. All certificates for Shares or other securities
delivered under the Plan shall be subject to such stock transfer orders, legends
and other restrictions as the Committee may deem necessary or advisable,
including restrictions under any applicable federal, state or foreign securities
law, or any rules, regulations and other requirements of the SEC or any stock
exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Shares may be listed.

         13. Escrow; Pledge of Shares. To enforce any restrictions on a
Participant's Shares, the Committee may require the Participant to deposit all
certificates representing Shares, together with stock powers or other
instruments of transfer approved by the Committee, appropriately endorsed in
blank, with the Company or an agent designated by the Company to hold in escrow
until such restrictions have lapsed or terminated, and the Committee may cause a
legend or legends referencing such restrictions to be placed on the
certificates.

         14. Exchange and Buy out of Awards. The Committee, may, at any time or
from time to time, authorize the Company, with the consent of the respective
Participants, to issue new Awards in exchange for the surrender and cancellation
of any or all outstanding Awards. The Company may at any time buy from a
Participant an Award previously granted with payment in cash, Shares (including
Restricted Stock) or other consideration, based on such terms and conditions as
the Company and the Participant shall agree.


                                       10

<PAGE>

         15. Securities Law and Other Regulatory Compliance. An Award shall not
be effective unless such Award is in compliance with all applicable federal and
state securities laws, rules and regulations of any governmental body, and the
requirements of any stock exchange or automated quotation system upon which the
Shares may then be listed, as they are in effect on the date of grant of the
Award and also on the date of exercise or other Issuance. Notwithstanding any
other provision in the Plan, the Company shall have no obligation to issue or
deliver certificates for Shares under the Plan prior to (a) obtaining any
approvals from governmental agencies that the Company determines are necessary
or advisable, and/or (b) completion of any registration or other qualification
of such shares under any state or federal law or ruling of any governmental body
that the Company determines to be necessary or advisable. The Company shall be
under no obligation to register the Shares with the SEC or to effect compliance
with the registration, qualification or listing requirements of any state
securities laws, stock exchange or automated quotation system, and the Company
shall have no liability for any inability or failure to do so.

         16. No Obligation to Employ. Nothing in the Plan or any Award granted
under the Plan shall confer or be deemed to confer on any Participant any right
to continue in the employ of, or to continue any other relationship with, the
Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company or limit in any
way the right of the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate of the
Company to terminate Participant's employment or other relationship at any time,
with or without cause.

         17. Corporate Transactions.

                  17.1 Assumption or Replacement of Awards by Successor. In the
event of (a) a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving
corporation (other than a merger or consolidation with a wholly-owned
subsidiary, a reincorporation of the Company in a different jurisdiction, or
other transaction in which there is no substantial change in the shareholders of
the company and the Awards granted under the Plan are assumed or replaced by the
successor corporation, which assumption shall be binding on all Participants);
(b) a dissolution or liquidation of the Company; (c) the sale of substantially
all of the assets of the Company; or (d) any other transaction which qualifies
as a "corporate transaction" under Section 424(a) of the Code wherein the
shareholders of the Company give up all of their equity interest in the Company
(except for the acquisition, sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the
outstanding shares of the Company), all outstanding Awards may, to the extent
permitted by applicable law, be replaced by the successor corporation (if any)
with Awards of equivalent value, which replacement shall be binding on all
Participants. In the alternative, substantially similar consideration may be
provided to Participants as was provided to shareholders (after taking into
account the existing provisions of the Awards). The successor corporation may
also issue, in place of outstanding Shares of the Company held by the
Participant, substantially similar shares or other property subject to
repurchase restrictions no less favorable to the Participant.

                  17.2 Other Treatment of Awards. Subject to any greater rights
granted to Participants under the foregoing provisions of this Section 17, in
the event of the occurrence of any transaction described in Section 17.1, any
outstanding Awards shall be

                                       11

<PAGE>

treated as provided in the applicable agreement or plan of merger,
consolidation, dissolution, liquidation, sale of assets or other "corporate
transaction."

                  17.3 Assumption of Awards by the Company. The Company, from
time to time, also may grant Awards identical to awards granted by another
company, whether in connection with an acquisition of such other company or
otherwise, by granting an Award under the Plan in replacement of such other
company's award. Such replacement shall be permissible if the holder of the
replaced award would have been eligible to be granted an Award under the Plan if
the other company had applied the rules of the Plan to such grant. In the event
the Company grants Awards identical to an award granted by another company, the
terms and conditions of such award shall remain unchanged (except that the
exercise price and the number and nature of Shares issuable upon exercise of any
such option will be adjusted approximately pursuant to Section 424(a) of the
Code).

         18. Adoption and Shareholder Approval. The Plan shall become effective
on the date that it is adopted by the Board (the "Effective Date"). The Plan
shall be approved by the shareholders of the Company (excluding Shares issued
pursuant to this Plan), consistent with applicable laws, within twelve months
before or after the Effective Date. Upon the Effective Date, the Committee may
grant Awards pursuant to the Plan; provided, however, that: (a) no Option may be
exercised prior to initial shareholder approval of the Plan; (b) no Option
granted pursuant to an increase in the number of Shares approved by the Board
shall be exercised prior to the time such increase has been approved by the
shareholders of the Company; and in the event that shareholder approval is not
obtained within the time period provided herein, all Awards granted hereunder
shall be canceled, any Shares issued pursuant to any Award shall be canceled and
any purchase of Shares hereunder shall be rescinded. After the Company becomes
subject to Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the Company will comply with the
requirements of Rule 16b-3 (or its successor), as amended, with respect to
shareholder approval.

         19. Term of Plan. The Plan will terminate ten (10) years from the
Effective Date or, if earlier, the date of shareholder approval of the Plan.

         20. Amendment or Termination of Plan. The Board may at any time
terminate or amend the Plan in any respect, including without limitation
amendment of any form of Award Agreement or instrument to be executed pursuant
to the Plan; provided, however, that: (a) the Board shall not, without the
approval of the shareholders of the Company, amend the Plan in any manner that
requires such shareholder approval pursuant to the Code or the regulations
promulgated thereunder as such provisions apply to ISO plans or pursuant to the
Exchange Act or Rule 16b-3 (or its successor), as amended, thereunder; and (b)
no outstanding Award shall be deemed effected by such amendment without the
advance written consent of the Participant(s) holding such outstanding Award(s)
at the time of the proposed termination or amendment.

         21. Nonexclusivity of the Plan. Neither the adoption of the Plan by the
Board, the submission of the Plan to the shareholders of the Company for
approval, nor any provision of the Plan shall be construed as creating any
limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such additional compensation
arrangements as it may deem desirable,

                                       12

<PAGE>

including, without limitation, the granting of stock options and bonuses
otherwise than under the Plan, and such arrangements may be either generally
applicable or applicable only in specific cases.

         22. Definitions. As used in the Plan, the following terms shall have
the following meanings:

                  "Affiliate" means any corporation that directly, or indirectly
through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under
common control with, another corporation, where "control" (including the terms
"controlled by" and "under common control with") means the possession, direct or
indirect, of the power to cause the direction of the management and policies of
the corporation, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract
or otherwise.

                  "Award" means any award under the Plan, including any Option,
Restricted Stock.

                  "Award Agreement" means, with respect to each Award, the
signed written agreement between the Company and the Participant setting forth
the terms and conditions of the Award.

                  "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

                  "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

                  "Committee" means a committee appointed by the Company's
Compensation Committee (said Compensation Committee itself being first appointed
by the Company's Board).

                  "Company" means ICTS INTERNATIONAL, N.V., a Netherlands
corporation, or any successor company.

                  "Disability" means a disability, whether temporary or
permanent, partial or total, as determined by the Committee.

                  "Disinterested Person" means a director who has not, during
the period that person is a member of the Committee and for one (1) year prior
to service as a member of the Committee, been granted or awarded equity
securities pursuant to the Plan or any other plan of the Company or any Parent,
Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company, except in accordance with the
requirements set forth in Rule 16b-3(c)(2)(I) (and any successor regulation
thereto) as promulgated by the SEC under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, as
such rule is amended from time to time and as interpreted by the SEC.

                  "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

                  "Exercise Price" means the price at which a holder of an
Option may purchase the Shares issuable upon exercise of the Option.


                                       13

<PAGE>

                  "Fair Market Value" means, as of any date, the value of a
share of the Company's Common Stock determined as follows:

(a) if such Common Stock is then quoted on the Nasdaq market,  its last reported
sale price on the Nasdaq market or, if no such reported sale takes place on such
date, the average of the closing bid and asked prices;

(b) if such  Common  Stock is  publicly  traded and is then listed on a national
securities  exchange,  the last reported sale price or, if no such reported sale
takes place on such date, the average of the closing bid and asked prices on the
principal  national  securities  exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or
admitted to trading;

(c) if such Common Stock is publicly traded but is not quoted on a Nasdaq market
nor listed or admitted to trading on a national securities exchange, the average
of the closing bid and asked prices on such date, as reported by The Wall Street
Journal, for the over-the-counter market; or

(d) if none of the  foregoing  is  applicable,  by the Board of Directors of the
Company in good faith.

                  "Insider" means an officer or director of the Company or any
other person whose transactions in the Company's Common Stock are subject to
Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

                  "Option" means an award of an option to purchase Shares
pursuant to Section 5.

                  "Parent" means any corporation (other than the Company) in an
unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company, if at the time of the
granting of an Award under the Plan, each of such corporations other than the
Company owns stock possessing fifty percent (50%), or more, of the total
combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations
in such chain.

                    "Participant" means a person who receives an Award under the
Plan.

                  "Plan" means this ICTS INTERNATIONAL, N.V. 2005 Equity
Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time.

                  "Restricted Stock Award" means an award of Shares pursuant to
Section 6.

                  "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.



                                       14

<PAGE>



                  "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

                  "Shares" means shares of the Company's Common Stock reserved
for issuance under the Plan, as adjusted pursuant to Sections 2 and 15, and any
successor security.

                  "Subsidiary" means any corporation (other than the Company) in
an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company if, at the time of
granting of the Award, each of the corporations other than the last corporation
in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing fifty percent (50%), or more, of the
total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other
corporations in such claim.

                  "Termination" or "Terminated" means, for purposes of the Plan
with respect to a Participant, that the Participant has ceased to provide
services as an employee, director, consultant or advisor, to the Company or a
Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company, except in the case of sick
leave, military leave, or any other leave of absence approved by the Committee,
provided, that such leave is for a period of not more than ninety (90) days, or
reinstatement upon the expiration of such leave is guaranteed by contract or
statute. The Committee shall have sole discretion to determine whether a
Participant has ceased to provide services and the effective date on which the
Participant ceased to provide services (the "Termination Date").





                                       15


