
           Airspan Networks and ArelNet Announce Proposed Acquisition
                          of ArelNet for $8.7 million

BOCA RATON, Fla.; YAVNE, Israel -December 29, 2004 - Airspan Networks Inc.
(Nasdaq: AIRN) and ArelNet Ltd. (TASE: ARNT) today announced that they have
signed a letter of intent for the purchase by Airspan of all of the outstanding
securities of ArelNet for an aggregate purchase price of $8,700,000, with
$4,000,000 to be paid in cash and $4,700,000 in shares of Airspan.

Completion of the transaction announced today is subject to Airspan's completion
of due diligence, the execution of definitive documentation, approval of
ArelNet's shareholders and the District Court of Tel Aviv, and customary third
party and regulatory approvals.

Airspan Networks is a leading provider of broadband wireless access solutions
for both licensed and unlicensed operators worldwide. Airspan's current
generation of products includes systems that can support voice over Internet
protocol (VoIP) services. The company has a broad portfolio of wireless access
products, and is developing new products that are compliant with the new IEEE
802.16-2004 standard (WiMAX), and upgradeable to the 802.16e version of the
standard. Airspan is a founding member of the WiMAX Forum. Airspan has deployed
networks with capacity exceeding 1.5 million lines worldwide.

ArelNet Ltd. is a pioneer in VoIP network infrastructure equipment and
solutions, including soft switches and gateways supporting all major VoIP
standards. ArelNet has extensive experience worldwide, having installed networks
with capacities exceeding two billion minutes per year.

Upon completion of the transaction, Airspan's leadership position in wireless
VoIP and WiMAX will be reinforced by enabling the development of carrier-grade
voice telephony solutions using ArelNet's switching and gateway technologies in
the new WiMAX broadband data system. For operators, voice will be an important
WiMAX system service, and Airspan soon expects to be able to offer them an
end-to-end solution to ensure that the quality of service provided by their
networks is at a level consistent with that provided by traditional telco voice
services.

                                     -more-
<PAGE>

ArelNet Acquisition - page 2 of 3

Eric Stonestrom, Airspan's President and CEO, commented on the transaction: "We
believe that voice services are a significant part of the overall WiMAX business
case for operators, and our focus in this acquisition is to be able to offer the
strongest Voice-Enabled product portfolio in the industry. ArelNet's current
product offerings, development roadmap, and track record in innovation are
expected to strengthen our market position in this important area when we
introduce our WiMAX products in the second half of 2005. We expect the
investment to be accretive in 2005, but significant contribution to our revenues
will occur only when we introduce our new WiMAX products."

Heli (Rachel) Ben Nun, ArelNet's CEO, commented on the transaction: "We are very
pleased to be combining ArelNet with Airspan. We believe we have achieved a
great deal for our shareholders and are confident that the combined
ArelNet-Airspan technologies will strengthen Airspan's product offerings."

Shares of Airspan Networks are traded on Nasdaq (AIRN). More information on
Airspan can be found at http://www.airspan.com. ArelNet Ltd. is a publicly
traded company (TASE: ARNT) whose major shareholders include Yitzhak Gross,
Rachel Ben Nun, Arel Communications and Software Ltd. (Nasdaq: ARLC), Nortel
Networks Corp. (NYSE: NT) and Keppel T&T (SING: KEPPEL T&T). More information on
ArelNet can be found at http://www.arelnet.com

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. All statements, other than statements of historical facts,
including statements regarding Airspan's strategy, future operations, financial
position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of
management, may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. The words "targets",
"anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "may," "plans,"
"projects," "will," "would" and similar expressions or negative variations
thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all
forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Airspan may not
actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our
forward-looking statements and readers should not place undue reliance on the
forward-looking statements. There are a number of important factors that could
cause actual results or events to differ materially from the plans, intentions
and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements made in this press
release. Investors and others are therefore cautioned that a variety of factors,
including certain risks, may affect Airspan's business and cause actual results
to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.
These risk factors include, without limitation, (i) a slowdown of expenditures
by communication service providers; (ii) increased competition from alternative
communication systems; (iii) the failure of Airspan's existing or prospective
customers to purchase products as projected; (iv) Airspan's inability to
successfully implement cost reduction or containment programs; (v) a loss of any
of Airspan's key customers; (vi) Airspan's ability to retain Axtel, Mexico, as
<PAGE>

ArelNet Acquisition - page 3 of 3

its largest customer; and (vii) specific to this press release, (a) Airspan's
ability to close the acquisition, (b) to successfully integrate the operations
of ArelNet into its business, (c) the future success of the WiMAX standard, and
(d) the willingness of operators to buy and deploy networks comprising Airspan
and ArelNet products. Airspan is also subject to the risks and uncertainties
described in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including
its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. You should
read those factors as being applicable to all related forward-looking statements
wherever they appear in this press release. Airspan does not assume any
obligation to update any forward-looking statements.

For Investment and Media inquiries, contact:
Airspan Networks:
Peter Aronstam
Chief Financial Officer
Tel: +1 561 893-8682
Fax: +1 561 893-8671
Email: paronstam@airspan.com


