
Exhibit2-1.  ACQUISITION AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

Exhibit 2.1

                  ACQUISITION AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                         DATED AS OF DECEMBER 27, 2004

                                   BETWEEN

                            APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.

                                     AND

                                  GCJ, INC.

TABLE OF CONTENTS


ARTICLE 1. The Merger
  Section 1.1.                                             The Merger
  Section 1.2.                                        The Acquisition
  Section 1.3.                                         Effective Time
  Section 1.4.                                  Closing of the Merger
  Section 1.5.                                  Effects of the Merger
  Section 1.6.                 Board of Directors and Officers of APD
  Section 1.7.             Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action

ARTICLE 2. Representations and Warranties of APD
  Section 2.1.                         Organization and Qualification
  Section 2.2.                                  Capitalization of APD
  Section 2.3.   Authority Relative to this Agreement; Recommendation
  Section 2.4.                      SEC Reports; Financial Statements
  Section 2.5.                                   Information Supplied
  Section 2.6.                  Consents and Approvals; No Violations
  Section 2.7.                                             No Default
  Section 2.8.         No Undisclosed Liabilities; Absence of Changes
  Section 2.9.                                             Litigation
  Section 2.10.                        Compliance with Applicable Law
  Section 2.11.                 Employee Benefit Plans; Labor Matters
  Section 2.12.                    Environmental Laws and Regulations
  Section 2.13.                                           Tax Matters
  Section 2.14.                                     Title To Property
  Section 2.15.                                 Intellectual Property
  Section 2.16.                                             Insurance
  Section 2.17.                                         Vote Required
  Section 2.18.                                         Tax Treatment
  Section 2.19.                                            Affiliates
  Section 2.20.                            Certain Business Practices
  Section 2.21.                                     Insider Interests
  Section 2.22.                          Opinion of Financial Adviser
  Section 2.23.                                               Brokers
  Section 2.24.                                            Disclosure
  Section 2.25.                                No Existing Discussion

<PAGE>


ARTICLE 3. Representations and Warranties of GCJ.
  Section 3.1.                         Organization and Qualification
  Section 3.2.                                  Capitalization of GCJ
  Section 3.3.   Authority Relative to this Agreement; Recommendation
  Section 3.4.                      SEC Reports; Financial Statements
  Section 3.5.                                   Information Supplied
  Section 3.6.                  Consents and Approvals; No Violations
  Section 3.7.                                             No Default
  Section 3.8          No Undisclosed Liabilities; Absence of Changes
  Section 3.9.                                             Litigation
  Section 3.10.                        Compliance with Applicable Law
  Section 3.11.                 Employee Benefit Plans; Labor Matters
  Section 3.12.                    Environmental Laws and Regulations
  Section 3.13.                                           Tax Matters
  Section 3.14.                                     Title to Property
  Section 3.15.                                 Intellectual Property
  Section 3.16.                                             Insurance
  Section 3.17.                                         Vote Required
  Section 3.18.                                         Tax Treatment
  Section 3.19.                                            Affiliates
  Section 3.20.                            Certain Business Practices
  Section 3.21.                                     Insider Interests
  Section 3.22.                          Opinion of Financial Adviser
  Section 3.23.                                               Brokers
  Section 3.24.                                            Disclosure
  Section 3.25.                               No Existing Discussions

ARTICLE 4. Covenants
  Section 4.1.                             Conduct of Business of APD
  Section 4.2.                             Conduct of Business of GCJ
  Section 4.3.                                     Preparation of 8-K
  Section 4.4.                              Other Potential Acquirers
  Section 4.5.                                    NASD OTC:BB Listing
  Section 4.6.                                  Access to Information
  Section 4.7.                  Additional events; Reasonable Efforts
  Section 4.8.                                        Indemnification
  Section 4.9.                        Notification of Certain Matters

ARTICLE 5. Conditions to Consummation of the Merger
  Section 5.1.                  Conditions to each Party's Obligation
  Section 5.2.                   Conditions to the Obligations of APD
  Section 5.3.                   Conditions to the Obligations of GCJ

<PAGE>

ARTICLE 6. Termination; Amendment; Waiver
  Section 6.1.                                            Termination
  Section 6.2.                                  Effect of Termination
  Section 6.3.                                      Fees and Expenses
  Section 6.4.                                              Amendment
  Section 6.5.                                      Extension; Waiver

ARTICLE 7. Miscellaneous
  Section 7.1.          Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties
  Section 7.2.                           Entire Agreement; Assignment
  Section 7.3.                                               Validity
  Section 7.4.                                                Notices
  Section 7.5.                                          Governing Law
  Section 7.6.                                   Descriptive Headings
  Section 7.7.                                    Parties in Interest
  Section 7.8.                                    Certain Definitions
  Section 7.9.                                     Personal Liability
  Section 7.10.                                  Specific Performance
  Section 7.11.                                          Counterparts

<PAGE>

                  ACQUISITION AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER


     This  Agreement and Plan of Merger (this "Agreement"), dated as of
December 27, 2004, is between APD ANTIQUITIES, INC., a Nevada corporation
("APD"), and GCJ, INC., a Nevada corporation ("GCJ").

     Whereas, the Boards of Directors of APD and GCJ each have, in light of
and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (i) determined that
the Merger (as defined below) is fair to their respective stockholders and in
the  best interests  of such stockholders and (ii) approved the Acquisition
Agreement and Plan of Merger in accordance with this Agreement;

     Whereas, for Federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger
qualify  as  a reorganization under the provisions of Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"); and

     Whereas, APD and GCJ desire to make certain representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements in connection with the Merger and also to prescribe
various conditions to the Merger.

     Now, therefore, in consideration of the promises and the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements herein contained, and intending to be
legally bound hereby, APD and GCJ hereby agree as follows:

                                  ARTICLE I

                                 The Merger

     Section  1.1. The Merger. At the Effective Time (as defined below) and
upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and in
accordance  with the General Corporation Law of the State  of  Nevada  (the
"NGCL"), GCJ shall be merged with and into APD (as defined below) (the
"Merger").  Following the Merger, APD shall continue as the surviving
corporation (the "Successor Corporation"), shall continue to be governed by
the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and the
separate corporate existence of GCJ shall cease to exist.  The Successor
Corporation shall continue to adapt its original Articles and By-laws.
The Successor Corporation is named APD ANTIQUITIES, INC., a Nevada
corporation.  The Merger is intended to qualify as a tax-free reorganization
under Section 368 of the Code as relates to the non-cash exchange of stock
referenced herein.

     Section 1.2.  The Acquisition.   APD shall purchase for cash all of the
issued and outstanding shares of GCJ.  GCJ has 430,000 common shares issued and
outstanding to one shareholder.  This shareholder has agreed to sell and APD
has agreed to purchase all 430,000 shares for cash at par value $0.001 for a
total of $3,600.  Once APD purchases all of the common shares of GCJ, APD
will have complete ownership of GCJ.

     Section  1.3.  Effective Time. Subject to the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement, a Certificate of Merger (the "Merger Certificate")
shall be duly executed and acknowledged by each of GCJ and APD, and
thereafter the Merger Certificate reflecting the Merger shall be delivered to
the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada for filing pursuant to the NGCL
on the Closing Date (as defined in Section 1.3).  The Merger shall become
effective at such time as a properly executed and certified copy of the
Merger Certificate is duly filed by the Secretary of State of the State
of Nevada in accordance with the NGCL or such later time as the parties
may agree upon and set forth in the Merger Certificate (the time at which
the Merger becomes effective shall be referred to herein a the "Effective
Time").

     Section  1.4.  Closing of the Merger.  The closing of the Merger (the
"Closing") will take place at a time and on a date to be specified by the
parties, which shall be no later than the second business day after
satisfaction of the latest to occur of the conditions set forth in Article 5
(the "Closing Date"), at the law offices of Thomas C. Cook, 2921 N. Tenaya
Way, Suite 234, Las Vegas, NV  89128, unless another time, date or place is
agreed to in writing by the parties hereto.

     Section  1.5. Effects of the Merger. The Merger shall have the effects
set forth in the NGCL.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all the properties, rights,
privileges, powers of GCJ shall vest in the Successor Corporation,
and all debts, liabilities and duties of GCJ shall become the debts,
liabilities and duties of the Successor Corporation.


<PAGE>

     Section 1.6. Board of Directors and Officers of APD.  At or prior to the
Effective  Time, each of GCJ and APD agrees to take such action as is
necessary (i) to cause the number of directors comprising the full Board of
Directors of APD to remain the same.

     Section 1.7. Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action.  If, at any time
after  the Effective Time, GCJ or APD reasonably determines that any deeds,
assignments, or instruments or confirmations of transfer are necessary or
desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement and to vest APD with
full right, title and possession to all assets, property, rights, privileges,
powers and franchises of GCJ, the officers and directors of APD and GCJ are
fully authorized in the name of their respective corporations or otherwise to
take, and will take, all such lawful and necessary or desirable action.

                                  ARTICLE 2

                   Representations and Warranties of APD

     Except as set forth on the Disclosure Schedule delivered by APD to GCJ
(the "APD Disclosure Schedule"), APD hereby represents and warrants to GCJ
as follows:

     Section 2.1. Organization and Qualification.

     (a)  APD is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, has
approximately 42 or more round lot (100 or more shares) stockholders and has
all requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties
and to carry on its businesses as now being conducted, except where the
failure to be so organized, existing and in good standing or to have such
power and authority would not have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined
below) on APD.  When used in connection with APD, the term "Material
Adverse Effect" means any change or effect (i) that is or is reasonably likely
to be materially adverse to the business, results of operations, condition
(financial or otherwise) or prospects of APD, other than any change or
effect arising out of general economic conditions unrelated to any business
in which APD is engaged, or (ii) that may impair the ability of APD to
perform its obligations hereunder or to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby.

     (b) APD has heretofore delivered to GCJ accurate and complete copies of
the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws (or similar governing documents), as
currently in effect, of APD.  Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1 of the APD
Disclosure Schedule, APD is duly qualified or licensed and in good standing
to do business in each jurisdiction in which the property owned, leased or
operated by it or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such
qualification or licensing necessary, except in such jurisdictions where the
failure to be so duly qualified or licensed and in good standing would not
have a Material Adverse Effect on APD.

     Section 2.2. Capitalization of APD.

     (a)  The authorized capital stock of APD consists of: (i) Seventy Million
(70,000,000) Authorized Shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value, 1,448,000
Common shares are issued and outstanding as of December 27, 2004, and held by
approximately 42 or more round lot (100 or more shares) stockholders; (ii)
Five Million (5,000,000) Authorized Shares of Preferred  Stock, $0.001
par value, no Preferred Shares have been issued.  Pursuant to the Merger
Agreement APD will not issue any shares to GCJ, and purchase the 430,000
issued and outstanding of GCJ for cash at par value of $0.001 per share.  All
of the outstanding APD Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued,
and are fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights.  Except as
set forth herein, as of the date hereof, there are no outstanding (i) shares
of capital stock or other voting  securities of APD, (ii) securities of
APD convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock  or voting
securities of APD, (iii) options or other rights to acquire from APD, except
as set forth in 2.2(a) of the Disclosure Schedule, and, no obligations of
APD to issue, any capital stock, voting securities or securities
convertible  into or exchangeable for capital  stock or voting securities of
APD, and (iv) equity equivalents, interests in the ownership or earnings
of APD or other similar rights (collectively, "APD Securities").  As
of the date hereof, except as set forth on Schedule  2.2(a) of  the APD
Disclosure Schedule there are no outstanding obligations of APD or its
subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise  acquire  any  APD
Securities or stockholder agreements, voting trusts or other agreements or
understandings to which APD is a party or by which it is bound  relating to
the voting or registration of any shares of capital stock of APD.  For
purposes of this Agreement, "Lien" means, with respect to any asset
(including, without limitation, any security) any mortgage, lien, pledge,
charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind in respect of  such
asset.

<PAGE>

     (b)  The APD Shares constitute the only class of equity securities of
APD registered or required to be registered under the Exchange Act.

     (c)  APD does not own directly or indirectly more than fifty percent
(50%) of the outstanding voting securities or interests (including membership
interests) of any entity, other than as specifically disclosed in the
disclosure documents.

     Section 2.3. Authority Relative to this Agreement; Recommendation. APD
has  all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.  The
execution  and  delivery  of  this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by the
Board of Directors of APD (the "APD Board") and no other corporate
proceedings on the part of APD are necessary to authorize this Agreement or
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.  This Agreement has been
duly and validly  executed and delivered by APD and constitutes a valid,
legal and  binding agreement of APD, enforceable against APD in accordance
with its terms.

     Section  2.4. SEC Reports; Financial Statements.  SEC Reports; Financial
Statements.

     (a)   APD has not filed any reports with the U. S. Securities and
Exchange Commission.

     Section  2.5. Information Supplied. None of the information supplied or
to be supplied by APD for inclusion or incorporation by reference in
connection with the Merger will at the date presented to the stockholder of
GCJ and at the times of the meeting or meetings of stockholders of APD to be
held in connection with the Merger, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading.

     Section 2.6. Consents and Approvals; No Violations. Except for filings,
permits, authorizations, consents and approvals as may be required under, and
other applicable requirements of, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, state
securities or blue sky laws, the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act
of 1916, as amended (the "HSR Act"), the rules of the National Association
of Securities Dealers, Inc. ("NASD"), the filing and recordation of the

<PAGE>

Merger Certificate as required by the NGCL, and as set forth on Schedule 2.6
of  the  APD Disclosure Schedule no filing with or notice to, and no permit,
authorization, consent or approval of, any court or tribunal or
administrative, governmental or regulatory body, agency or authority (a
"Governmental Entity") is necessary for the execution and delivery by APD of
this Agreement or the consummation by APD of the transactions contemplated
hereby, except where the failure to obtain such permits,  authorizations,
consents  or approvals or to make such filings or give such notice would  not
have a Material Adverse Effect on APD.

     Except as set forth in Section 2.6 of the APD Disclosure Schedule,
neither the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by APD nor
the consummation by APD of the transactions contemplated hereby will (i)
conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of the respective
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (or similar governing documents) of APD,
(ii) result in a violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without  due
notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to  any  right of
termination, amendment, cancellation or acceleration or Lien) under, any of
the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
lease, license, contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to
which APD is a party or by which any of its properties or assets  may  be
bound, or (iii) violate any order, writ, injunction, decree, law, statute,
rule or regulation applicable to APD or any of its properties or assets,
except in the case of (ii) or (iii) for violations, breaches  or  defaults
which would not have a Material Adverse Effect on APD.

     Section 2.7. No Default. Except as set forth in Section 2.7 of the APD
Disclosure Schedule, APD is not in breach, default or violation (and no
event has occurred which with notice or the lapse of time or both would
constitute a breach default or violation) of any term, condition or provision
of (i) its Articles of Incorporation or  Bylaws (or similar governing
documents), (ii) any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license,
contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which APD is now  a
party or by which any of its respective properties or assets may be bound  or
(iii) any order, writ injunction, decree, law, statute, rule or regulation
applicable to APD or any of its respective properties or assets, except in
the case of (ii) or (iii) for violations, breaches or defaults that would not
have a Material Adverse Effect on APD. Except as set forth in Section 2.7 of
the APD Disclosure Schedule, each note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease,
license, contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which APD
is now a party or by which its respective properties or assets may be bound
that is material to APD and that has not expired is in full force and effect
and is not subject to any material default thereunder of which APD is aware
by any party obligated to APD thereunder.

     Section 2.8. No Undisclosed Liabilities; Absence of Changes. Except as
and to the extent disclosed in the December 31,  1999  audited  financial
statements, none of APD or its subsidiaries had any liabilities or
obligations of any nature, whether or not accrued, contingent or otherwise,
that would be required by generally accepted accounting principles to be
reflected on a consolidated balance sheet of APD and its consolidated
subsidiaries (including the notes thereto) or which would  have a Material
Adverse Effect on APD. Except as disclosed by APD, none of APD or its
subsidiaries has incurred any liabilities of any  nature, whether or not
accrued, contingent or otherwise, which could reasonably be expected to have,
and there have been no events, changes or effects with respect to APD or its
subsidiaries having or which could reasonably be expected to have, a Material
Adverse Effect on APD. Except as and to the extent disclosed by APD there
has not been (i) any material change by APD in its accounting methods,
principles or practices (other than as required after the date hereof by
concurrent changes in generally accepted accounting principles), (ii) any
revaluation by APD of any of its assets having a Material Adverse Effect on
APD, including, without limitation, any write-down of the value of  any
assets other than in the ordinary course of business or (iii) any  other
action or event that would have required the consent of any other party
hereto pursuant to Section 4.2 of this Agreement had such action or event
occurred after the date of this Agreement.

     Section 2.9. Litigation. Except as set forth in Schedule 2.9 of the APD
Disclosure Schedule there is no suit, claim, action, proceeding or
investigation pending or, to the knowledge of APD, threatened against APD
or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets
before any Governmental Entity which, individually or in the aggregate, could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on APD or could
reasonably be expected to prevent or delay the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Except as disclosed by APD,
none of APD or its subsidiaries is subject to any outstanding order, writ,
injunction or decree which, insofar as can be reasonably foreseen in the
future, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
APD or could reasonably be expected to prevent or delay the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby.

<PAGE>

     Section 2.10. Compliance with Applicable Law. Except as disclosed by
APD, APD and its subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses, variances,
exemptions, orders and approvals of all Governmental Entities necessary for
the lawful conduct of their respective businesses (the "APD Permits"),
except for failures to hold such permits, licenses, variances, exemptions,
orders and approvals which would not have a Material Adverse Effect on  APD.
Except as disclosed by APD, APD and its subsidiaries are in compliance with
the terms of the APD Permits, except where the failure so to comply would
not have a Material Adverse Effect on APD. Except as disclosed by APD, the
businesses of APD and its subsidiaries are not being conducted in violation
of any law, ordinance or regulation of any Governmental Entity except that no
representation or warranty is made in this Section 2.10 with respect to
Environmental Laws and except for violations or possible violations which do
not, and, insofar as reasonably can be foreseen, in the future will not, have
a Material Adverse Effect on APD. Except as disclosed by APD no
investigation or review by any Governmental Entity with respect to APD or
its subsidiaries is pending or, to the knowledge of APD, threatened, nor, to
the knowledge of APD, has any Governmental Entity indicated an intention to
conduct the same, other than, in each case, those which APD reasonably
believes will not have a Material Adverse Effect on APD.

     Section 2.11. Employee Benefit Plans; Labor Matters.

     (a) Except as set forth in Section 2.11(a) of the APD Disclosure
Schedule with respect to each employee benefit plan, program, policy,
arrangement and contract (including, without limitation, any "employee
benefit plan," as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")), maintained or contributed to at
any time by APD or any entity required to be aggregated with APD pursuant
to Section 414 of the Code (each, a "APD Employee Plan"), no event has
occurred and to the knowledge of APD, no condition or set of circumstances
exists in connection with which APD could reasonably be expected to be
subject to any liability which would have a Material Adverse Effect on APD.

     (b) (i) No APD Employee Plan is or has been subject to Title IV of
ERISA or Section 412 of the Code; and (ii) each APD Employee Plan intended
to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code and each trust intended to
qualify under Section 501(a) of the Code is the subject of a favorable
Internal Revenue Service determination letter, and nothing has occurred which
could reasonably be expected to adversely affect such determination.

     (c) Section 2.11(c) of the APD Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true
and complete list, as of the date of this Agreement, of each person who holds
any APD Stock Options, together with the number of APD Shares  which are
subject to such option, the date of grant of such option, the extent to which
such option is vested (or will become vested as a result of the Merger), the
option price of such option (to the extent determined as of the date hereof),
whether such option is a nonqualified stock option or is intended to qualify
as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section  422(b) of the
Code, and the expiration date of such option. Section 2.11(c) of the APD
Disclosure Schedule also sets forth the total number of such incentive stock
options and such nonqualified options. APD has furnished GCJ with complete
copies of the plans pursuant to which the APD Stock Options were issued.
Other than the automatic vesting of APD Stock Options that may occur without
any action on the part of APD or its officers or directors, APD has not
taken any action that would result in any APD Stock Options that are
unvested becoming vested in connection with or as a result of the execution
and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

     (d) There shall be no payment, accrual of additional benefits,
acceleration of payments, or vesting in any benefit under any APD Employee
Plan or any agreement or arrangement disclosed under this Section 2.11 solely
by reason of entering into or in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.
<PAGE>

     (e)  There are no controversies pending or, to the knowledge of APD,
threatened, between APD and any of their employees, which controversies have
or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on APD.
Neither APD nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any collective
bargaining agreement or other labor union contract applicable to persons
employed by APD or any of its subsidiaries (and neither APD nor any of its
subsidiaries has any outstanding material liability with respect to any
terminated collective bargaining agreement or labor union contract), nor does
APD know of any activities or proceedings of any labor union to organize any
of its or employees.  APD has no knowledge of any strike, slowdown, work
stoppage, lockout or threat thereof, by or with respect to any of its
employees.

     Section 2.12. Environmental Laws and Regulations.

     (a)  Except as publicly disclosed by APD in the APD SEC Reports,  (i)
APD is in material compliance with all applicable federal, state, local  and
foreign laws  and regulations relating to pollution or protection of human
health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air,
surface water, ground water, land surface or subsurface strata)
(collectively, "Environmental Laws"), except for non-compliance that would
not have a Material Adverse Effect on APD, which compliance includes, but is
not limited to, the possession by APD of all material permits and other
governmental authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws, and
compliance with the terms and conditions thereof; (ii) APD has not received
written notice of, or, to the knowledge of APD, is the subject of, any
action, cause of action, claim, investigation, demand or notice by any person
or entity  alleging liability under or non-compliance with any Environmental
Law (an ``Environmental Claim") that could reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on APD; and (iii) to the knowledge of APD, there
are no circumstances that are reasonably likely to prevent or interfere with
such material compliance in the future.

     (b)  Except as publicly disclosed by APD, there are no Environmental
Claims which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on APD that are pending or, to the knowledge of APD, threatened against
APD or, to the knowledge of APD, against any person or entity whose
liability for any Environmental Claim APD has or may have retained or
assumed either contractually or by operation of law.

     Section 2.13.  Tax Matters.

     (a) Except as set forth in Section 2.13 of the APD Disclosure Schedule:
(i)  APD has filed or has had filed on its behalf in a timely manner (within
any applicable  extension periods) with the appropriate Governmental Entity
all income and other material Tax Returns (as defined herein) with respect to
Taxes (as defined herein) of APD and all Tax Returns were in all material
respects true, complete and correct; (ii) all material Taxes with respect to
APD have been paid in full or have been provided for in accordance with GAAP
on APD's most recent balance sheet which is part of the APD SEC Documents.
(iii) there are no outstanding agreements or waivers extending the statutory
period of limitations applicable to any federal, state, local or foreign
income or other material Tax Returns required to be filed by or with respect
to APD;  (iv) to the knowledge of APD none of the Tax Returns of or with
respect to APD is currently being audited or examined by any  Governmental
Entity; and (v) no deficiency for any income or other material Taxes has been
assessed with respect to APD which has not been abated or paid in full.

     (b)  For purposes of this Agreement, (i) "Taxes" shall mean all  taxes,
charges, fees, levies or other assessments, including, without limitation,
income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, goods and services, capital,
transfer, franchise, profits, license, withholding, payroll, employment,
employer health, excise, estimated, severance, stamp, occupation, property or
other taxes, customs duties, fees, assessments or charges of any kind
whatsoever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or
additional amounts imposed by any taxing authority and  (ii)  "Tax Return"
shall mean any report, return, documents declaration or other information  or
filing required to be supplied to any taxing authority or jurisdiction with
respect to Taxes.

     Section  2.14. Title to Property. APD has good and defensible title to
all of its properties and assets, free and clear of all liens, charges and
encumbrances except liens for taxes not yet due and payable and such liens or
other imperfections of title, if any, as do not materially detract from the
value of or interfere with the present use of the property affected thereby
or which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse

<PAGE>

Effect on APD; and, to APD's knowledge, all leases pursuant to which APD
leases from others real or personal property are in good standing, valid  and
effective in accordance with their respective terms, and there is not, to the
knowledge of APD, under any of such leases, any existing material default or
event of default (or event which with notice of lapse of time, or both, would
constitute a default and in respect of which APD has not taken adequate
steps to prevent such a default from occurring) except where the lack of such
good  standing, validity and effectiveness, or the existence of such default
or event, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on APD.

     Section 2.15. Intellectual Property.

     (a)  APD owns, or possesses adequate licenses or other valid rights to
use, all existing United States and foreign patents, trademarks, trade names,
service marks, copyrights, trade secrets and applications therefore that are
material to its business as currently conducted  (the  "APD Intellectual
Property Rights").

     (b)  The validity of the APD Intellectual Property Rights and the title
thereto of APD is not being questioned in any litigation to which APD is a
party.

     (c)  Except as set forth in Section 2.15(c) of the APD Disclosure
Schedule, the conduct of the business of APD as now conducted does not, to
APD's knowledge, infringe  any  valid patents,  trademarks, trade names,
service marks or copyrights of others.  The consummation of the transactions
completed hereby will not result in the loss or impairment of any APD
Intellectual Property Rights.

     (d) APD has taken steps it believes appropriate to protect and maintain
its trade secrets as such, except in cases where APD has elected to rely on
patent or copyright protection in lieu of trade secret protection.

     Section 2.16. Insurance. APD currently maintains general liability and
other business insurance.

     Section  2.17.  Vote Required. Approval of this Acquisition Agreement
and Plan of Merger by the Stockholders of APD is not required pursuant to
current Nevada law.

     Section 2.18. Tax Treatment. Neither APD nor, to the knowledge of APD,
any of its affiliates has taken or agreed to take action that would prevent
the Merger from constituting a reorganization qualifying under the provisions
of Section 368(a) of the Code.

     Section  2.19.  Affiliates.  Except for the directors and executive
officers of  APD, each of whom is listed in Section 2.19 of the APD
Disclosure Schedule, there are no persons who, to the knowledge of APD, may
be deemed to be affiliates of APD under Rule 1-02(b) of Regulation S-X of
the SEC (the "APD Affiliates").

     Section 2.20. Certain Business Practices. None of APD or any directors,
officers, agents or employees of APD has (i) used any funds for unlawful
contributions,  gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to
political activity,  (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic
government officials or employees or to foreign or domestic political parties
or campaigns or violated any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
of 1977, as amended (the "FCPA"), or (iii) made any other unlawful payment.

     Section 2.21. Insider Interests. Except as set forth in Section 2.21 of
the APD Disclosure Schedule, neither any officer or director of APD has any
interest in any material property, real or personal, including without
limitation, any computer software or APD Intellectual Property Rights, used
in or pertaining to the business of APD, expect for the ordinary rights of a
stockholder or employee stock option holder.

     Section 2.22. Opinion of Financial Adviser.  No advisers, as of the date
hereof, have delivered to the APD Board a written opinion to the effect
that, as of such date, the exchange ratio contemplated by the Merger is fair
to the holders of APD Shares.

     Section  2.23.  Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker (other
than the APD Financial Adviser, a true and correct copy of whose engagement
agreement has been provided to GCJ) is entitled to any brokerage, finder's or
other  fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated  by
this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of APD.

<PAGE>

     Section 2.24. Disclosure. No representation or warranty of APD in this
Agreement or any certificate, schedule, document or other instrument
furnished or to be furnished to GCJ pursuant hereto or in connection herewith
contains,  as of the date of such representation, warranty or instrument, or
will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or, at the date thereof,
omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary to make any statement
herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which such statement
is or will be made, not misleading.

     Section  2.25. No Existing Discussions. As of the date hereof, APD is
not engaged, directly or indirectly, in any discussions or negotiations with
any  other  party with respect to any Third Party Acquisition (as defined in
Section 4.4).

                                  ARTICLE 3

                    Representations and Warranties of GCJ

     Except as set forth on the Disclosure Schedule delivered by GCJ to APD
(the "GCJ Disclosure Schedule"), GCJ hereby represents and warrants to APD
as follows:

     Section 3.1. Organization and Qualification.

     (a) Each of GCJ and its subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation
or organization and has all requisite power and authority to own, lease  and
operate its properties and to carry on its businesses as now being conducted,
except where the failure to be so organized, existing and in good standing or
to have such power and authority would not have a Material Adverse Effect (as
defined below) on GCJ. When used in connection with GCJ, the term "Material
Adverse Effect" means any change or effect (i) that is or is reasonably
likely to be materially adverse to the business, results of operations,
condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of GCJ and its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, other than any change or effect arising out of general
economic conditions unrelated to any businesses in which GCJ and its
subsidiaries are engaged, or (ii) that may impair the  ability of GCJ to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

<PAGE>

     (b) GCJ has heretofore delivered to APD accurate and complete copies of
the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws (or similar governing documents), as
currently in effect, of GCJ.  Each of GCJ and its subsidiaries is duly
qualified or licensed and in good standing to do business in each
jurisdiction in which the property owned, leased or operated by it or the
nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification or licensing
necessary except in such jurisdictions where the failure to be so duly
qualified or licensed and in good standing would not have a Material Adverse
Effect on GCJ.

     Section 3.2. Capitalization of GCJ.

     (a)  As of September 30, 2004, the authorized capital stock of GCJ
consists of Seventy Million (70,000,000) GCJ common Shares, $0.001 par value,
of which 430,000 common Shares are issued and outstanding.  All of the
outstanding GCJ Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued, and are
fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights.  GCJ has five million
(5,000,000) Authorized Shares of Preferred  Stock, $0.001 par value, no
Preferred Shares have been issued.

     (b)  Except as set forth in Section 3.2(b) of the GCJ Disclosure
Schedule, J. Chad Guidry is the record and beneficial owner of all of the
issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of its subsidiaries.

     (c)  Except as set forth in Section 3.2(c) of the GCJ Disclosure
Schedule, between March 30, 2004 (inception) and the date hereof, no shares
of GCJ's capital stock have been issued and no GCJ Stock options have been
granted.  Except as set forth in Section 3.2(a) above, as of the date hereof,
there are no outstanding (i) shares of capital stock or other voting securities
of GCJ, (ii) securities of GCJ or its subsidiaries convertible into or
exchangeable for  shares  of capital stock or voting securities of GCJ, (iii)
options or other rights to acquire from GCJ or its subsidiaries, or obligations
of GCJ or its subsidiaries to issue, any capital stock, voting securities or
securities convertible  into or exchangeable for capital stock or voting
securities of GCJ, or (iv) equity equivalents, interests in the ownership  or
earnings of GCJ or its subsidiaries or other similar rights  (collectively,
"GCJ Securities").  As of the date hereof, there are no outstanding
obligations of GCJ or any of its subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any GCJ Securities.  There are no stockholder agreements,
voting trusts or other agreements or understandings to which GCJ is a party
or  by which it is bound relating to the voting or registration of any shares
of capital stock of GCJ.

     (d) Except as set forth in Section 3.2(d) of the GCJ Disclosure
Schedule, there are no securities of GCJ convertible into or exchangeable
for, no options or other rights to acquire from GCJ, and no other contract,
understanding, arrangement or obligation (whether or not contingent)
providing for the issuance or sale, directly or indirectly, of any capital
stock or other ownership interests in, or any other securities of, any
subsidiary of GCJ.

     (e) The GCJ Shares constitute the only class of equity securities of GCJ
or its subsidiaries.

     (f) Except as set forth in Section 3.2(f) of the GCJ Disclosure
Schedule, GCJ does not own directly or indirectly any outstanding voting
securities or interests (including membership interests) of any entity.

     Section 3.3. Authority Relative to this Agreement; Recommendation.

     (a) GCJ has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by
the Board of Directors of GCJ (the "GCJ Board"), and no other corporate
proceedings on the part of GCJ are necessary to authorize this Agreement or
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, except, as referred to in
Section 3.17, the approval and adoption of this Agreement by the holders of
at least a majority of the then outstanding GCJ Shares. This Agreement has
been  duly and validly executed and delivered by GCJ and constitutes a valid,
legal and binding agreement of GCJ, enforceable against GCJ in accordance
with its terms.

     (b) The GCJ Board has resolved to recommend that the sole stockholder of
GCJ approved and adopted this Agreement.

<PAGE>

     Section 3.4. SEC Reports; Financial Statements.

     (a) GCJ has filed all required forms, reports and documents with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") since March 30, 2004, each
of which has complied in all material respects with all applicable
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities
Act"), and the Exchange Act (and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, respectively), each as in effect on the dates such forms, reports
and  documents were filed.  GCJ has heretofore delivered or promptly will
deliver prior to the Effective Date to GCJ, in the form filed with the SEC
(including any amendments thereto but excluding any exhibits), (i) its
initial Registration Statement on Form 10SB12G filed May 3, 2004, (ii) all
other reports or registration statements filed by GCJ with the SEC since its
inception on March 30, 2004 (all of the foregoing, collectively, the "GCJ SEC
Reports"). None of such GCJ SEC Reports, including, without limitation, any
financial statements or schedules included or incorporated by reference
therein, contained, when filed, any untrue statement of a material fact or
omitted to state a material fact required to be stated or incorporated by
reference therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  The
audited financial statements of GCJ included in the GCJ SEC Reports fairly
present, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied
on a consistent basis (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto), the
financial position of GCJ as of the dates thereof and its results of operations
and changes in financial position for the periods then ended. All material
agreements, contracts and other documents required to be filed as exhibits to
any of the GCJ SEC Reports have been so filed.

     (b) GCJ has heretofore made available or promptly will make available to
APD a complete and correct copy of any amendments or modifications which are
required to be filed with the SEC but have not yet been filed with the SEC,
to agreements, documents or other instruments which previously had been filed
by GCJ with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act.

     Section 3.5. Information Supplied.  None of the information supplied or
to be supplied by GCJ for inclusion or incorporation by reference to the 8-K
will, at the time the 8-K is filed with the SEC and at the time it becomes
effective under the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

     Section 3.6. Consents and Approvals; No Violations. Except as set forth
in Section 3.6 of the GCJ Disclosure Schedule, and for filings, permits,
authorizations, consents and approvals as may be required under, and other
applicable requirements of, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, state
securities or blue sky laws, the HSR Act, the rules of the NASD, and the
filing and recordation of the Merger Certificate as required by the NGCL, no
filing with or notice to, and no permit, authorization, consent or approval
of, any Governmental Entity is necessary for the execution and delivery by
GCJ of this Agreement or the consummation by GCJ of the transactions
contemplated hereby, except where the failure to obtain such permits,
authorizations consents or approvals or to make such filings or give such
notice would not have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ.

     Neither the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by GCJ
nor the consummation by GCJ of the transactions contemplated hereby will (i)
conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of the respective
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (or similar governing documents) of GCJ
or  any of GCJ's subsidiaries, (ii) result in a violation or breach  of,  or
constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default
(or give rise to any right of termination, amendment, cancellation or
acceleration or Lien) under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of
any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license, contract, agreement or
other instrument or obligation to which GCJ or any of GCJ's subsidiaries is a
party or by which any of them or any of their respective properties or assets
may be bound or (iii) violate any order, writ, injunction, decree, law,
statute, rule or regulation applicable to GCJ or any of GCJ's subsidiaries or
any of their respective properties or assets, except in the case of (ii) or
(iii) for violations, breaches or defaults which would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on GCJ.

     Section 3.7. No Default. GCJ is not in breach, default or violation (and
no event has occurred which with notice or the lapse of time or both would
constitute a breach, default or violation) of any  term, condition or
provision of (i) its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (or similar governing
documents), (ii) any  note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license,
contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which GCJ or any of
its subsidiaries is now a party or by which any of them or any of their
respective properties or assets may be bound or (iii) any order, writ,
injunction, decree, law, statute, rule or regulation applicable to GCJ, its
subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets, except in the
case of (ii) or (iii) for violations,  breaches  or

<PAGE>

defaults that would not have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ. Each note,
bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license, contract, agreement or other
instrument or obligation to which GCJ or any of its subsidiaries is now a
party or by which any of them or any of their respective properties or assets
may be bound that is material to GCJ and its subsidiaries taken as a whole
and that has not expired is in full force and effect and is not subject to
any material default thereunder of which GCJ is aware by any party obligated
to GCJ or any subsidiary thereunder.

     Section  3.8. No Undisclosed Liabilities; Absence of Changes. Except as
set forth in Section 2.8 of the GCJ Disclosure Schedule and except as and to
the extent publicly disclosed by GCJ in the GCJ SEC Reports, as of  December
31, 2003, GCJ does not have any liabilities or obligations of  any nature,
whether or not accrued, contingent or otherwise, that would be required by
generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected on a balance sheet
of GCJ (including the notes thereto) or which would have a Material Adverse
Effect on GCJ. Except as publicly disclosed by GCJ, since December 31, 2003,
GCJ has not incurred any liabilities of any nature, whether or not accrued,
contingent or otherwise, which could reasonably be expected to have, and
there have been no events, changes or effects with respect to GCJ having  or
which reasonably could be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ.
Except as and to the extent publicly disclosed by GCJ in the GCJ SEC Reports
and except as set forth in Section 2.8 of the GCJ Disclosure Schedule, since
March 30, 2004, there has not been (i) any material change by GCJ in its
accounting methods, principles or practices (other than as required after the
date hereof by concurrent changes in generally accepted accounting
principles), (ii) any revaluation by GCJ of any of its assets having a
Material Adverse Effect on GCJ, including, without limitation, any write-down
of the value of any assets other than in the ordinary course of business or
(iii) any other action or event that would have required the consent of any
other party hereto pursuant to Section 4.1 of this Agreement had such action
or event occurred after the date of this Agreement.

     Section 3.9. Litigation. Except as publicly disclosed by GCJ in the GCJ
SEC Reports, there is no suit, claim, action, proceeding or investigation
pending or, to the knowledge of GCJ, threatened against GCJ or any of its
subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets before any
Governmental Entity which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ or could reasonably be
expected to prevent or delay the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.  Except as publicly disclosed by GCJ in the
GCJ SEC Reports, GCJ is not subject to any outstanding order, writ,
injunction or decree which, insofar as can be reasonably foreseen in the
future, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ
or could reasonably be expected to prevent or delay the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.

     Section 3.10. Compliance with Applicable Law. Except as publicly
disclosed by GCJ in the GCJ SEC Reports, GCJ holds all permits, licenses,
variances, exemptions, orders and approvals of all Governmental Entities
necessary for the lawful conduct of their respective businesses (the `'GCJ
Permits"), except for failures to hold such permits, licenses, variances,
exemptions, orders and approvals which would not have a Material Adverse
Effect on GCJ. Except as publicly disclosed by GCJ in the GCJ SEC Reports,
GCJ is in compliance with the terms of the GCJ Permits, except where the
failure so to comply would not have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ. Except
as publicly disclosed by GCJ in the GCJ SEC Reports, the business of GCJ  is
not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any
Governmental Entity except that no representation or warranty is made in this
Section 2.10 with respect to Environmental Laws (as defined in Section 2.12
below) and except for violations or possible violations which do not, and,
insofar as reasonably can be foreseen, in the  future  will not, have a
Material Adverse Effect on GCJ. Except as publicly disclosed by GCJ in the
GCJ SEC Reports, no investigation or review by any Governmental Entity with
respect to GCJ is pending or, to the knowledge of GCJ, threatened, nor, to
the knowledge of GCJ, has any Governmental Entity indicated an intention to
conduct the same, there than, in each case, those which GCJ reasonably
believes will not have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ.

     Section 3.11. Employee Benefit Plans; Labor Matters.

     (a) With respect to each employee benefit plan, program, policy,
arrangement and contract (including,  without limitation, any "employee
benefit plan," as defined in Section 3(3) of  ERISA), maintained or
contributed to at any time by GCJ, any of its subsidiaries or any entity
required to be aggregated with GCJ or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to

<PAGE>

Section 414 of the Code (each, a "GCJ Employee Plan"), no event has occurred
and, to the knowledge of GCJ, no condition or set of circumstances exists in
connection with which GCJ or any of its subsidiaries could reasonably be
expected to be subject to any liability which would have a Material Adverse
Effect on GCJ.

     (b) (i) No GCJ Employee Plan is or has been subject to Title IV of ERISA
or Section 412 of the Code; and (ii) each GCJ Employee Plan intended to
qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code and each trust intended to qualify
under Section 501(a) of the Code is the subject of a favorable Internal
Revenue Service determination letter, and nothing has occurred which could
reasonably be expected to adversely affect such determination.

     (c) Section 3.11(c) of the GCJ Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and
complete list, as of the date of this Agreement, of each person who holds any
GCJ Stock Options, together with the number of GCJ Shares which are  subject
to such option, the date of grant of such option, the extent to which  such
option is vested (or will become vested as a result of the Merger), the
option price of such option (to the extent determined as of the date hereof),
whether such option is a nonqualified stock option or is intended to qualify
as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the
Code, and the expiration date of such option. Section 3.11(c) of the GCJ
Disclosure Schedule also sets forth the total number of such incentive stock
options and such nonqualified options. GCJ has furnished APD with complete
copies of the plans pursuant to which the GCJ Stock Options were issued.
Other than the automatic vesting of GCJ Stock Options that may occur without
any action on the part of GCJ or its officers or directors, GCJ has not taken
any action that would result in any GCJ Stock Options that are unvested
becoming vested in connection with or as a result of the execution and
delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

     (d) Except as disclosed in Section 3.11(e) of the GCJ Disclosure
Schedule there shall be no payment, accrual of additional benefits,
acceleration of payments, or vesting in any benefit under any GCJ Employee
Plan or any agreement or arrangement disclosed under this Section 3.11 solely
by reason of entering into or in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

     (e) There  are no controversies pending or, to the knowledge of GCJ
threatened, between GCJ or any of its subsidiaries and any of their
respective employees, which controversies have or could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ. Neither GCJ nor any of its
subsidiaries is a party to any collective bargaining agreement or other labor
union contract applicable to persons employed by GCJ or any of its
subsidiaries (and neither GCJ nor any of its subsidiaries has any outstanding
material liability with respect to any terminated collective bargaining
agreement or labor union contract), nor does GCJ know of any activities or
proceedings of any labor union to organize any of its or any of its
subsidiaries' employees. GCJ has no knowledge of any strike, slowdown, work
stoppage, lockout or threat thereof by or with respect to any of its or any
of its subsidiaries' employees.

     Section 3.12. Environmental Laws and Regulations.

     (a) Except as disclosed by GCJ, (i) each of GCJ and its subsidiaries is
in material compliance with all Environmental Laws, except for non-compliance
that would not have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ, which compliance
includes, but is not limited to, the possession by GCJ and its  subsidiaries
of  all material permits and other governmental authorizations required under
applicable Environmental Laws, and compliance with the terms and conditions
thereof;(ii) none of GCJ or its subsidiaries has received written notice of,
or, to the knowledge of GCJ, is the subject of, any Environmental Claim that
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on  GCJ; and
(iii) to the knowledge of GCJ, there are no circumstances that are reasonably
likely to prevent or interfere with such material compliance in the future.

     (b) Except as disclosed by GCJ, there are no Environmental Claims which
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ that
are pending or, to the knowledge of GCJ, threatened against GCJ or any of its
subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of GCJ, against any person or entity  whose
liability for any Environmental Claim GCJ or its subsidiaries has or may have
retained or assumed either contractually or by operation of law.

     Section  3.13. Tax Matters. Except as set forth in Section 3.13 of the
GCJ Disclosure Schedule: (i) GCJ and each of its subsidiaries has filed or
has had filed on its behalf in a timely manner (within any applicable
extension periods) with the appropriate Governmental Entity all income and
other material Tax Returns with respect to Taxes of GCJ  and each of its
subsidiaries and all Tax Returns were in all material respects true, complete
and correct; (ii) all material Taxes with respect to GCJ and each of its
subsidiaries have been paid in full or have been provided for in accordance
with GAAP on GCJ's most recent balance sheet which is part of the GCJ SEC
Documents; (iii) there are no outstanding agreements or waivers extending the
statutory period of limitations applicable to any federal, state, local or
foreign income or other material Tax Returns required to be filed by or  with
respect to GCJ or its subsidiaries; (iv) to the knowledge of GCJ none of the
Tax Returns of or with respect to GCJ or any of its subsidiaries is currently
being audited or examined by any Governmental Entity; and (v) no deficiency
for any income or other material Taxes has been assessed with respect to GCJ
or any of its subsidiaries which has not been abated or paid in full.

     Section 3.14. Title to Property. GCJ and each of its subsidiaries have
good and defensible title to all of their properties and assets, free and
clear of all liens, charges and encumbrances except liens for taxes not yet
due and payable and such liens or other imperfections of title, if any, as do
not materially detract from the value of or interfere with the present use of
the property affected thereby or which, individually or in the aggregate,
would not have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ; and, to GCJ's knowledge, all
leases  pursuant to which GCJ or any of its subsidiaries lease  from others
real or personal property are in good standing, valid and effective in
accordance with their respective terms, and there is not, to the knowledge of
GCJ, under any of such leases, any existing material default or event of
default (or event which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would
constitute a material default and in respect of which GCJ or such subsidiary
has not taken adequate steps to prevent such a default from occurring) except
where the lack of such good standing, validity and effectiveness, or the
existence of such default or event of default would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on GCJ.

     Section 3.15. Intellectual Property.

     (a)  Each  of  GCJ and its subsidiaries owns, or possesses adequate
licenses or other valid rights to use, all existing United States and foreign
patents, trademarks, trade names, services marks, copyrights, trade secrets,
and applications therefore that are material to its business as currently
conducted (the "GCJ Intellectual Property Rights").

     (b) Except as set forth in Section 3.15(b) of the GCJ Disclosure
Schedule the validity of the GCJ Intellectual Property Rights and the title
thereto of GCJ or any subsidiary, as the case may be, is not being questioned
in any litigation to which GCJ or any subsidiary is a party.

     (c) The conduct of the business of GCJ as now conducted does not, to
GCJ's knowledge, infringe any valid patents, trademarks, trade names, service
marks or copyrights of others. The consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby will not result in the loss or impairment of any GCJ
Intellectual Property Rights.

     (d) GCJ has taken steps it believes appropriate to protect and maintain
its trade secrets as such, except in cases where GCJ has elected to rely on
patent or copyright protection in lieu of trade secret protection.

     Section  3.16.  Insurance. GCJ currently does not maintain general
liability and other business insurance.

     Section 3.17. Vote Required. The affirmative vote of the holders of at
least a majority of the outstanding GCJ Shares is the  only vote of the
holders of any class or series of GCJ's capital stock necessary to approve
and adopt this Agreement and the Merger.

     Section 3.18. Tax Treatment. Neither GCJ nor, to the knowledge of GCJ,
any of its affiliates has taken or agreed to take any action that would
prevent the Merger from constituting a reorganization qualifying under the
provisions of Section 368(a) of the Code.

     Section 3.19. Affiliates. Except for the directors and executive
officers of GCJ, each of whom is listed in Section 3.19 of the GCJ Disclosure
Schedule, there are no persons who, to the knowledge of GCJ, may be deemed to
be  affiliates of GCJ under Rule 1-02(b) of Regulation S-X of the SEC (the
"GCJ Affiliates").

     Section 3.20. Certain Business Practices. None of GCJ, any of its
subsidiaries or any directors, officers, agents or employees of GCJ or any of
its  subsidiaries has (i) used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts,
entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity, (ii)
made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or
employees or to foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns or
violated any provision of the FCPA, or (iii) made any other unlawful payment.

     Section 3.21. Insider Interests. Except as set forth in Section 3.21 of
the GCJ Disclosure Schedule, no officer or director of GCJ has any interest
in any material property, real or personal, including without limitation, any
computer  software or GCJ Intellectual Property Rights, used in or pertaining
to the business of GCJ or any subsidiary, except for the ordinary rights of a
stockholder or employee stock option holder.

     Section 3.22. Opinion of Financial Adviser. No advisers, as of the date
hereof, have delivered to the GCJ Board a written opinion to the effect that,
as of such date, the exchange ratio contemplated by the Merger is fair to the
holders of GCJ Shares.

     Section 3.23. Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker (other
than the GCJ Financial Adviser, a true and correct copy of whose engagement
agreement has been provided to APD) is entitled to any brokerage, finders or
other fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of GCJ.

     Section 3.24. Disclosure. No representation or warranty of GCJ in this
Agreement or any certificate, schedule, document or other instrument
furnished or to be furnished to APD pursuant hereto or in connection
herewith contains, as of the date of such representation, warranty or
instrument, or will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or, at
the date thereof, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary  to
make any statement herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under
which such statement is or will be made, not misleading.

     Section 3.25. No Existing Discussions. As of the date hereof, GCJ is not
engaged, directly or indirectly, in any discussions or negotiations with  any
other party with respect to any Third Party Acquisition (as defined in
Section 5.4).


                                  ARTICLE 4

                                  Covenants

     Section 4.1. Conduct of Business of APD. Except as contemplated by this
Agreement or as described in Section 4.1 of the APD Disclosure Schedule,
during the period from the date hereof to the Effective Time, APD will
conduct its operations in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice and, to the extent consistent therewith, with no less diligence
and effort than would be applied in the absence of this Agreement, seek to
preserve intact its current business organization, keep available the service
of its current officers and employees and preserve its relationships with
customers, suppliers and others having business dealings with it to the end
that goodwill and ongoing businesses shall be unimpaired at the Effective
Time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as otherwise
expressly provided in this Agreement or as described in Section 4.1 of the
APD Disclosure Schedule, prior to the Effective Time, APD will not, without
the prior written consent of GCJ:

     (a) amend its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (or other similar
governing instrument);

     (b) amend the terms of any stock of any class or any other securities
(except bank loans) or equity equivalents.

     (c) split, combine or reclassify any shares of its capital stock,
declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution (whether in
cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect of its capital
stock, make any other actual, constructive or deemed distribution in respect
of its capital stock or otherwise make any payments to stockholders in their
capacity as such, or redeem or otherwise acquire any of its securities;

     (d) adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution,
merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other
reorganization of APD (other than the Merger);

     (e) (i) incur or assume any long-term or short-term debt or issue any
debt securities except for borrowings or issuances of letters of credit under
existing lines of credit in the ordinary course of business; (ii) assume,
guarantee, endorse or otherwise become liable or responsible (whether
directly, contingently or otherwise) for the obligations of any other person.
(iii) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments
in, any other person; (iv) pledge or otherwise encumber shares of capital
stock of APD; or (v) mortgage or pledge any of its material assets, or
create or suffer to exist any material Lien thereupon (other than tax  Liens
for taxes not yet due);

     (f) except as may be required by law, enter into, adopt or amend or
terminate any bonus, profit sharing, compensation, severance, termination,
stock option, stock appreciation right, restricted stock, performance unit,
stock equivalent, stock purchase agreement, pension, retirement, deferred
compensation, employment, severance or other employee benefit agreement,
trust, plan, fund or other arrangement for the benefit or welfare of any
director, officer or employee in any manner, or increase in any  manner the
compensation or fringe benefits of any director, officer or employee or pay
any benefit not required by any plan and arrangement as in effect as of the
date hereof (including, without limitation, the granting of stock
appreciation rights or performance units); provided, however, that this
paragraph (f) shall not prevent APD from (i) entering into employment
agreements or severance agreements with employees in the ordinary course of
business and consistent with past practice or (ii) increasing annual
compensation and/or providing for or amending bonus arrangements for
employees or fiscal 2000 in the ordinary course of year-end compensation
reviews consistent with past practice and paying bonuses to employees for
fiscal 2000 in amounts previously disclosed to GCJ (to the extent that such
compensation increases and new or amended bonus arrangements do not result in
a material increase in benefits or compensation expense to APD);

     (g) acquire, sell, lease or dispose of any assets in any single
transaction or series of related transactions (other than in the ordinary
course of business);

     (h) except as may be required as a result of a change in law or in
generally accepted accounting principles, change any of the accounting
principles or practices used by it;

     (i) revalue in any material respect any of its assets including, without
limitation, writing down the value of inventory or writing-off  notes or
accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course of business;

     (j) (i) acquire (by merger, consolidation, or acquisition of stock or
assets) any corporation, partnership or other business organization or
division thereof or any equity interest therein; (ii) enter into any contract
or agreement other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice which would be material to APD; (iii) authorize any new
capital expenditure or expenditures which, individually is in excess of
$1,000 or, in the aggregate, are in excess of $5,000; provided, however that
none of the foregoing shall limit any capital expenditure required pursuant
to existing contracts;

     (k) make any tax election or settle or compromise any income tax
liability material to APD;

     (l) settle or compromise any pending or threatened suit, action or claim
which (i) relates to the transactions contemplated hereby or (ii) the
settlement or compromise of which could have a Material Adverse Effect on
APD;

     (m) commence any material research and development project or terminate
any material research and development project that is currently ongoing, in
either case, except pursuant to the terms of existing contracts or in the
ordinary course of business; or

     (n) take, or agree in writing or otherwise to take, any of the actions
described in Sections 4.1(a) through 4.1(m) or any action which would make
any of the representations or warranties of contained in this Agreement
untrue or incorrect.

     Section 4.2. Conduct of Business of GCJ. Except as contemplated by this
Agreement or as described in Section 4.2 of the GCJ Disclosure Schedule
during the  period from the date hereof to the Effective Time, GCJ will
conduct its operations in the ordinary course of business  consistent with
past practice and, to the extent consistent therewith, with no less diligence
and effort than would be applied in the absence of this Agreement, seek to
preserve intact its current business organization, keep available the service
of its  current officers and employees and preserve its relationships with
customers, suppliers and others having business dealings with it to the end
that goodwill and ongoing businesses shall be unimpaired at the Effective
Time.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as otherwise
expressly provided in this Agreement or as described in Section 4.2 of the
GCJ  Disclosure Schedule, prior to the Effective Time, GCJ will not, without
the prior written consent of:

     (a) amend its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (or other similar
governing instrument);

     (b) authorize for issuance, issue, sell, deliver or agree or commit to
issue, sell or deliver (whether through the issuance or granting of options,
warrants, commitments, subscriptions, rights to purchase or otherwise) any
stock of any class or any other securities (except bank loans) or equity
equivalents (including, without limitation, any stock options or stock
appreciation rights;

       (c) split, combine or reclassify any shares of its capital stock,
declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution (whether  in
cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect of its capital
stock, make any other actual, constructive or deemed distribution in respect
of its capital stock or otherwise make any payments to stockholders in their
capacity as such, or redeem or otherwise acquire any of its securities;

<PAGE>

     (d) adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger
consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of GCJ
(other than the Merger);

     (e)  (i) incur or assume any long-term or short-term debt or issue any
debt securities except for borrowings or issuances of letters of credit under
existing lines of credit in the ordinary course of business. (ii)  assume,
guarantee, endorse or otherwise become liable or responsible (whether
directly, contingently or otherwise) for the obligations of any other person;
(iii) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to or investments in,
any other person; (iv) pledge or otherwise encumber shares of capital stock
of GCJ or its subsidiaries; or (v) mortgage or pledge any of its material
assets, or create or suffer to exist any material Lien thereupon (other than
tax Liens for taxes not yet due);

     (f)  except  as may be required by law, enter into, adopt or amend or
terminate any bonus, profit sharing, compensation, severance, termination,
stock option, stock appreciation right, restricted stock, performance  unit
stock  equivalent, stock purchase agreement, pension, retirement, deferred
compensation, employment,  severance or other  employee benefit agreement,
trust, plan, fund or other arrangement for the benefit or welfare of any
director, officer or employee in any manner, or increase in any  manner the
compensation or fringe benefits of any director, officer or employee or pay
any  benefit not required by any plan and arrangement as in effect as of the
date hereof (including, without limitation, the granting of stock
appreciation rights or performance units); provided, however, that this
paragraph  (f)  shall not prevent GCJ or its subsidiaries from  (i) entering
into employment agreements or severance agreements with employees in the
ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice or (ii)
increasing annual compensation and/or providing for or amending  bonus
arrangements for employees for fiscal 2003 in the ordinary course of yearend
compensation  reviews  consistent with past practice and paying bonuses to
employees for fiscal 2003 in amounts previously disclosed to (to the extent
that such compensation increases and new or amended bonus arrangements do not
result in a material increase in benefits or compensation expense to GCJ);

     (g)  acquire, sell, lease or dispose of any assets in any single
transaction or series of related transactions other than in the ordinary
course of business;

     (h)  except as may be required as a result of a change in law or in
generally accepted accounting principles, change any of the accounting
principles or practices used by it;

     (i)  revalue in any material respect any of its assets, including,
without limitation, writing down the value of inventory of writing-off  notes
or accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course of business;

     (j)  (i)  acquire (by merger, consolidation, or acquisition of stock or
assets) any corporation,  partnership, or other  business  organization or
division thereof or any equity interest therein; (ii) enter into any contract
or  agreement  other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice which would be material to GCJ; (iii) authorize any new capital
expenditure or expenditures which, individually, is in excess of $1,000 or,
in the aggregate, are in excess of $5,000: provided, however that none of the
foregoing  shall limit any capital expenditure required pursuant to existing
contracts;

     (k)  make any tax election or settle or compromise any income tax
liability material to GCJ and its subsidiaries taken as a whole;

     (l) settle or compromise any pending or threatened suit, action or claim
which (i) relates to the transactions contemplated hereby or (ii) the
settlement or compromise of which could have a Material Adverse Effect on
GCJ;

     (m)  commence any material research and development project or terminate
any  material research and development project that is currently ongoing, in
either case, except pursuant to the terms of existing contracts or except in
the ordinary course of business; or

     (n)  take, or agree in writing or otherwise to take, any of the actions
described in Sections 4.2(a) through 4.2(m) or any action which would make
any of the representations or warranties of the GCJ contained in this
Agreement untrue or incorrect.

<PAGE>

     Section  4.3. Preparation of 8-K.  GCJ and APD shall promptly prepare
and file with the SEC an 8-K disclosing this merger with audited financials
of APD along with pro forma combined statements.

     Section 4.4. Other Potential Acquirers.

     (a)  GCJ, its affiliates and their respective officers, directors,
employees, representatives and agents shall immediately cease any existing
discussions or negotiations, if any, with any parties conducted heretofore
with respect to any Third Party Acquisition.

     Section 4.6. Access to Information.

     (a)  Between the date hereof and the Effective Time, APD will give GCJ
and its authorized representatives, and GCJ will give APD and its authorized
representatives, reasonable  access to all employees, plants, offices,
warehouses  and other facilities and to all books and records of  itself and
its  subsidiaries, will permit the other party to make such  inspections as
such  party may reasonably require and will cause its officers and those of
its subsidiaries to furnish the other party with such financial and operating
data and other information with respect to the business and properties of
itself and its subsidiaries  as the other party may from time to time
reasonably request.

     (b)  Between the date hereof and the Effective Time, APD shall furnish
to  GCJ, and GCJ will furnish to APD, within 25 business days after the end
of  each  quarter, quarterly statements prepared by such party in conformity
with its past practices) as of the last day of the period then ended.

     (c)  Each of the parties hereto will hold and will cause its consultants
and advisers to hold in confidence all documents and information furnished to
it in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     Section 4.7. Additional Agreements, Reasonable Efforts.  Subject to the
terms  and  conditions herein provided, each of the parties hereto agrees to
use all reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all action, and to
do, or cause to be done, all things reasonably necessary, proper or advisable
under  applicable laws and regulations to consummate and make effective the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation,
(i)  cooperating in the preparation and filing of the 8-K, any  filings  that
may be required under the HSR Act, and any amendments to any thereof;  (ii)
obtaining consents of all third parties and Governmental Entities necessary,
proper or advisable for the consummation of the transactions contemplated  by
this  Agreement; (iii) contesting any legal proceeding relating to the Merger
and  (iv) the execution of any additional instruments necessary to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, GCJ and APD agree to use all reasonable efforts to cause the
Effective  Time to occur as soon as practicable after the stockholder votes
with respect to the Merger. In case at any time after the Effective Time any
further action is necessary to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, the
proper officers and directors of each party hereto shall take all such
necessary action.

     Section 4.8. Indemnification.

     (a)  To the extent, if any, not provided by an existing right under one
of the parties' directors and officers liability insurance policies, from and
after the Effective Time, APD shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, indemnify, defend and hold harmless each person who is now,
or has been at any time prior to the date hereof, or who becomes prior to the
Effective Time, a director, officer or employee of the parties hereto or any
subsidiary thereof (each an "Indemnified Party" and, collectively, the
"Indemnified Parties") against all losses, expenses (including reasonable
attorneys' fees and expenses), claims, damages or liabilities or, subject to
the  proviso  of  the  next succeeding sentence, amounts paid in settlement

<PAGE>

arising out of actions or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective
Time and whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or after the Effective
Time) that are in whole or in part (i) based on, or arising out of the fact
that such person is or was a director, officer or employee of such party or a
subsidiary of such party or (ii) based on, arising out of or pertaining to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  In the event of any such
loss expense, claim, damage or liability (whether or not arising before the
Effective Time), (i)  APD shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of
counsel selected by the Indemnified  Parties, which counsel shall be
reasonably satisfactory to APD, promptly after statements therefore are
received  and  otherwise advance to such Indemnified Party upon request
reimbursement of documented expenses reasonably incurred, in either case to
the extent not prohibited by the NGCL or its Articles of Incorporation or
bylaws, (ii) APD will cooperate in the defense of any such matter and  (iii)
any determination required to be made with respect to whether an Indemnified
Party's conduct complies with the standards set forth under the NGCL and
APD's Articles of Incorporation and bylaws shall be made by independent
counsel mutually acceptable to APD and the Indemnified  Party; provided,
however, that  APD shall not be liable for any settlement effected without
its written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld).  The
Indemnified Parties as a group may retain only one law firm with respect to
each related matter except to the extent there is, in the opinion of counsel
to an Indemnified Party, under applicable standards of professional conduct,
conflict on any significant issue between positions of any two or more
Indemnified Parties.

     (b)  In the event APD or any of its successors or assigns (i)
consolidates with or merges into any other person and shall not be the
continuing or surviving corporation or entity or such consolidation or merger
or (ii) transfers all or substantially all of its properties and assets to
any person, then and in either such case, proper provision shall be made so
that the successors  and assigns of APD shall assume the obligations set
forth in this Section 4.9.

     (c) To the fullest extent permitted by law, from and after the Effective
Time, all rights to indemnification now existing in favor of the employees,
agents, directors or officers of APD and GCJ and their subsidiaries with
respect to their activities as such prior to the Effective Time, as provided
in APD's and GCJ's Articles of Incorporation or bylaws, in effect on the
date thereof or otherwise in effect on the date hereof, shall survive the
Merger and shall continue in full force and effect for a period of not less
than two years from the Effective Time.

     (d)  The provisions  of this Section 4.9 are intended to be for the
benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Party, his or her
heirs and his or her representatives.

     Section 4.9. Notification of Certain Matters.  The parties hereto shall
give prompt notice to the other parties, of (i) the  occurrence or
nonoccurrence of any event the occurrence or nonoccurrence of which would be
likely to cause any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement to
be  untrue or inaccurate in any material respect at or prior to the Effective
Time, (ii) any material failure of such party to comply with or satisfy any
covenant, condition  or agreement to be complied with  or  satisfied  by it
hereunder, (iii) any notice of, or other communication relating to, a default
or event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a default,
received by such party or any of its subsidiaries subsequent to the date of
this Agreement and prior to the Effective Time, under any contract or
agreement  material to the financial condition, properties, businesses or
results of operations of such party and its subsidiaries taken as a whole to
which such party or any of its subsidiaries is a party or is subject, (iv)
any  notice or other communication from any third party alleging that the
consent of such third party is or may be required in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (v) any material adverse
change in their respective financial condition,  properties, businesses,
results of operations or prospects taken as a whole, other than changes
resulting from general economic conditions; provided, however, that the
delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 4.10 shall not cure such
breach or non-compliance or limit or otherwise affect the remedies available
hereunder to the party receiving such notice.

<PAGE>



                                 ARTICLE 5

                  Conditions to Consummation of the Merger

     Section  5.1.  Conditions to Each Party's Obligations to Effect the
Merger. The respective obligations of each party hereto to effect the Merger
are  subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time of the
following conditions:

     (a) this Agreement shall have been approved and adopted by the requisite
vote of the stockholders of GCJ;

     (b) this Agreement shall have been approved and adopted by the Board of
Directors of APD and GCJ;

     (c)  no  statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or
injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or enforced by any
United  States court or United States governmental authority which prohibits,
restrains, enjoins or restricts the consummation of the Merger;

     (d)  any waiting period applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act shall
have  terminated or expired, and any other governmental or regulatory notices
or  approvals  required with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
shall have been either filed or received; and

     Section  5.2.  Conditions to the Obligations of APD. The obligation of
APD to effect the Merger is subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the
Effective Time of the following conditions:

     (a)  the representations of GCJ contained in this Agreement or in any
other document delivered pursuant hereto shall be true and correct (except to
the extent that the breach thereof would not have a Material Adverse Effect
on GCJ) at and as of the Effective Time with the same effect as if made at
and as of the Effective Time (except to the extent  such  representations
specifically related to an earlier date, in which case such representations
shall be true and correct as of such earlier date), and at the Closing GCJ
shall have delivered to APD a certificate to that effect;

     (b)  each of the covenants and obligations of GCJ to be performed at or
before the Effective Time pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall have
been duly performed in all material respects at or before the Effective Time
and at the Closing GCJ shall have delivered to APD a certificate to that
effect;

     (d) GCJ shall have obtained the consent or approval of each person whose
consent or approval  shall be required in order to permit the  Merger as
relates to any obligation, right or interest of GCJ under any loan or credit
agreement, note, mortgage, indenture, lease or other agreement or instrument,
except those for which failure to obtain such consents and approvals would
not, in the reasonable opinion of APD, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ;

     (e) there shall have been no events, changes or effects with respect to
GCJ  or its subsidiaries having or which could reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ; and

     Section  5.3.  Conditions to the Obligations of GCJ.  The respective
obligations of GCJ to effect the Merger are subject to the satisfaction at or
prior to the Effective Time of the following conditions:

     (a)  the representations of APD contained in this Agreement or in any
other document delivered pursuant hereto shall be true and correct (except to
the extent that the breach thereof would not have a Material Adverse Effect
on APD) at and as of the Effective Time with the same effect as if made at
and as of the Effective Time (except to the extent such representations
specifically related to an earlier date, in which case such representations
shall be true and correct as of such earlier date), and at the Closing APD
shall have delivered to GCJ a certificate to that effect;

     (b) each of the covenants and obligations of APD to be performed at or
before the Effective Time pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall have
been duly performed in all material respects at or before the Effective Time
and at  the Closing APD shall have delivered to GCJ a certificate to that
effect;

<PAGE>

     (c) there shall have been no events, changes or effects with respect  to
APD  having or which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on APD.

                                  ARTICLE 6

                       Termination; Amendment; Waiver

     Section  6.1.  Termination.  This Agreement may be terminated and the
Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether
before or after approval and adoption of this Agreement by APD's or GCJ's
stockholders:

     (a) by mutual written consent of APD and GCJ;

     (b) by GCJ or APD if (i) any court of competent jurisdiction in the
United States or other United States Governmental Entity shall have issued a
final order, decree or ruling or taken any other final action restraining,
enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Merger and such order, decree, ruling
or  other action is or shall have become nonappealable or (ii) the Merger has
not been consummated by March 31, 2004; provided, however, that no party may
terminate this Agreement pursuant to this clause (ii) if such party's failure
to fulfill any of its obligations under this Agreement shall have been the
reason that the Effective Time shall not have occurred on or before said
date;

     (c)  by APD if (i) there shall have been a breach of any representation
or warranty on the  part of GCJ set forth in this  Agreement, or if any
representation  or warranty of GCJ shall have become untrue, in either case
such that  the conditions set forth in Section 5.2(a) would be incapable of
being satisfied by Dec 20, 2004 (or as otherwise extended), (ii) there shall
have been a breach by GCJ of any of their respective covenants or agreements
hereunder having a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ or materially adversely
affecting (or materially delaying) the consummation of the Merger, and GCJ,
as the case may be, has not cured such breach within 20 business days after
notice by APD thereof, provided that APD has not breached any of its
obligations hereunder, (iii) APD shall have convened a meeting of its
stockholders to vote upon the Merger and shall have failed to obtain the
requisite vote of its stockholders; or (iv) APD shall have convened a
meeting of its Board of Directors to vote upon the Merger and shall have
failed to obtain the requisite vote;

     (d) by GCJ if (i) there shall have been a breach of any representation
or warranty on the part of APD set forth in this Agreement, or if any
representation or warranty of APD shall have become untrue, in  either case
such that  the conditions set forth in Section 5.3(a) would be incapable of
being satisfied by Dec. 20, 2004 (or as otherwise extended), (ii) there shall
have been a breach by APD of its covenants or agreements hereunder having  a
Material Adverse Effect on APD or materially adversely affecting (or
materially delaying) the consummation of the Merger, and APD, as  he case
may be, has not cured such breach within twenty business days after notice by
GCJ thereof, provided  that GCJ has not breached any of its obligations
hereunder, (iii) the APD Board shall have recommended to APD's stockholders
a Superior Proposal, (iv) the APD Board shall have withdrawn, modified or
changed its approval or recommendation of this Agreement or the Merger, or
hold a stockholders' meeting to vote upon the Merger, or shall have adopted
any resolution to effect any of the foregoing, (v) GCJ shall have convened a
meeting of its stockholders to vote upon the Merger and shall have failed to
obtain the requisite vote of its stockholders.

     Section 6.2. Effect of Termination.  In the event of the termination and
abandonment of this Agreement pursuant to Section 6.1, this Agreement shall
forthwith become void and have no effect, without any liability on the part
of any party hereto or its affiliates, directors, officers or stockholders,
other than the provisions of this Section 6.2 and Sections 4.7(c) and 6.3
hereof.  Nothing contained in this Section 6.2 shall relieve any  party  from
liability for any breach of this Agreement.

     Section 6.3. Fees and Expenses.  Except as specifically provided in this
Section  6.3, each party shall bear its own expenses in connection with this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

     Section 6.4. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by action taken by
APD and GCJ at any time before or after approval of the Merger by the
stockholders of APD and GCJ (if required by applicable law) but, after any
such approval, no amendment shall be made which requires the approval of such
stockholders under applicable law without such approval.  This Agreement may
not  be  amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of the
parties hereto.

<PAGE>

     Section 6.5. Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time,
each party hereto may (i) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of any other party, (ii) waive any inaccuracies in
the representations and warranties of any other party contained herein or in
any document, certificate or writing delivered pursuant hereto or (iii) waive
compliance by any other party with any of the agreements or conditions
contained herein.  Any agreement on the part of any party hereto to any such
extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in
writing signed on behalf of such party.  The failure of any party hereto to
assert any of its rights hereunder shall not constitute a waiver of such
rights.

                                  ARTICLE 7

                                Miscellaneous

     Section   7.1.  Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties.  The
representations and warranties made herein shall not survive beyond the
Effective Time or a termination of this Agreement. This Section 7.1 shall not
limit any covenant or agreement of the parties hereto which by its terms
requires performance after the Effective Time.

     Section   7.2.   Entire Agreement; Assignment.  This Agreement (a)
constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to
the subject matter hereof and supersedes all other prior agreements and
understandings both written and oral, between the parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof and (b) shall not be assigned by operation of law or
otherwise.

     Section  7.3.  Validity.  If any provision of this Agreement, or the
application thereof to any person or circumstance, is held invalid or
unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement, and the application  of such
provision to other persons or circumstances, shall not be affected  thereby,
and to such end, the provisions of this Agreement are agreed to be severable.

     Section  7.4. Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given (and shall be
deemed to have  been  duly given upon receipt) by delivery  in person, by
facsimile or by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt
requested), to each other party as follows:

  If to GCJ:

     GCJ, INC.
     Attn: Jeffery Chad Guidry
     8425 Bay Point Dr.
     Las Vegas, Nevada 89128
     Phone:  (702) 334-4008

  if to APD:

     APD Antiquities, Inc.
     Attn:  Cindy K. Swank
     1314 S. Brand Blvd, Suite 2-176
     Spokane, WA  99202
     Phone:  (509)-744-8590


<PAGE>

or to such other address as the person to whom notice is given may have
previously furnished to the others in writing in the manner set forth above.

     Section  7.5.  Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, without regard
to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.

     Section  7.6. Descriptive Headings. The descriptive headings herein are
inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of
or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

     Section  7.7. Parties in Interest. This Agreement shall be binding upon
and  inure solely to the benefit of each party hereto and its successors and
permitted assigns, and except as provided in Sections 4.9 and 4.11, nothing
in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon
any other person any rights, benefits or remedies of any nature whatsoever
under or by reason of this Agreement.

     Section  7.8.  Certain Definitions. For the purposes of this Agreement,
the term:

     (a) "affiliate" means (except as otherwise provided in Sections 2.19 and
3.19 a person  that  directly  or  indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with,
the first mentioned person;

     (b)  "business day" means any day other than a day on which Nasdaq is
closed;

     (c)  "capital  stock" means common stock, preferred  stock, partnership
interests, limited liability company interests or other ownership interests
entitling the  holder thereof to vote with respect to matters involving the
issuer thereof;

     (d)  "knowledge" or "known" means, with respect to any matter in
question, if an executive officer of APD or GCJ or its subsidiaries, as the
case may be, has actual knowledge of such matter;

     (e)  "person" means  an individual, corporation, partnership, limited
liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organization or other
legal entity; and

     (f)  "subsidiary" or "subsidiaries" of APD, GCJ or any other person,
means  any  corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association,
trust, unincorporated association or other legal entity of which APD, GCJ or
any such other person, as the case may be (either alone or through or
together with any other subsidiary), owns, directly or indirectly, 50% or
more of the capital stock, the holders of which are generally entitled to
vote for the election of the board of directors or other governing body of
such corporation or other legal entity.

     Section 7.9. Personal Liability. This Agreement shall not create or be
deemed to create or permit any personal liability or obligation on the part
of any direct or indirect stockholder of APD, GCJ or any officer, director,
employee, agent, representative or investor of any party hereto.

     Section  7.10. Specific Performance.  The parties hereby acknowledge and
agree that the failure of any party to perform its agreements and  covenants
hereunder, including its failure to take all actions as are necessary on its
part to the consummation of the Merger, will cause irreparable injury to the
other parties for which damages, even if available, will not be an adequate
remedy. Accordingly, each party hereby consents to the issuance of injunctive
relief by any court of competent jurisdiction to compel performance of such
party's obligations and to the granting by any court of the  remedy of
specific performance of its obligations hereunder; provided, however, that,
if a party hereto is entitled to receive any payment or reimbursement  of
expenses pursuant to Sections 6.3(a), (b) or (c), it shall not be entitled to
specific performance to compel the consummation of the Merger.

     Section  7.11. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or
more  counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all
of which shall constitute one and the same agreement.


<PAGE>

     In Witness Whereof, each of the parties has caused this Agreement to be
duly executed on its behalf as of the day and year first above written.


                                 APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.

                                 By: /s/ Cindy K. Swank
                                 ----------------------
                                 Name:   Cindy K. Swank
                                 Title:  President


                                 GCJ, INC.

                                 By: /s/ Jeffery Chad Guidry
                                 ---------------------------
                                 Name:   Jeffery Chad Guidry
                                 Title:  President

<PAGE>

                          APD DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE

Schedule 2.1   Organization                       See Articles/Bylaws

Schedule 2.2(a) Options, Stock Preference Rights  Not Applicable

Schedule 2.6   Consents & Approvals               None Provided

Schedule 2.7   No Default                         Not Applicable

Schedule 2.8   No Undisclosed Liability           None Exist

Schedule 2.9   Litigation                         Not Applicable

Schedule 2.10  Compliance with Applicable Law     None

Schedule 2.11 Employee Benefit Plans              None

Schedule 2.12 Environmental Laws and Regs         Not Applicable

Schedule 2.13 Tax Matters                         None Exist

Schedule 2.14 Title to Property                   None Exist

Schedule 2.15 Intellectual Property               None Exist

Schedule 2.16 Insurance                           None Exist

Schedule 2.17  Vote Required                      None Required

Schedule 2.18 Tax Treatment                       Not Applicable

Schedule 2.19 Affiliates                          Cindy K. Swank

Schedule 2.20 Certain Business Practices          None Exist

Schedule 2.21 Insider Interest                    Not Applicable

Schedule 2.22 Opinion of Financial Adviser        Waived - None Exist

Schedule 2.23 Broker                              None Exist

Schedule 4.1 Conduct of Business                  None Provided

<PAGE>

                           GCJ DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE

Schedule 3.2(b) Subsidiary Stock                  None Exist

Schedule 3.2(c) Capital Stock Rights              None Exist other than as
                                                  in Articles

Schedule 3.2(d) Securities conversions            None Exist

Schedule 3.2 (f) Subsidiaries                     None Exist

Schedule 3.6   Consents & Approvals               Provided

Schedule 3.7   No Default                         Not Applicable

Schedule 3.8   No Undisclosed Liability           None Exist

Schedule 3.9   Litigation                         None Exist

Schedule  3.10   Compliance with Applicable Law   Not  Applicable - full
                                                  disclosed in 10-KSB

Schedule 3.11 Employee Benefit Plans              Section 3.11( c)No Options
                                                  Exist

Section 3.11(e)                                   No Agreements Exist

Schedule 3.12 Environmental Laws and Regs         Not Applicable

Schedule 3.13 Tax Matters                         None Exist

Schedule 3.14 Title to Property                   None Exist

Schedule 3.15(b) Intellectual Property            None Exist

Schedule 3.16 Insurance                           None Exist

Schedule   3.17    Vote  Required                 See Shareholder Meeting
                                                  Certificate

Schedule 3.18 Tax Treatment                       Not Applicable

Schedule 3.19 Affiliates                          Jeffery Chad Guidry

Schedule 3.20 Certain Business Practices          None Exist

Schedule 3.21 Insider Interest                    None Exist

Schedule 3.22 Opinion of Financial Adviser        Waived - None Exist

Schedule 3.23 Broker                              None Exist

Schedule 4.2 Conduct of Business                  See Amended Articles



Exhibit A


                        CERTIFICATE OF MERGER
                                  OF
                        APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.
                          a Nevada corporation
                                 and
                              GCJ, Inc.
                        a Nevada corporation


     The undersigned corporations, APD ANTIQUITIES, INC., a Nevada
corporation ("APD"), and GCJ, Inc. a Nevada corporation ("GCJ"),
do hereby certify:

     1.   APD is a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the
laws of the State of Nevada.  Articles of Incorporation were originally
filed on July 23, 1996.

     2.   GCJ is a corporation duly organized and validly existing
under the laws of the State of Nevada.  Articles of Incorporation were
originally filed on March 30, 2004.

     3.   APD and GCJ are parties to a Merger Agreement, pursuant to which
GCJ will be merged with and into APD.  Upon completion of the merger APD
will be the surviving corporation in the merger and GCJ will be dissolved.
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement the stockholders of GCJ will receive stock
in APD.  For purposes of service, the address for APD is 1314 S. Brand
Blvd, Suite 2-176, Spokane, WA  99202.

     4.  The Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of APD as existing prior
to the effective date of the merger shall continue in full force as the
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the surviving corporation.

     5.  The complete executed Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of
December 27, 2004, which sets forth the plan of merger providing for the merger
of GCJ with and into APD is on file at the corporate offices of APD.

     6.  A copy of the Merger Agreement will be furnished by APD on request
and without cost to any stockholder of any corporation which is a  party  to
the merger.

     7.  The plan of merger as set forth in the Agreement and Plan of
Merger, has been approved by a majority of the Board of Directors of GCJ at a
meeting held March 18, 2004.

     8.  GCJ has 430,000 shares of common stock issued, outstanding
and  entitled to vote on the merger.  At a meeting of the Shareholders of GCJ
held December 27, 2004, all 430,000 shares voted in favor of the merger.

     9.  The plan of merger as set forth in the Agreement and Plan of
Merger, was approved by a majority of the Board of Directors of APD at a
meeting held December 27, 2004.

<PAGE>

     10.  The manner in which the exchange of issued shares of APD shall be
affected is set forth in the Agreement and Plan of Merger.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed these Certificate of
Merger this 20th day of December, 2004.



                                 APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.

                                 By: /s/ Cindy K. Swank
                                 ----------------------
                                 Name:   Cindy K. Swank
                                 Title:  President


                                 GCJ, INC.

                                 By: /s/ Jeffery Chad Guidry
                                 ---------------------------
                                 Name:   Jeffery Chad Guidry
                                 Title:  President

<PAGE>






Exhibit B


                 RESOLUTION IN LIEU OF STOCKHOLDERS MEETING



     THE UNDERSIGNED, being the Stockholders of GCJ, Inc., a Nevada Corporation,
in lieu of a Stockholders meeting, hereby consent to the following resolutions:

          RESOLVED, that the Corporation enter into an Acquisition Agreement
     and Plan of Merger with APD ANTIQUITIES, INC. (A copy of which
     is attached) with APD ANTIQUITIES, INC. remaining as the
     surviving corporation, and be it

          FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Corporation officers are hereby
     authorized to execute any and all documents necessary to accomplish
     the merger.


DATED: December 27, 2004

                                   /s/ Jeffery Chad Guidry
                                   -----------------------
                                       Jeffery Chad Guidry


<PAGE>

