-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 H6kOd5yL+yC8y/LVYCx2undgK0MNg9DE1/BgQcqWBa07Nt6lzTllL0G7mbVvEMvj
 XOkSVxpd1AN6jnstHp4gZA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000712770-04-000045.txt : 20041222
<SEC-HEADER>0000712770-04-000045.hdr.sgml : 20041222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041222162310
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000712770-04-000045
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041221
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000712770
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				133147497
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09279
		FILM NUMBER:		041221139

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		60 CUTTER MILL RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 303
		CITY:			GREAT NECK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11021-3190
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5164663100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		60 CUTTER MILL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 303
		CITY:			GREAT NECK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11021-3190

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ONE LIBERTY FIRESTONE PROPERTIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19851112
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>olp8k122104.txt
<TEXT>
                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549


                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT

                     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                         Securities Exchange Act of 1934


       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) December 21, 2004


                          ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC.
                          ----------------------------
               (Exact name of Registrant as specified in charter)


    Maryland                    001-09279                        13-3147497
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(State or other            (Commission file No.)                (IRS Employer
 jurisdiction of                                                  I.D. No.)
 incorporation)


   60 Cutter Mill Road, Suite 303, Great Neck, New York           11021
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------
       (Address of principal executive offices)                 (Zip code)


        Registrant's telephone number, including area code     516-466-3100
                                                               ------------

         Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):


     Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

     Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act
(17 CFR 240.14a-12)

     Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

     Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


<PAGE>


Item 1.01  Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On  December  21,  2004  Elpans LLC, a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  Registrant
("Seller"),  entered  into a  Contract  of Sale  with  A.P.  Development  L.L.C.
("Buyer"),  pursuant to which Seller agreed to sell and Buyer agreed to purchase
the unused  development or "air" rights relating to Seller's property located at
300 Gold Street,  Brooklyn,  New York (the "Property").  In addition,  Buyer and
Seller  agreed  to  certain  procedures  and  restrictions  in  respect  of  the
development  of Buyer's  adjacent  property  and the  redevelopment  of Seller's
Property,  which is set forth in a Zoning Lot and Development Agreement which is
to be executed  at closing.  The  purchase  price under the  Contract of Sale is
$11,000,000.  Buyer has  deposited  with Seller's  counsel an escrow  deposit of
$500,000  and is  required  to post an  additional  $500,000  escrow  deposit by
December  31, 2004 and an  additional  $500,000  escrow  deposit by February 15,
2005. The Contract of Sale provides that there are specified conditions that are
required to be satisfied prior to closing; Registrant has no assurance that such
conditions  will be satisfied or that even if such conditions are satisfied that
the  closing  will occur.  The  Contract  of Sale  provides  that the closing is
scheduled for June 30, 2005.

If Buyer defaults in its obligation to close on the  transaction or in the event
that Buyer fails to pay when due any of the  additional  escrow  deposits,  then
Seller's  right shall be to receive from the escrow agent the escrow  deposit(s)
paid to date and to  terminate  the  Contract  of Sale;  Seller  has no cause of
action for damages or specific performance against Buyer.

The Property is currently improved with an office building leased on a long-term
basis and adjacent parking area.  Seller will retain the Property  post-closing.
Seller's ability to expand or modify the existing building following the closing
will be  restricted  pursuant  to the terms of the  Zoning  Lot and  Development
Agreement to be executed at closing.

Seller  anticipates  that the gain in connection with this  transaction  will be
deferred for income tax purposes by entering into a 1031  tax-deferred  exchange
and using the sale  proceeds  to  acquire  one or more  replacement  properties.
Seller,  to date,  has not  identified  replacement  properties  and can make no
assurance that it will be able to locate suitable replacement  properties in the
event that the closing does occur.  Further,  Seller has not yet  determined the
amount of gain it would receive upon the closing of the transaction.

Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements: Materials included in this filing
may  contain  "forward-looking  statements"  within the  meaning of the  Private
Securities  Litigation  Reform  Act of  1995.  Such  forward-looking  statements
involve  known and unknown  risks,  uncertainties  and other  factors that could
cause actual results to be materially  different from historical results or from
any future  results  expressed  or implied by such  forward-looking  statements.
Statements  that include the words "may," "will,"  "would,"  "could,"  "should,"
"believes,"    "estimates,"   "projects,"   "potential,"   "expects,"   "plans,"
"anticipates,"  "intends,"  "continues,"  "forecast," "designed," "goal," or the
negative of those words or other comparable words should be considered uncertain
and forward-looking.




Item 9.01.   Financial Statements and Exhibits

(a)     Financial Statement of Businesses Acquired. Not Applicable.

(b)     Proforma Financial Information. Not Applicable.

(c)     Exhibits. The Contract of Sale dated as of December 21, 2004 between
        Elpans LLC and A.P. Development L.L.C which includes as an exhibit the
        form of Zoning Lot and Development Agreement between Elpans LLC and
        A.P. Development L.L.C. to be executed at closing.



<PAGE>



Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
the  Registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.



                                          ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC.



Date:     December 22, 2004               By:  /s/ Mark H. Lundy
                                          ------------------------------------
                                          Mark H. Lundy
                                          Vice President and Secretary







<PAGE>


                         AGREEMENT OF PURCHASE AND SALE


AGREEMENT  dated  as of this  21st day of  December,  2004  (this  "Agreement"),
                                                                   -----------
between Elpans LLC ("Seller"),  a New York limited liability company , having an
                     ------
address at 60 Cutter Mill Road, Great Neck, New York 11021 and A.P.  Development
L.L.C. ("Purchaser"), a New York limited liability company, having an address at
         ---------
8720 139th Street, Briarwood, New York 11435.

                                R E C I T A L S:

WHEREAS,  Seller is the owner in fee simple of that certain parcel of land lying
and being in the City and State of New York, County of Kings,  designated as Lot
5 in  Block  133 on the Tax Map of the City of New  York  and  known  by  street
address as 300 Gold Street,  Brooklyn, New York, which land is more particularly
described in Exhibit A annexed hereto (the "Seller's  Property"),  together with
             ---------                      ------------------
the  building  and  improvements  thereon  (the  "Seller's  Improvements"),  the
                                                  ----------------------
Seller's   Property  and  Seller's   Improvements   herein  being   referred  to
collectively as "Seller's Premises";
                 -----------------
WHEREAS,  pursuant to an  Agreement  of Purchase  and Sale dated June 14,  2004,
Purchaser is the contract  vendee of that certain parcel of land lying and being
in the City and State of New York, County of Kings, designated as Lot 1 in Block
133 in the  County  of Kings on the Tax Map of the City of New York and known by
street address as 147 Flatbush  Avenue,  Brooklyn,  New York, which land is more
particularly described in Exhibit B annexed hereto (the "Purchaser's Property"),
                          ---------                      --------------------
together  with  the  building  and  improvements  thereon  or to be  constructed
thereon, including without limitation the New Purchaser Building (as hereinafter
defined)  (the  "Purchaser's   Improvements"),   the  Purchaser's  Property  and
                 --------------------------
Purchaser's   Improvements   being  herein   referred  to  collectively  as  the
"Purchaser's Premises";
 --------------------

WHEREAS,  Purchaser  desires to  construct a new  building  (the "New  Purchaser
                                                                  --------------
Building")  on  Purchaser's  Property  with a bulk (as  hereinafter  defined) in
- --------
excess of the bulk presently permitted to be constructed on Purchaser's Premises
under the Zoning Resolution (as hereinafter  defined) if Purchaser's Property is
considered a single separate and single zoning lot (as hereinafter defined);

WHEREAS,  Seller wishes to sell to Purchaser,  and Purchaser  wishes to purchase
from Seller,  the Excess Floor Area Development  Rights and the Bonus Floor Area
Development  Rights  attributable  to  Seller's  Premises  (both as  hereinafter
defined) (together,  the "Conveyance Floor Area Development Rights") for the use
                          ----------------------------------------
and benefit of Purchaser's Premises,  and in furtherance thereof Seller, and any
other party in interest (as  hereinafter  defined) to Seller's  Premises and the
Conveyance Floor Area Development Rights, will join with Purchaser and any other
Party  in  Interest  to  Purchaser's  Premises  in  executing  and  recording  a
Declaration  (or waiver of its right to  execute a  Declaration)  that  Seller's
Premises and Purchaser's  Premises shall  thereafter  constitute a single zoning
lot for the purpose of Section  12-10 of the Zoning  Resolution  (the  "Combined
                                                                        --------
Zoning Lot");
- ----------

WHEREAS, Seller's Premises and Purchaser's Premises are contiguous for a minimum
of ten (10) feet along the northern lot line of Seller's Premises; and

WHEREAS,  in connection with the creation of the Combined Zoning Lot, Seller and
Purchaser  wish to restrict  their  respective  Premises in accordance  with the
provisions of a Zoning Lot Development  Agreement (as hereinafter defined) which
sets forth their rights and  obligations  with respect to the operation of their
respective Premises.

NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein
contained, it is hereby agreed as follows:

1. Definitions.  Defined terms used in this Agreement shall, unless the context
   -----------
otherwise requires, have the following meaning:

(a)  "bulk,"  "dwelling unit," "floor area," "floor area ratio," "lot coverage,"
      ----     -------------    ----------    ----------------    ------------
     "zoning  lot," "party in  interest,"  and "use" shall have the meanings set
      -----------    ------------------         ---
     forth in Section 12-10 of the Zoning Resolution as of the date hereof.

(b)  "Business Day" means any day other than a Saturday,  Sunday or other day on
      ------------
     which  commercial  banks  are  authorized  to be closed in the State of New
     York.

(c)  "Bonus Floor Area Development Rights" shall mean any Floor Area Development
      -----------------------------------
     Rights  appurtenant  to Seller's  Property as of the date hereof  which are
     available  for use in a building  constructed  on the  Combined  Zoning Lot
     through  provision  of an amenity or other  public  benefit on  Developer's
     Land,  elsewhere on the Combined Zoning Lot, or off the Combined Zoning Lot
     in  accordance  with the  provisions  of the Zoning  Resolution;  provided,
     however,  that Bonus Floor Area  Development  Rights  shall not include any
     Floor Area Development  Rights appurtenant to Seller's Property which arise
     or are  authorized  after the date hereof by amendment  to, or revision of,
     the Zoning Resolution or any other applicable law, rule or regulation.

(d)  "Declaration"  shall refer to a Declaration of Zoning Lot  Restrictions  in
      -----------
     substantially the form annexed hereto as Exhibit C.
                                              ---------
(e)  "Excess  Floor  Area  Development  Rights"  shall  mean  those  Floor  Area
      ----------------------------------------
     Development  Rights  (other  than  Bonus  Floor  Area  Development  Rights)
     appurtenant  to  Seller's  Property  that are in excess of those  which are
     utilized  by  the  improvements  presently  located  on  such  parcel,  and
     accordingly are available for transfer  pursuant to the Zoning  Resolution,
     provided,  however,  Excess Floor Area Development Rights shall not include
     any such  rights  which  arise or are  authorized  after the date hereof by
     amendment to, or revision of, the Zoning Resolution or any other applicable
     law, rule or regulation.

(f)  "Floor Area  Development  Rights"  shall mean the rights,  as determined in
      -------------------------------
     accordance  with the Zoning  Resolution,  which are appurtenant to a zoning
     lot,  to  develop  such  zoning  lot by  erecting  thereon a  structure  or
     structures  with (i) a total floor area  determined by multiplying the area
     of the zoning lot by the maximum  allowable floor area ratio for structures
     in such zoning  district or  districts  in which such zoning lot is located
     and (ii) any other bulk,  density and other development  rights appurtenant
     to the Combined Zoning Lot permitted under the Zoning Resolution.

(g)  "Fund" shall mean the sum of the First Deposit,  the Second Deposit and the
      ----
     Third Deposit (all as thereinafter  defined) being held by the Escrow Agent
     (as  defined  in  Section 3 of this  Agreement),  together  with any income
     earned  thereon,  in  accordance  with the terms of the  Section 17 of this
     Agreement.

(h)  "Retained  Floor  Area  Development  Rights"  shall mean (1) the Floor Area
      ------------------------------------------
     Development Rights utilized in Seller's  Improvements as of the date hereof
     and (2) any rights which arise or are created  after the date hereof which,
     if they arose or were created before the date hereof, would be Excess Floor
     Area Development Rights or Bonus Floor Area Development Rights .

(i)  "Zoning Lot  Development  Agreement" or "ZLDA" shall refer to an instrument
      ----------------------------------      ----
     substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit D.

(j)  "Zoning  Resolution"  shall mean the Zoning  Resolution  of the City of New
      ------------------
     York, effective as of December 15, 1961, as amended from time to time.

(k)  The recitals,  schedules and exhibits  annexed hereto,  and the capitalized
     terms defined therein,  are hereby  incorporated by reference into the body
     of this Agreement as if the same were fully set forth herein.

2.  Purchase and Sale.  (a) (i) Seller agrees to sell to Purchaser and Purchaser
    -----------------
agrees to purchase,  upon the terms and conditions set forth in this  Agreement,
the Conveyance Floor Area Development Rights, and (ii) Seller agrees to grant to
Purchaser  a  perpetual  easement  for  light,  air and view  over the  Seller's
Premises as set forth in the ZLDA (the "Easement").
                                        --------
(b)  Notwithstanding  anything  herein to the  contrary,  it is  understood  and
     agreed that Seller is retaining for its benefit (i) the Retained Floor Area
     Development  Rights,  and (ii) any Floor Area Development Rights pertaining
     to Seller's Property created or granted on or after the date hereof for any
     reason, including by amendment of the Zoning Resolution.

3.   Purchase  Price:  The  purchase  price  (the  "Purchase   Price")  for  the
     ---------------                                ----------------
     Conveyance Floor Area  Development  Rights and the Easement shall be Eleven
     Million  Dollars  ($11,000,000).  The  Purchase  Price  shall be payable as
     follows:

(i)  (A) Five Hundred  Thousand  Dollars  ($500,000) shall be paid herewith (the
     "First Deposit") to Herrick,  Feinstein,  LLP ("Escrow Agent"), the receipt
      -------------                                  ------------
     of  which  is  hereby  acknowledged;  (B)  Five  Hundred  Thousand  Dollars
     ($500,000)  shall be paid to the Escrow  Agent on  December  31,  2004 (the
     "Second  Deposit");  (C) Five Hundred Thousand Dollars  ($500,000) shall be
      ---------------
     paid to the Escrow  Agent on February 15, 2004 (the "Third  Deposit").  The
                                                          --------------
     First  Deposit,  the Second  Deposit and the Third  Deposit,  together with
     interest accrued  thereon,  shall be credited against the Purchase Price at
     the  Closing  (hereinafter  defined),  or paid to  Seller or  Purchaser  in
     accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement.  TIME SHALL BE
     OF THE ESSENCE  WITH  RESPECT TO THE PAYMENT OF THE SECOND  DEPOSIT AND THE
     FIRST DEPOSIT.

(ii) The  balance of the  Purchase  Price shall be paid to Seller on the Closing
     Date(hereinafter  defined) by wire transfer of immediately  available funds
     to such account as Seller may direct in wiring  instructions to be provided
     by Seller to Purchaser  not less than five (5)  Business  Days prior to the
     Closing Date.

Seller and Purchaser, as appropriate,  shall at Closing execute, acknowledge and
deliver all forms  required by the other party to effectuate  the intent of this
Section, including (if at the Closing) the documents and instruments referred to
in Section 6 of this Agreement and a Form W-9.

4. Closing. The consummation of the transactions  provided for in this Agreement
   -------
(the  "Closing")  shall take place at the offices of Herrick,  Feinstein  LLP, 2
       -------
Park Avenue, New York, New York at 10:00 a.m. on June 30, 2005; AS TO WHICH DATE
TIME SHALL BE OF THE ESSENCE.  The date on which Closing  occurs is  hereinafter
referred to as the "Closing Date."
                    ------------
5. Parties in Interest.  Purchaser shall within ten (10) days of the date hereof
order,  and promptly upon  Purchaser's  receipt thereof cause to be delivered to
Seller,  a true and complete copy of, a Parties in Interest  Certification  (the
"Parties in Interest Certification") issued by Fidelity National Title Insurance
 ---------------------------------
Company (the "Title  Company"),  certifying the metes and bounds  description of
              --------------
the Combined Zoning Lot and the identity of all parties in interest with respect
to the Seller's Property and the Purchaser's  Property.  The parties in interest
with  respect to the  Seller's  Property  as shown on the  Parties  in  Interest
Certification,  and any person or entity  that after the date  hereof  becomes a
party in  interest  with  respect to the  Seller's  Property  in any  amended or
subsequent Parties in Interest  Certification  issued by the Title Company,  are
referred to herein as the  "Seller's  Parties in  Interest,"  and the parties in
                            ------------------------------
interest  with  respect to the  Purchaser's  Property as shown on the Parties in
Interest  Certification,  and any person or entity  that  after the date  hereof
becomes a party in  interest  with  respect to the  Purchaser's  Property in any
amended or  subsequent  Parties in  Interest  Certification  issued by the Title
Company, are referred to herein as the "Purchaser's Parties in Interest."
                                        -------------------------------
6.  Deliveries.  (a) At the  Closing,  Seller  shall  deliver to  Purchaser  the
    ----------
following:

(i)  A Waiver of  Execution  of  Declaration  of  Zoning  Lot  Restrictions  and
     Subordination  to Zoning Lot Development  Agreement,  substantially  in the
     form  attached  hereto as  Exhibit E,  ("Waiver"),  which  Waiver  shall be
                                ---------     ------
     executed and acknowledged by each of the Seller's Parties in Interest other
     than Seller.

(ii) An  affidavit  made  pursuant to Section  1445(b)(2)  of the United  States
     Internal  Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  "Code"),  by an individual
                                                       ----
     who is an  authorized  signatory  of Seller  stating  that  Seller is not a
     "foreign person" within the meaning thereof.

(iii)Any  instrument,  agreement  or other  document  as may be  required by the
     Title Company in order for the Title Company to be ready,  willing and able
     to issue at standard  rates,  a so-called "air rights  endorsement"  to any
     policy of title  insurance  that  Purchaser may have or obtain that insures
     Purchaser's  acquisition of the Conveyance Floor Area  Development  Rights,
     the grant to Purchaser of the  Easement and the  effectiveness  of the ZLDA
     and the Declaration,  which  endorsement shall be substantially in the form
     attached hereto as Exhibit F (the "Endorsement").
                        ---------       -----------
(iv) A certificate of Seller that the  representations  and warranties set forth
     in Section 8 of this Agreement are true and correct as of the Closing Date.

(v)  True and correct copies of the  Certificate of Formation of Seller and of a
     Certificate  of Good  Standing  for  Seller.

(vi) Any other  document  or  instrument  required  to be  delivered  or payment
     required  to be made by Seller at or prior to the  Closing  pursuant to the
     provisions of this Agreement,  and any other document reasonably  requested
     by  Purchaser  or  the  Title   Company  to   consummate  or  evidence  the
     transactions  contemplated  herein,  or to confirm any of the provisions of
     this Agreement.

(b) At the Closing, Purchaser shall deliver to Seller the following:

(i)  A Waiver executed and  acknowledged  by each of the Purchaser's  Parties in
     Interest other than Purchaser.

(ii) The payment  required on account of the Purchase  Price in accordance  with
     Section 2 hereof.

(iii)A certificate  of Purchaser  that the  representations  and  warranties set
     forth in Section 8 of this Agreement are true and correct as of the Closing
     Date.

(iv) True and correct copies of the Certificate of Formation of Purchaser and of
     a Certificate of Good Standing for Purchaser.

(v)  Any other  document  or  instrument  required  to be  delivered  or payment
     required to be made by Purchaser at the Closing  pursuant to the provisions
     of this Agreement, and any other document as may be reasonably requested by
     Seller or the Title  Company to  consummate  or evidence  the  transactions
     contemplated herein, or to confirm any of the provisions of this Agreement.


(c) At the Closing,  Seller and Purchaser shall deliver to the Title Company the
following:

(i)  The ZLDA  executed  and  acknowledged  by Seller  and  Purchaser,  with any
     changes  and  additions  as  may be  required  by the  Title  Company  or a
     governmental  authority having  jurisdiction over the Conveyance Floor Area
     Development  Rights,  provided that any such changes and additions  made to
     the form shall not  adversely  effect the rights or  obligations  of either
     Seller or Purchaser.

(ii) A Declaration  executed and acknowledged by Seller and Purchaser,  with any
     changes  and  additions  as  may be  required  by the  Title  Company  or a
     governmental  authority having  jurisdiction over the Conveyance Floor Area
     Development  Rights,  provided that any such changes and additions  made to
     the form shall not  adversely  effect any rights or  obligations  of either
     Seller or Purchaser.

(iii)The Waivers  delivered by Purchaser and Seller  pursuant to subsections (a)
     and (b) of this Section 6.

(iv) The Real Property Transfer Tax Return required by Chapter 21 of Title 11 of
     the Administrative  Code of the City of New York and the regulations issued
     pursuant to the authority thereof (the "NYC Transfer Tax Law") executed and
                                             --------------------
     acknowledged by Seller and Purchaser.

(v)  The New York State Real Estate Transfer Tax Return and Credit Line Mortgage
     Certificate  required by Article 31 of the New York State Tax Law (the "NYS
                                                                             ---
     Transfer Tax Law") executed by Seller and Purchaser.
     ----------------
(d)  Notwithstanding  anything  herein  to  the  contrary,  neither  Seller  nor
Purchaser  shall be required to deliver a Waiver executed by any of the Seller's
Parties in Interest or the Purchaser's Parties in Interest who have executed the
ZLDA, the  Declaration  and any other document  required to be signed by them in
order to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

7.  Conditions  to Closing.  The  obligation  of  Purchaser  to  consummate  the
    ----------------------
transaction  contemplated  hereby is subject to the fulfillment of the following
conditions:

(a)  All  representations  and warranties of Seller  contained in this Agreement
     shall  have  been true in all  respects  when made and shall be true in all
     respects  at and as of the  Closing  Dateas  if  such  representations  and
     warranties  were made at and as of the Closing Date,  and Seller shall have
     performed and complied in all respects with all  covenants,  agreements and
     conditions  required by this  Agreement to be performed or complied with by
     Seller prior to the Closing Date.

(b)  The  Title  Company  shall  be  ready,   willing  and  able  to  issue  the
     Endorsement.

(c)  Seller  shall  have  made  all  of the  deliveries  provided  for  in  this
     Agreement.  If any of the foregoing  conditions set forth in this Section 6
     are not satisfied on the Closing  Date,  Purchaser may either (i) waive any
     such condition and proceed with the Closing, in which event Seller shall be
     obligated to consummate the Closing,  or (ii) terminate this Agreement,  in
     which event the Fund shall be promptly  returned to Purchaser and, upon the
     return of the Fund, the parties hereto shall be relieved of all obligations
     and liabilities  under this Agreement (other than those expressly stated to
     survive the termination of this Agreement).

8.  Representations and Warranties.
    ------------------------------
(a) Seller represents and warrants to Purchaser as follows:

(i)  Seller is a New York limited  liability  company,  duly organized,  validly
     existing and in good standing  under the laws of the State of New York, and
     has the  legal  authority  and  power  to  perform  all of its  obligations
     hereunder.

(ii) Seller is not a "foreign  person" within the meaning of Section 1445 of the
     Code.

(iii)Seller  holds fee simple  title to  Seller's  Premises  and the  Conveyance
     Floor Area Development  Rights, and Seller has not previously  transferred,
     assigned,  encumbered,  sold or leased any portion of the Conveyance  Floor
     Area Development Rights or any interest therein, nor is there now in effect
     any  agreement,  other than this  Agreement,  that  purports to or gives an
     option to  transfer,  assign,  encumber,  sell or lease any  portion of the
     Conveyance Floor Area Development Rights or any interest therein.

(iv) There is no  litigation  pending,  or, to the best of  Seller's  knowledge,
     threatened,  against Seller which, if adversely determined,  would prohibit
     or delay Seller from  transferring any portion of the Conveyance Floor Area
     Development Rights to Purchaser.

(v)  Seller has not  received  any notice and has no knowledge of any pending or
     threatened  condemnation or similar proceeding affecting any portion of the
     Seller's Property.

(vi) Seller has approved  and  authorized  this  Agreement  and the  transaction
     contemplated herein, and no other person's consent or approval is required;
     and each person  executing and delivering  this Agreement and all documents
     to be executed  and  delivered  in  connection  herewith  has the power and
     authority to execute and deliver same.

(vii)The  consummation  of the  transaction  contemplated by this Agreement will
     not  conflict  with  or  result  in a  breach  of any of the  terms  of any
     agreement  or  instrument  to which Seller is a party or by which Seller is
     bound or constitute a default thereunder.

(viii) There are no  applications  for  construction  or  alteration  permits in
     respect  of  Seller's  Property  or  Seller's  Building  made by Seller now
     pending  before  the New York City  Department  of  Buildings  or any other
     governmental  authority  having  jurisdiction  over Seller's  Premises that
     would have an adverse effect on Seller's ability to transfer the Conveyance
     Floor  Area  Development  Rights and grant the  Easement  to  Purchaser  or
     Purchaser's  ability to use the Conveyance Floor Area Development Rights or
     the Easement.

Seller shall promptly notify Purchaser after Seller has knowledge that any of
Seller's representations and warranties become untrue.

(b) Purchaser represents and warrants to Seller as follows:.

(i)  Purchaser is not a "foreign  person"  within the meaning of Section 1445 of
     the Code;

(ii) Purchaser  has approved  and  authorized  this  Agreement  the  transaction
     described  herein,  and no other person's  consent or approval is required;
     and each person  executing and delivering  this Agreement and all documents
     to be executed  and  delivered  in  connection  herewith  has the power and
     authority to execute and deliver  same.  Purchaser  shall  promptly  notify
     Seller after Purchaser has knowledge that any of Purchaser's
     representations and warranties become untrue.

9.  Approvals;  Obligations  of Seller and Purchaser.  Purchaser  shall have the
    ------------------------------------------------
right  prior  to the  Closing  Date  to  make  application  to any  governmental
authority  for such  licenses,  permits,  approvals,  certificates,  rulings  or
amendments  as  are  necessary,   appropriate  and/or  desirable   (collectively
"Approvals")  for the development on an "as of right basis" of the New Purchaser
Building  and the  transfer  and use of the  Conveyance  Floor Area  Development
Rights.  Seller agrees, at Purchaser's sole cost and expense,  to cooperate with
Purchaser  in all  reasonable  respects in the  utilization  by Purchaser of the
Conveyance Floor Area  Development  Rights in connection with the development of
the New Purchaser  Building,  to give all necessary  consents in connection with
the filing and prosecution of applications for the Approvals required therefore,
and to execute such documents and  applications  and to furnish such information
as  may  be  reasonably   requested  by  Purchaser  in   connection   with  such
applications.  Purchaser  shall not apply for any variance  from the use or bulk
provisions  of the Zoning  Resolution  or any  special  permit  under the Zoning
Resolution  applicable to the New Purchaser  Building  without the prior written
consent of Seller.

10. Seller's  Covenants.  Seller  covenants to Purchaser that from and after the
    -------------------
date  hereof and  continuing  through  the Closing  Date,  that  subject to that
certain  lease (the "NYC  Lease"),  dated as of October  16,  2002,  made by and
                     ----------
between  Seller,  as landlord and The City of New York,  Department  of Citywide
Administrative Services Division of Real Estate Services:

(a)  Seller shall not take or permit any action that would adversely  affect the
     Conveyance Floor Area Development Rights,  Seller's ability to transfer the
     Conveyance  Floor  Area  Development  Rights  and  grant  the  Easement  to
     Purchaser or Purchaser's  ability to use the Excess  Development Rights and
     the Easement.  Without  limiting the  generality of the  foregoing,  Seller
     shall not at any time  prior to  Closing,  use,  encumber,  sell,  lease or
     transfer the Subject Floor Area Development  Rights,  nor shall Seller take
     any action that results in the creation of a new Party in Interest,  unless
     such new Party in Interest, at the time such interest is created, executes,
     acknowledges  and delivers a Waiver to Seller and Purchaser for delivery to
     the Title Company at the Closing.

(b)  Seller shall not subdivide  Seller's  Property into two or more zoning lots
     or combine the  Seller's  Property  with a zoning lot other than the zoning
     lot in which the Purchaser's Property is located.

(c)  Seller  shall not apply for, or execute any  documents  consenting  to, any
     changes in the provisions of the Zoning  Resolution  affecting the Seller's
     Property, other than as may be requested by Purchaser or as may be required
     by law.

11. Purchaser's Covenants. Purchaser covenants to Seller that from and after the
    ---------------------
date hereof and continuing through the Closing Date:

(a)  Purchaser shall not subdivide  Purchaser's Property into two or more zoning
     lots or combine the  Purchaser's  Property with a zoning lot other than the
     zoning lot in which the Purchaser's Property is located.

(b)  Purchaser shall not apply for, or execute any documents  consenting to, any
     changes  in  the  provisions  of  the  Zoning   Resolution   affecting  the
     Purchaser's Property, other than as may be requested by Seller or as may be
     required by law.

12. Further Assurances. Seller and Purchaser shall upon the request of the other
    ------------------
party,  from  time  to  time,  do such  things  and  execute  and  deliver  such
instruments, agreements and documents which are necessary or convenient in order
to evidence  or confirm any of the  agreements  of the parties  hereunder  or to
effectuate  any of the  provisions  of this  Agreement.  The  provisions of this
Section 12 shall survive the Closing.

13.  Condemnation.  If, prior to Closing,  any  governmental  authority or other
     ------------
entity  having   condemnation   authority  shall  institute  an  eminent  domain
proceeding or give any notice of intent to institute such proceeding with regard
to any portion of the Seller's Premises or the Conveyance Floor Area Development
Rights that would materially affect the Conveyance Floor Area Development Rights
or Seller's ability to transfer the Conveyance Floor Area Development  Rights to
Purchaser or grant the Easement to Purchaser, and the same is not dismissed in a
final  determination  for which all appeal  periods have passed on or before ten
(10) days prior to the Closing Date, then Seller shall promptly notify Purchaser
thereof,  and either  Seller or Purchaser  shall be entitled to  terminate  this
Agreement  on  notice  given to the  other,  in which  event  the Fund  shall be
promptly  returned to  Purchaser,  and upon the return of the Fund,  the parties
hereto shall have no further  obligations  or  liabilities  to each other (other
than  those  that are  expressly  stated  to  survive  the  termination  of this
Agreement).  If this  Agreement  is not  terminated  pursuant  to the  foregoing
sentence,  then  Purchaser may, at its election,  purchase the Conveyance  Floor
Area Development Rights remaining after such condemnation in accordance with the
provisions of this  Agreement,  but with a reduction in the Purchase Price equal
to $79.71 for each square foot of Excess Floor Area Development  Rights taken in
such condemnation  both Seller and Purchaser.

14. Casualty. This Agreement shall not be affected by any damage, by casualty or
    --------
otherwise,  to the Seller's Property. In the event of a casualty or other damage
to the Seller's Property, Seller shall promptly notify Purchaser thereof. Seller
shall not use any of the Conveyance Floor Area  Development  Rights nor encroach
into the  Easement in the  restoration,  repair or  replacement  of the Seller's
Property or rebuild or  reconstruct  the existing  improvements  on the Seller's
Property in any manner that would decrease or otherwise  affect,  to Purchaser's
detriment,  the Conveyance  Floor Area Development  Rights or the Easement.

15. Taxes and Other  Costs.  All state,  city,  county and  municipal  transfer,
    ----------------------
documentary  stamp,  and other similar  taxes and charges  payable in connection
with the transfer of the Conveyance Floor Area Development  Rights and grant the
Easement to Purchaser (including, without limitation, under the NYC Transfer Tax
Law and the NYS Transfer  Tax Law) shall be paid by Seller at the  Closing.  All
state, city, county and municipal recording charges in connection with recording
the  Declaration,  the ZLDA, and any required Waivers shall be paid by Purchaser
at the Closing. The provisions of this Section 15 shall survive the Closing.

16.  Brokerage.  Each party hereto  represents and warrants to the other that it
     ---------
has not dealt with any broker or finder in connection with the transaction which
is the subject of this  Agreement.  Purchaser and Seller each covenant and agree
to  indemnify  and hold  harmless the other from and against any and all claims,
liabilities,   damages,  costs  and  expenses  (including,  without  limitation,
reasonable  attorneys'  fees and expenses)  arising out of or in connection with
any claim by any person  claiming  any fee or  commission  with  respect to this
Agreement,  the  negotiation of this Agreement or the  transaction  which is the
subject of this Agreement  based upon the acts of the  indemnifying  party.  The
provisions  of this Section 16 shall survive the Closing or any  termination  of
this Agreement.

17.  Default.  (a) If Purchaser  defaults in any of its  obligations  under this
     -------
Agreement, including without limitation, the failure, for any reason whatsoever,
to pay the balance of the  Purchase  Price on or before the Closing  Date,  with
time of the  essence,  then  Seller's  sole remedy  shall be to  terminate  this
Agreement and receive, as liquidated damages,  all monies then held in the Fund.
The  parties  hereto  agree that the  damages of Seller  would be  difficult  or
impossible to determine with mathematical precision and therefore the provisions
of this  Section 17  represent  an agreed  measure of damages  and are not to be
deemed a forfeiture or penalty. Upon delivery of the Fund to Seller, the parties
hereto shall be relieved of all further  obligations and liabilities  under this
Agreement.

     (b) In the event Seller shall be in default in its  obligations  under this
Agreement and the Closing does not take place as a result thereof,  then, as its
sole and exclusive  remedies,  (x) Purchaser shall be entitled to terminate this
Agreement,  in which event the Fund will be promptly  returned to Purchaser and,
upon  the  return  of the  Fund,  the  parties  hereto  shall  have  no  further
obligations  or  liabilities  to each other (other than those that are expressly
stated to survive the termination of this Agreement); or (y) Purchaser may bring
an action in specific  performance to compel both the transfer of the Conveyance
Floor Area Development  Rights and the Easement and the performance by Seller of
its  obligations  set forth in this Agreement,  provided,  however,  if, despite
Seller's commercially reasonably efforts, without the expenditure of funds other
than administrative  expenses,  Seller is unable to deliver any required Waiver,
Purchaser  shall not have the right to bring an action for specific  performance
based solely on such failure.

18. Escrow.  The Fund shall be held in escrow by Escrow Agent in accordance with
    ------
the terms and conditions set forth below.

(a)  Escrow Agent shall  invest the Fund in savings  accounts,  treasury  bills,
     certificates of deposit or in other money market instruments, and shall not
     be liable for any losses suffered in connection  with any such  investment.
     Any reasonable and customary  out-of-pocket fees or charges incurred by the
     financial  institution  holding  the  Fund  and  in  connection  with  such
     investment  shall be paid out of the Fund after any payment  required to be
     paid pursuant to Section 18(h) below,  but before any other  payments shall
     be required to be made from the Fund.

(b)  After deducting any amounts pursuant to Section 18(a) above and any amounts
     due Escrow Agent hereunder pursuant to Section 18(h) below:

(i) the balance of the Fund shall be the property of and shall be paid over to:

(1)  Seller, at the Closing, in accordance with the provisions hereof, or upon a
     default by Purchaser,  beyond any applicable notice or cure periods, in any
     of its material obligations under this Agreement.

(2)  Purchaser,  if,  prior to payment  over to Seller as provided in clause (i)
     above,  Purchaser  shall be entitled to return of the Fund  pursuant to the
     terms and conditions hereof; or

(3)  as may otherwise be provided in Section 18(c) below.

(c)  Except in  connection  with the Closing  hereunder  as provided  below,  to
     obtain  a  payment  of the Fund as  provided  above,  a party  ("Requesting
                                                                      ----------
     Party") shall  deliver or mail to Escrow Agent at 2 Park Avenue,  New York,
     -----
     New York 10016, Attention: Jeffrey H. Kaufman, Esq., and to the other party
     pursuant to Section 16 hereof,  a notice that Requesting  Party is entitled
     to a payment out of the Fund as provided above.

(d)  If Escrow Agent does not receive a notice from the other party objecting to
     the  payment of the Fund to  Requesting  Party  within five (5) days of the
     delivery of such notice from  Requesting  Party,  then Escrow  Agent shall,
     after deducting any amounts pursuant to Section 18(a) above and any amounts
     due Escrow Agent pursuant to Section 18(h) hereunder,  pay over the balance
     of the Fund to  Requesting  Party.  If,  within  five (5)  days  after  the
     delivery of such notice Escrow Agent shall have  received a statement  from
     the other party that Requesting  Party is not entitled  thereto pursuant to
     the  provisions  hereof,  and  directing  Escrow  Agent not to  deliver  to
     Requesting  Party the balance of the Fund,  then Escrow Agent shall, at its
     sole option, either:

(i)  deliver  to the court the  balance of the Fund after  first  deducting  any
     amounts pursuant to Section 18(a) above and any amounts due to Escrow Agent
     pursuant to Section 18(h) hereunder, or

(ii)     retain the balance of the Fund until one of the following shall have
         occurred:

(A)      The other party shall have failed within thirty (30) days after
         delivery or mailing, as the case may be, of Requesting Party's notice,
         to commence an action in a court of competent jurisdiction against
         Requesting Party to resolve why the Requesting Party shall not be
         entitled to the payment of the Fund. Such action shall be deemed to
         have been commenced by serving a summons and complaint on Requesting
         Party, and delivering to Escrow Agent a copy thereof, together with an
         affidavit of service within such thirty (30)-day period, in which event
         Escrow Agent shall, except to the extent provided below, pay over the
         Fund to Requesting Party;

(B)      There shall have been served upon Escrow Agent an order or judgment
         duly entered in a court of competent jurisdiction setting forth the
         manner in which the Fund is to be paid out and delivered, in which
         event Escrow Agent shall, except to the extent provided below, deliver
         the balance of the Fund as set forth in such order or judgment; or

(C)      The parties shall have delivered to Escrow Agent a statement executed
         by both of the parties setting forth the manner in which the Fund is to
         be paid out and delivered, in which event Escrow Agent shall, except to
         the extent provided below, deliver the balance of the Fund as set forth
         in such statement.

     Before making a payment pursuant to clauses (A), (B) and (C) above,  Escrow
Agent shall first deduct any amount  pursuant to Section  18(a)  above,  and any
amounts due Escrow Agent pursuant to Section 18(h)  hereunder.

(e)  Escrow  Agent  shall  not be  liable  to  either  Seller  or  Purchaser  in
     connection  with its  performance as Escrow Agent  hereunder other than for
     its gross  negligence  or willful  misconduct.  Purchaser  and Seller shall
     jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless Escrow Agent from any and
     all claims,  liabilities,  damages, costs and expenses (including,  without
     limitation,  reasonable  attorneys' fees and expenses) arising out of or in
     connection with the escrow (including,  without limitation,  the collection
     of any amounts due or payable to Escrow  Agent),  and any actions of Escrow
     Agent in connection  therewith,  other than Escrow Agent's gross negligence
     or willful  misconduct.  Seller and Purchaser  shall each have the right to
     make a claim  against  the  other  to the  extent  that  either  Seller  or
     Purchaser  is required  to  indemnify  and hold  harmless  Escrow  Agent as
     provided above.

(f)  Upon delivery of the balance of the Fund as provided in Sections  18(b) and
     18(c)   above,   Escrow   Agent  shall  be   relieved  of  all   liability,
     responsibility or obligation with respect to or arising out of the Fund.

(g) Escrow Agent shall be entitled to rely upon the truth and accuracy of any
statement from Purchaser or Seller without any independent investigation or
verification by Escrow Agent.

(h)  Escrow Agent shall be entitled to retain attorneys of its choice, including
     itself,  in connection with any dispute  regarding the  disbursement of the
     Fund and to charge  reasonable fees and disbursements of any such attorneys
     and any amounts  due Escrow  Agent under  Section  18(d) above  against the
     Fund, and,  notwithstanding  anything to the contrary contained herein, any
     such amounts shall be paid by Escrow Agent out of the Fund before any other
     payments shall be required to be made from the Fund.  Escrow Agent shall be
     entitled to rely on advice of its attorneys,  and Escrow Agent shall not be
     liable to either  Purchaser  or Seller for any  action  taken in good faith
     reliance on such advice.

(i)  Escrow  Agent may  represent  Purchaser  in any  dispute or action  related
     hereto, including any litigation arising out of this Agreement.

(j)  Purchaser  represents that its tax identification  number is ________.

19. Notices. All notices and other communications required to be given hereunder
    -------
shall be in writing,  signed by the party  giving the same or by its  attorneys,
and shall be deemed to have been duly given if: (i)  personally  delivered  with
proof of delivery  thereof,  or (ii) delivered to an overnight  delivery service
with receipt for delivery,  or (iii) three (3) days after the date  deposited in
the  United  States  mail,  postage  prepaid,   certified  with  return  receipt
requested,  or (iv)  transmitted  by  facsimile,  provided  that such  facsimile
transmission  is confirmed  within one Business Day thereafter in the manner set
forth in either clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of this sentence;  provided,  however,
that  the  time  period  in  which  a  response  to any  such  notice  or  other
communication  must be given  shall  commence  on the date of  receipt  thereof.
Personal  delivery  to a party  or to any  officer,  partner,  member,  agent or
employee of such party at the address set forth herein shall constitute receipt.
Rejection or other refusal to accept or inability to deliver  because of changed
address of which no notice has been received shall also constitute receipt.  Any
notice or other  communication  shall be addressed to the respective  parties as
follows:

                if to Purchaser:             A.P. Development L.L.C.
                                             c/o United Homes
                                             8720 139th Street
                                             Briarwood, New York 11435
                                             Attention:  Ron Hershco

                with copies to:              Lawrence I. Andelsman, P.C.
                                             114 Old Country Road
                                             Mineola, New York  11501
                                             Facsimile:

                                             Paul D. Selver, Esq.
                                             Paul Hastings Janofsky & Walker LLP
                                             75 East 55th Street
                                             New York, New York  10022
                                             Facsimile: (212) 230-7759
                if to Seller:                Elpans, LLC
                                             c/o One Liberty Properties, Inc.
                                             60 Cutter Mill Road
                                             Great Neck, New York 11021
                                             Attn: Jeffrey Fishman
                with a copy to:              Herrick, Feinstein LLP
                                             2 Park Avenue
                                             New York, New York 10016
                                             Attention: Jeffrey H. Kaufman, Esq.
                                             Facsimile: (212) 592-1500
                if to Escrow Agent:          Herrick, Feinstein, LLP
                                             2 Park Avenue
                                             New York, New York 10016
                                             Attention: Jeffrey H. Kaufman, Esq.
                                             Facsimile: (212) 592-1500

or to such other  address  or party as either  party may have  furnished  to the
other in  writing  in  accordance  herewith,  except  that  notices of change of
address or addresses shall only be effective upon receipt.

     20.  Assignment.  This  Agreement  may not be  assigned  without  the prior
          ----------
written consent of the other party,  except that Purchaser may assign its rights
under this  Agreement  to an entity that is wholly  owned by Ron Hershco  and/or
Dean Palin (or by another entity that is wholly owned by either or both of them)
without first obtaining  Seller's consent  thereto,  provided that (i) Purchaser
gives Seller notice of such assignment and (ii) such assignee assumes all of the
obligations and liabilities of Purchaser.

21.      Miscellaneous.
         -------------
(a)  This  Agreement  (including  the Exhibits  hereto)  constitutes  the entire
     agreement of the parties  hereto with respect to the subject  matter hereof
     and   supercedes  all  prior   understandings   and  may  not  be  amended,
     supplemented,  modified or cancelled except pursuant to the terms hereof or
     by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto.

(b)  This  Agreement  shall be  binding  upon and  inure to the  benefit  of the
     parties hereto, their successors and, subject to Section 20 above, assigns.

(c)  If any term or provision of this  Agreement or the  application  thereof to
     any  persons  or  circumstances   shall,  to  any  extent,  be  invalid  or
     unenforceable,  the remainder of this Agreement or the  application of such
     term or provision to persons or circumstances  other than those as to which
     it is held invalid or unenforceable shall not be affected thereby, and each
     term and provision of this Agreement  shall be valid and enforceable to the
     fullest  extent  permitted  by law.  The parties  shall use all  reasonable
     efforts to replace the illegal, void or unenforceable  provision by a valid
     and  enforceable  provision the effect of which is the closest  possible to
     the intended effect of the illegal, void or unenforceable provision.

(d)  The interpretation,  enforcement and performance of this Agreement shall be
     governed by the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made
     and to be performed wholly within such State.

(e)  The  failure  of any  party  hereto  at any  time  to  insist  upon  strict
     performance of or to enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement  shall
     in no way be construed as a waiver of any of such  provisions  or the right
     of any party thereafter to enforce each and every such provision. No waiver
     of any breach of this  Agreement  shall be held to be a waiver of any other
     or subsequent breach.

(f)  The section headings used herein are for reference purposes only and do not
     control or affect the meaning or  interpretation  of any term or  provision
     hereof.

(g)  This Agreement may be executed in one or more  counterparts,  each of which
     shall be deemed an original,  but all of which shall constitute one and the
     same instrument.

(h)  The  representations,  warranties and  agreements of the parties  contained
     herein  are  intended  solely  for the  benefit  of the  party to whom such
     representations,  warranties or agreements  are made and the successors and
     assigns of such party, and shall confer no rights hereunder,  whether legal
     or equitable,  in any other party,  and no other party shall be entitled to
     rely thereon.

     (i) Except as expressly  provided or limited to the  contrary  herein or in
any instrument  delivered  pursuant  hereto,  the  representations,  warranties,
obligations,  covenants,  agreements,  undertakings and  indemnifications of the
parties contained herein or in any instrument  required to be delivered pursuant
hereto  shall not survive the Closing or  termination  of this  Agreement  (and,
accordingly,  no claim  concerning  the same may  arise  after  the  Closing  or
termination of this Agreement, as the case may be).

(j)  This Agreement shall not be construed more strictly  against one party than
     against  the  other  merely  by  virtue  of the fact  that it may have been
     prepared  primarily by counsel for one of the parties,  it being recognized
     that both the  Purchaser  and Seller  have  contributed  substantially  and
     materially to the preparation of this Agreement.

(k)  Each party hereby waives, irrevocably and unconditionally, trial by jury in
     any action brought on, under or by virtue of or relating in any way to this
     Agreement or any of the  documents or  certificates  executed in connection
     herewith,  the properties,  or any claims,  defenses,  rights of set-off or
     other  actions  pertaining  hereto  or to any of the  foregoing.

(l)  It is understood  that the terms and conditions of this Agreement  shall be
     fully  non-recourse  to the  parties  hereto,  other than their  respective
     ownership   rights  in  Seller's   Premises,   the  Conveyance  Floor  Area
     Development Rights, and Purchaser's Premises.

                      [THE NEXT PAGE IS THE SIGNATURE PAGE]



<PAGE>


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be signed
as of the day and year first above written.

                              Seller:
                              Elpans LLC
                              By:   /ss/ Mark H. Lundy
                                    -------------------
                                    Name: Mark H. Lundy
                                    Title: Vice President of Member


                              Purchaser:
                              A.P. Development L.L.C.

                              By:   /ss/ Ron Hershco
                                    ----------------
                                    Name: Ron Herscho
                                    Title: Managing Member

The undersigned hereby agrees to hold the
Fund in escrow in accordance with the
provisions of Section 17 of this
Agreement:

HERRICK FEINSTEIN, LLP
By: /ss/ Jeffrey H. Kaufman
    ------------------------
     Jeffrey H. Kaufman
     Partner


<PAGE>



                                    EXHIBIT A

                                Seller's Property







                                    EXHIBIT B

                              Purchaser's Property








                                    EXHIBIT C

                     Declaration of Zoning Lot Restrictions




<PAGE>



                                    EXHIBIT D

                        Zoning Lot Development Agreement




                      ZONING LOT AND DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT


     AGREEMENT made as of this __ day of June, 2005 (this "Agreement"),  between
Elpans, LLC a New York limited liability company, having an address at 60 Cutter
Mill Road, Great Neck New York 11021 ("Seller") and A.P.  Development  L.L.C., a
______  limited  liability  company,  having an address  at 8720  139th  Street,
Briarwood, New York 11435 ("Developer").
                                R E C I T A L S:

A.  Seller is the owner of certain  land known by the  street  address  300 Gold
Street, Brooklyn, New York, also known as Tax Lot __ in Block 133 on the Tax Map
of the City of New York, County of Kings, more particularly described in Exhibit
A annexed hereto and made a part hereof,  together with the improvements thereon
(said land being herein referred to as "Seller's  Land," and said  improvements,
together  with any future  replacements  thereof  being  herein  referred  to as
"Seller's  Building,"  and  Seller's  Land and  Seller's  Building  being herein
referred to as "Seller's Property").

B. Developer is the owner of certain lands  adjacent to Seller's Land,  known by
the street address 147 Flatbush Avenue,  Brooklyn,,  New York, also known as Tax
Lot 1 in Block 133 on the Tax Map of the City of New York, County of Kings, more
particularly  described  in  Exhibit B annexed  hereto  and made a part  hereof,
together with the  improvements  thereon (said land being herein  referred to as
"Developer's  Land",  said  existing  improvements  being herein  referred to as
"Developers Existing Building", and Developer's Existing Building, together with
any future  replacements  thereof or additions thereto whether made by Developer
or  Developer's   successors  or  assigns,   and  including  without  limitation
Developer's Proposed Building [as hereinafter defined], being herein referred to
collectively as "Developer's Building").

C. Developer intends to demolish  Developer's  Existing Building and construct a
new building or buildings and improvements  upon all or a portion of Developer's
Land  (said  new or  buildings  and  improvements,  together  with  any  further
replacements   thereof  or  additions  thereto  whether  made  by  Developer  or
Developer's  successors or assigns,  being herein  referred to  collectively  as
"Developer's  Proposed  Building" and Developer's Land and Developer's  Building
being herein referred to collectively as "Developer's Property").

D. Developer's Proposed Building will contain more Floor Area Development Rights
(as  hereinafter  defined) than may be developed on Developer's  Land so long as
Developer's  Land  remains a single  and  separate  zoning  lot (as  hereinafter
defined);  there are Floor Area Development  Rights appurtenant to Seller's Land
which are not used in Seller's  Building as of the date hereof and are therefore
available for transfer to the Developer's  Land and use in Developer's  Proposed
Building;  and,  pursuant to the  procedures  established  in Section  12-10 the
Zoning  Resolution  (as  hereinafter   defined),   Seller's  unused  Floor  Area
Development  Rights  may be  transferred  to  Developer  for use in  Developer's
Proposed  Building through the merger of Seller's Land and Developer's Land in a
single  zoning lot (such  single  zoning  lot being  herein  referred  to as the
"Combined Zoning Lot").

E. By  execution  as of the date  hereof  and  contemporaneously  herewith  of a
Declaration of Zoning Lot Restrictions  substantially in the form annexed hereto
as  Exhibit C (the  "Declaration"),  Developer  and  Seller  have  utilized  the
procedure  available  pursuant  to  Section  12-10 of the Zoning  Resolution  to
combine  the  Developer's  Land  and the  Seller's  Land so as to  create a new,
combined  zoning  lot (the  "Combined  Zoning  Lot") for the  purpose  of making
available  the Seller  Excess  Floor  Area  Development  Rights (as  hereinafter
defined) for incorporation into and use in Developer's Proposed Building;

F. Developer has caused all parties in interest (as hereinafter  defined) to the
Developer's Land and Seller has caused all parties in interest to Seller's Land,
all as shown on the Parties-in-Interest  Certification of ________________ Title
Insurance  Company,  a copy of which is annexed  hereto as Exhibit D, to join in
the Declaration or to waive their respective  rights to execute the Declaration;
and

G. The parties hereto wish to set forth certain agreements with respect to their
rights and obligations in and to the Combined Zoning Lot and other matters,  and
wish to provide to the maximum  extent  possible for each to exercise its rights
in the future without having to seek any consent,  approval or other action from
the other.

     NOW THEREFORE,  in  consideration of the foregoing and Ten Dollars ($10.00)
and other good and valuable consideration,  the receipt and sufficiency of which
is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I
                               CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

     Section  1.1 "Bonus  Floor Area  Development  Rights"  shall mean any bonus
Floor Area Development  Rights  appurtenant to the Combined Zoning Lot which may
be  available  for use in a building  constructed  thereon  for  inclusion  in a
building constructed thereon through the provision of an amenity or other public
benefit on Developer's  Land,  elsewhere on the Combined  Zoning Lot, or off the
Combined Zoning Lot in accordance with the provisions of the Zoning  Resolution;
provided,  however,  that Bonus Floor Area Development  Rights shall not include
any Floor Area Development Rights pertaining to Seller's Property which arise or
are created after  December __, 2004 for any reason,  including  amendment to or
revision of the Zoning Resolution.

     Section 1.2 "Business  Day" means any day other than a Saturday,  Sunday or
other day on which  commercial banks are authorized to be closed in the State of
New York.

     Section 1.3 "Developer Floor Area Development  Rights" shall mean the Floor
Area Development Rights appurtenant to the Developer Land as of the date hereof,
together with the Excess Floor Area Development  Rights and the Bonus Floor Area
Development  Rights (both as defined  herein)  appurtenant  to Seller's Land and
Developer's Land.

     Section  1.4  "dwelling  unit,"  "floor  area,"  "floor area  ratio,"  "lot
coverage,"  "zoning lot," "parties in interest," "use" and "bulk" shall have the
meanings set forth in Section 12-10 of the Zoning Resolution.

     Section 1.5 "Excess  Floor Area  Development  Rights"  shall mean all Floor
Area  Development  Rights  (other  than  Bonus  Floor Area  Development  rights)
pertaining  to  Seller's  Land  which are in excess of the  Retained  Floor Area
Development  Rights as of the date hereof,  and  accordingly,  are available for
transfer  pursuant to the Zoning  Resolution.  The parties  have agreed that the
Excess Floor Area Development Rights include, without limitation, 138,500 square
feet of floor area and 175 dwelling units.

     Section  1.6 "Floor Area  Development  Rights"  shall mean the  rights,  as
determined in accordance with the Zoning Resolution,  which are appurtenant to a
zoning lot,  to develop  such  zoning lot by  erecting  thereon a  structure  or
structures with a total floor area determined (i) by multiplying the area of the
zoning lot by the  maximum  allowable  floor area  ratio for  structures  in the
zoning  district or districts in which such zoning lot is located,  and (ii) any
bulk and density rights  permitted under the Zoning  Resolution and which may be
authorized  to be  developed by the  appropriate  agency of the City of New York
from time to time.

     Section  1.7   "Governmental   Agency"   shall  mean  any  public   benefit
corporation, commission, board, agency, or instrumentality of the United States,
the State of New York and the City of New York, including without limitation the
New York City Departments of Buildings, City Planning, Environmental Protection,
and  Housing  Preservation  and  Development  and the  New  York  City  Planning
Commission,   Board  of  Standards  and  Appeals  and   Landmarks   Preservation
Commission.

     Section 1.8 "Lease"  shall mean that certain  lease dated  October 16, 2002
between Seller,  as landlord,  and The City Of New York,  Department of Citywide
Administrative Services, Division of Real Estate Services, as tenant.

     Section 1.9  "Retained  Floor Area  Development  Rights" shall mean (i) all
Floor Area Development  Rights  pertaining to Seller's Land that are utilized in
the building and other improvements  thereon, all as of the date hereof and (ii)
all Floor Area Development Rights pertaining to Seller's Land which arise or are
created after December __, 2004 and which, if they had arisen or were created on
or before December __, 2004,  would be Excess Floor Area  Development  Rights or
Bonus Floor Area Development Rights.

     Section  1.10  Section  1.10  "Zoning  Resolution"  shall  mean the  Zoning
Resolution  of the City of New York,  effective  as of  December  15,  1961,  as
amended from time to time.

                                   ARTICLE II

                 GRANT OF EXCESS DEVELOPMENT RIGHTS AND EASEMENT

     Section 2.1 Seller hereby grants,  transfers and conveys to Developer,  its
successors and assigns,  all of the Excess Floor Area Development Rights and all
Bonus Floor Area Development  Rights, to the extent permitted by applicable law,
to have and to hold  with the  right to use or  convey  the  Excess  Floor  Area
Development Rights and the Bonus Floor Area Development Rights. It is understood
that the Bonus Floor Area  Development  Rights  appurtenant to Seller's Land are
being conveyed  without any further  compensation or consideration to Seller and
that,  in the  event  that  Developer  utilizes  any of said  Bonus  Floor  Area
Development  Rights,  Developer shall be solely responsible for all expenses and
obligations  incurred in connection with generating and incorporating said Bonus
Floor  Area  Development   Rights  into  the  Developer's   Proposed   Building.
Accordingly,  it is understood  and agreed that neither Seller nor any person or
entity  claiming  by,  under or through  Seller  shall have any right,  title or
interest in or to the Excess Floor Area  Development  Rights and the Bonus Floor
Area  Development  Rights,  and that Seller is retaining  for its  benefit,  and
Developer shall no rights in and to, the Retained Floor Area Development Rights.

     Section  2.2   Notwithstanding  the  provisions  of  Section  2.1  of  this
Agreement,  (a) Seller shall not use any Retained Floor Area Development  Rights
in excess of the Floor Area Development  Rights used in Seller's Building on the
date  hereof  if  such  use  adversely  affects  the  availability  to or use by
Developer of all or any portion of the Excess Floor Area  Development  Rights or
the Bonus Floor Area Development  Rights,  and Developer shall not use any Floor
Area  Development  Rights in  excess  of the  amount  of  Developer  Floor  Area
Development  Rights as of the date  hereof  if such use  adversely  affects  the
availability  to or use by  Seller  of all or  any  portion  of the  Floor  Area
Development Rights used in Seller's Building on the date hereof.

     Section 2.3 Seller  hereby  grants,  transfers  and conveys to Developer an
exclusive  perpetual  easement for light,  air and view over and above  Seller's
Building (the "Easement") as hereinafter  provided.  Except as and to the extent
required by the Lease and by applicable  laws, rules and regulations and for the
accommodation of available and commercially  reasonable  technology No building,
structure,  devices  or  equipment  will  be  constructed,  installed,  altered,
replaced or allowed on Seller's  Property,  at a height above the present height
of the roof except for parapets,  bulkheads,_________________________[LIST OTHER
SPECIFIC  STRUCTURES,  DEVICES  AND  EQUIPMENT]  as they now  exist on  Seller's
Building as depicted on the survey  annexed  hereto as Exhibit E (the  "Existing
Survey") and as shown in the copies of  photographs  annexed hereto as Exhibit F
(each being an "Existing  Obstruction");  provided,  that,  except to the extent
required to accommodate such available and commercially  reasonable  technology,
any such permitted new, altered or replacement  building,  structure,  device or
equipment:  (a) shall be of substantially  the same or of lesser height than the
Existing  Obstruction it alters or replaces;  (b) shall have  substantially  the
same or a smaller footprint than the Existing Obstruction it alters or replaces;
(c) shall occupy  substantially  the same or a smaller  volume of space than the
Existing  Obstruction  it  alters  or  replaces;  and (d)  shall be  located  in
substantially  the same location or more distant from Developer's  Property than
the Existing Obstruction it replaces.

                                  ARTICLE III

       CONSTRUCTION ON THE COMBINED ZONING LOT/COOPERATION OF THE PARTIES

     Section  3.1  Developer  covenants  that prior to the  commencement  of any
demolition,  construction and other work in connection with Developer's Proposed
Building, Developer shall procure from a responsible insurance carrier liability
insurance  coverage,  in  an  amount  not  less  than  Fifteen  Million  Dollars
($15,000,000),  against the risk of physical  damage to  Seller's  Property  and
personal  injury and death from such work and maintain such insurance  until the
issuance  of a temporary  certificate  of  occupancy  for  Developer's  Proposed
Building.  The foregoing  insurance shall name Seller as additional  insured (as
its interest may appear).  Upon  request from Seller,  Developer  shall  deliver
certificate(s)  of such  insurance to Seller,  which  certificate(s)  shall also
provide that such policies  shall not be canceled or  terminated  until at least
twenty (20) days after notifying Seller of such cancellation or termination.  If
the liability  insurance  required to be procured by Developer  pursuant to this
Section 3.1 is terminated  or lapses for any reason,  then Seller shall have the
right to procure such liability  insurance at the cost and expense of Developer,
together  with  interest  thereon at a rate equal to the prime rate from time to
time at Citibank, N.A. plus 3% (the "Interest Rate").

     Section 3.2 In connection with any work on Developer's Property (including,
without  limitation,   the  construction  of  Developer's   Proposed  Building),
Developer  shall, at its sole cost and expense,  observe strictly and punctually
the obligations set forth in subdivisions (a) to (e) inclusive:

     (a) Use and cause all persons and entities and their  respective  employees
or  subcontractors  performing  work at or supplying  materials  to  Developer's
Property  to use such  means of  demolition,  excavation  and  construction  and
procedures  therefor  as are  commercially  reasonable  to protect  against  any
physical  damage to  Seller's  Building  or to the  utilities  serving  Seller's
Property;

     (b) Use and cause all persons and entities and their  respective  employees
or  subcontractors  performing  work at or supplying  materials  to  Developer's
Property to use such commercially reasonable means of demolition, excavation and
construction  and  procedures  therefor as may be required so that the work will
not prevent,  unreasonably  interfere with, disrupt, or obstruct the present use
of Seller's Property;

     (c)  Comply  with  all  applicable  codes  and  laws  with  respect  to (i)
protection  against physical damage to Seller's Building or to utilities serving
Seller's Property;  (ii) protection against unreasonable  material disruption or
interference  with the use of or  access  to  Seller's  Property;  and (iii) the
making of repairs to Seller's Property or to utilities serving Seller's Property
in the event of any physical damage thereto; and

     (d) If notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, Developer damages Seller's
Building or the  utilities  serving  Seller's  Property in  connection  with the
demolition,  excavation,  construction  or other work on  Developer's  Property,
including,   without  limitation,   the  construction  of  Developer's  Proposed
Building,  Seller may repair or remedy  such damage at the sole cost and expense
of Developer as provided  below.  Seller shall promptly give notice to Developer
of any such damage so that  Developer  or its  insurance  agent or adjuster  may
inspect any such damage.  If Seller  incurs any costs and expenses in connection
with the  repair  and  restoration  of any damage to  Seller's  Building  or the
utilities serving Seller's Property caused by Developer, then within thirty (30)
days  after  demand  (which  demand  shall  include   reasonable   documentation
evidencing the costs and expenses  incurred by Seller),  Developer  shall pay to
Seller  or shall  cause  its  insurance  carrier  to pay to  Seller  any and all
reasonable  out-of-pocket  costs and expenses incurred by Seller,  together with
interest  thereon from and after the due date at the Interest Rate until paid in
full. In no event shall Seller be responsible  for the payment of any deductible
to any insurance carrier of Developer. As used in this Section 3.2(d), the terms
"Seller's Building" and "Seller's  Property" shall include,  without limitation,
all interior as well as structural and exterior  portions of Seller's  Building,
all vaults under the  sidewalks  adjacent to Seller's  Land,  and all  fixtures,
installations and items of personal property that are at anytime located within,
or are at any time on or attached to, the exterior of Seller's Building.

     Section 3.3 Developer and Seller agree that Developer shall have the rights
set forth in this Section 3.3 during the  construction  of Developer's  Proposed
Building.

     (a) As  Developer  desires to provide for the safety of the  occupants  the
Seller's  Property,  and the  protection  of property of all parties  during the
construction  of the  Developer's  Proposed  Building,  Seller  hereby grants to
Developer  certain  easements of access onto Seller's  Property  (the  "Seller's
Construction  Easements")  for (i) the  attachment  of  foundation  and building
supports and shoring to and bracing  Seller's  Building;  (ii) the erection of a
scaffold  as  required  by the  Building  Code of the New York  City  ("Building
Code"),  a  sidewalk  bridge as  required  by the  Building  Code or such  other
temporary  structure  over the roof,  facade  and  other  portions  of  Seller's
Building  as is  necessary  to protect  such  building  from  debris  during the
construction of the Developer's Proposed Building, including access by personnel
only (and not by construction or protection materials, construction equipment or
tools other than small, handheld tools) to the interior of the Seller's Building
for purposes of installing,  maintaining and removing  protection on the roof of
the Seller's Building;  and (iii) the maintenance,  repairing and replacement of
such  attachments;  and  (iv)  the  conduct  of a  "Preconstruction  Survey"  to
document,  by use of photography or video and other means,  existing conditions;
provided same shall not involve any invasive testing,  borings, or samplings, at
such time as may be reasonably agreed upon by Developer and Seller.

     (b) In connection with and during the construction of Developer's  Proposed
Building,  Developer may desire to install scaffolding and/or hang rigging on or
in the airspace above Seller's Building. Seller hereby consents to such activity
and grants  Developer  a license to utilize the roof of and the  airspace  above
Seller's  Building;  provided  that (i)  Developer  shall  give  Seller ten (10)
Business  Days  notice of its  intent  to do so and  otherwise  comply  with the
provisions of Section 3.3 (c) of this Agreement in connection therewith.

     (c) Developer shall provide  construction  protection to Seller's Building,
shall exercise the Seller's Construction Easements and shall install scaffolding
and/or  hang  rigging  pursuant  to  Section  3.3(b) of this  Agreement:  (i) in
accordance  with all applicable  legal  requirements  and in a prompt,  safe and
efficient manner; (ii) in a manner so as not to unreasonably  interfere with the
structural  integrity  and the  use,  occupancy  or  enjoyment  of the  Seller's
Building,  (iii) taking such  precautions  as may be necessary or appropriate to
prevent damage to adjacent or adjoining  property;  and (iv) in accordance  with
good  construction  practices and in a manner customary for such improvements or
work.

     (d) In connection  with,  and during the  construction  of the  Developer's
Proposed  Building,  Developer  intends to operate a crane or like  equipment on
Developer's Land or the street or sidewalk  adjacent to Developer's  Land, which
may, from time to time, encroach upon the Seller's Property and/or the air space
above the  Seller's  Building.  Seller  hereby  consents  to such  encroachment;
provided  that  Developer  gives  Seller ten (10) days notice prior to operating
such crane and provided that the crane or other equipment, (i) shall be operated
in a good and  workmanlike  manner and in accordance  with all applicable  legal
requirements  (including,  without  limitation,  the obtaining of and compliance
with all  required  permits and other  governmental  approvals),  (ii) shall not
touch the Seller's Building, and (iii) shall not block or unreasonably interfere
with any means of ingress to or egress from Seller's  Building.  Developer shall
remove  the crane or other  equipment  from  Developer's  Land or the  street or
sidewalk  adjacent  thereto at its sole cost and  expense as soon as  reasonably
practicable  after  completion  of  construction  of  the  Developer's  Proposed
Building.

     (e) It is understood  and agreed that the agreements  and  undertakings  of
Seller in this Section 3.3 are subject to the  provisions  of the Lease and that
Seller shall not be deemed in default hereof because it is unable to provide any
one or more of the  easements  described  herein  if the Lease  does not  permit
Seller  to grant  such  easement(s)  so long as  Seller  has  made  commercially
reasonable  efforts to  persuade  its  tenant  under the Lease to  cooperate  in
providing such easement(s) and/or made commercially reasonable efforts to devise
alternative means of providing them.

     Section  3.4  Seller  covenants  that  prior  to  the  commencement  of any
demolition,  construction  and other work in connection  with the  alteration or
replacement  of Seller's  Building,  Seller  shall  procure  from a  responsible
insurance carrier liability insurance  coverage,  in an amount not less than and
amount equal to the product of Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000)  multiplied
by the increase in the Consumer  Price Index for all urban  consumers in the New
York-New Jersey-Long Island Metropolitan  Statistical Area (or, if such index is
no longer published,  a mutually acceptable index) between December 2004 and the
date on which Seller files an application  for such  alteration or  replacement,
against the risk of physical damage to Developer's  Property  (including without
limitation  Developer's  Proposed  Building) and personal  injury and death from
such work and  maintain  such  insurance  until the issuance of a new or amended
temporary certificate of occupancy such alteration or replacement. The foregoing
insurance  shall name  Developer  as  additional  insured (as its  interest  may
appear).  Upon request from Developer,  Seller shall deliver  certificate(s)  of
such insurance to Developer,  which  certificate(s) shall also provide that such
policies  shall not be canceled or  terminated  until at least  twenty (20) days
after notifying Developer of such cancellation or termination.  If the liability
insurance  required  to be procured  by Seller  pursuant to this  Section 3.1 is
terminated  or lapses for any  reason,  then  Developer  shall have the right to
procure such  liability  insurance  at the cost and expense of Seller,  together
with interest thereon at a rate equal to the Interest Rate.

     Section 3.5 In connection  with any work on Seller's  Property  (including,
without limitation, the alteration or replacement of Seller's Building),  Seller
shall,  at its sole  cost and  expense,  observe  strictly  and  punctually  the
obligations set forth in subdivisions (a) to (e) inclusive:

     (a) Use and cause all persons and entities and their  respective  employees
or subcontractors performing work at or supplying materials to Seller's Property
to use such means of  demolition,  excavation  and  construction  and procedures
therefor as are  commercially  reasonable to protect against any physical damage
to Developer's Building or to the utilities serving Developer's Property;

     (b) Use and cause all persons and entities and their  respective  employees
or subcontractors performing work at or supplying materials to Seller's Property
to  use  such  commercially  reasonable  means  of  demolition,  excavation  and
construction  and  procedures  therefor as may be required so that the work will
not  prevent,  unreasonably  interfere  with,  disrupt,  or obstruct  the use of
Developer's Property;

     (c)  Comply  with  all  applicable  codes  and  laws  with  respect  to (i)
protection  against  physical  damage to  Developer's  Building or to  utilities
serving  Developer's  Property;  (ii) protection against  unreasonable  material
disruption or  interference  with the use of or access to Developer's  Property;
and (iii) the making of repairs to Developer's  Property or to utilities serving
Developer's Property in the event of any physical damage thereto; and

     (d) If notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, Seller damages Developer's
Building  or the  utilities  serving  Developer's  Property in  connection  with
demolition,  excavation,  construction  or  other  work  on  Seller's  Property,
including,  without  limitation,  the  alteration  or  replacement  of  Seller's
Building,  Developer  may  repair  or  remedy  such  damage at the sole cost and
expense of Seller as provided  below.  Developer  shall  promptly give notice to
Seller of any such damage so that Seller or its insurance  agent or adjuster may
inspect  any such  damage.  If  Developer  incurs  any  costs  and  expenses  in
connection with the repair and restoration of any damage to Developer's Building
or the utilities  serving  Developer's  Property  caused by Seller,  then within
thirty  (30)  days  after  demand  (which   demand  shall   include   reasonable
documentation  evidencing the costs and expenses incurred by Developer),  Seller
shall pay to Developer or shall cause its insurance  carrier to pay to Developer
any and all reasonable  out-of-pocket  costs and expenses incurred by Developer,
together with interest  thereon from and after the due date at the Interest Rate
until paid in full. In no event shall  Developer be responsible  for the payment
of any  deductible to any insurance  carrier of Seller.  As used in this Section
3.5 (d), the terms  "Developer's  Building"  and  "Developer's  Property"  shall
include,  without  limitation,  all interior as well as structural  and exterior
portions of  Developer's  Building,  all vaults under the sidewalks  adjacent to
Developer's Land, and all fixtures, installations and items of personal property
that are at anytime  located  within,  or are at any time on or attached to, the
exterior of Developer's Building.

     Section 3.6  Developer  and Seller  agree that Seller shall have the rights
set forth in this Section 3.6 during the  alteration or  replacement of Seller's
Building.

     (a) As Seller  desires  to  provide  for the  safety of the  occupants  the
Developer's  Property,  and the protection of property of all parties during the
alteration or replacement of the Seller's  Building,  Developer hereby grants to
Seller certain  easements of access onto Developer's  Property (the "Developer's
Construction  Easements")  for (i) the  attachment  of  foundation  and building
supports and shoring to and bracing Developer's Building; (ii) the erection of a
scaffold  as  required  by the  Building  Code of the New York  City  ("Building
Code"),  a  sidewalk  bridge as  required  by the  Building  Code or such  other
temporary  structure  over the roof,  facade and other  portions of  Developer's
Building  as is  necessary  to protect  such  building  from  debris  during the
alteration or replacement of Seller's  Building,  including  access by personnel
only (and not by construction or protection materials, construction equipment or
tools  other than small,  handheld  tools) to the  interior  of the  Developer's
Building for purposes of installing,  maintaining and removing protection on the
roof of the  Developer's  Building;  and (iii) the  maintenance,  repairing  and
replacement  of such  attachments;  and (iv) the  conduct of a  "Preconstruction
Survey" to document,  by use of photography  or video and other means,  existing
conditions;  provided same shall not involve any invasive testing,  borings,  or
samplings,  at such  time as may be  reasonably  agreed  upon by  Developer  and
Seller.

     (b) In connection with and during the alteration or replacement of Seller's
Building,  Seller may desire to install scaffolding and/or hang rigging on or in
the airspace  above  Developer's  Building.  Developer  hereby  consents to such
activity  and grants  Seller a license to utilize  the roof of and the  airspace
above  Developer's  Building;  provided that (i) Seller shall give Developer ten
(10) Business  Days notice of its intent to do so and otherwise  comply with the
provisions of Section 3.6 (c) of this Agreement in connection therewith.

     (c) Seller shall provide construction  protection to Developer's  Building,
shall exercise the Seller's Construction Easements and shall install scaffolding
and/or  hang  rigging  pursuant  to  Section  3.6(b) of this  Agreement:  (i) in
accordance  with all applicable  legal  requirements  and in a prompt,  safe and
efficient manner; (ii) in a manner so as not to unreasonably  interfere with the
structural  integrity  and the use,  occupancy or  enjoyment of the  Developer's
Building,  (iii) taking such  precautions  as may be necessary or appropriate to
prevent damage to adjacent or adjoining  property;  and (iv) in accordance  with
good  construction  practices and in a manner customary for such improvements or
work.

     (d) In  connection  with,  and  during the  alteration  or  replacement  of
Seller's Building, Seller may operate a crane or like equipment on Seller's Land
or the street or sidewalk  adjacent to Seller's  Land,  which may,  from time to
time,  encroach  upon the  Developer's  Property  and/or the air space above the
Developer's Building.  Developer hereby consents to such encroachment;  provided
that Seller gives  Developer ten (10) days notice prior to operating  such crane
and provided that the crane or other equipment,  (i) shall be operated in a good
and workmanlike  manner and in accordance with all applicable legal requirements
(including,  without  limitation,  the  obtaining  of and  compliance  with  all
required  permits and other  governmental  approvals),  (ii) shall not touch the
Developer's Building,  and (iii) shall not block or unreasonably  interfere with
any means of ingress to or egress from Developer's Building. Seller shall remove
the crane or other  equipment  from  Seller's  Land or the  street  or  sidewalk
adjacent thereto at its sole cost and expense as soon as reasonably  practicable
after completion of alteration or replacement of Seller's Building.

     (e) It is understood  and agreed that the agreements  and  undertakings  of
Developer  in this  Section 3.6 are subject to the  provisions  of any leases or
other  occupancy  agreements  affecting  Developer's  Property  as of the period
during  which  Seller  is  altering  or  replacing  Seller's  Building  and that
Developer  shall not be deemed in default hereof because it is unable to provide
any one or more of the  easements  described  herein  if any of such  leases  or
occupancy agreements does not permit Developer to grant such easement(s) so long
as Developer has made commercially  reasonable efforts to persuade its tenant(s)
or  occupant(s)  under such  leases or  occupancy  agreements  to  cooperate  in
providing such easement(s) and/or made commercially reasonable efforts to devise
alternative means of providing them.

     Section 3.7 (a) Developer shall indemnify and hold the Seller harmless from
and  against  any and all  costs,  losses,  liabilities  and  claims  (including
reasonable  attorneys'  fees and  expenses)  for  injury or death to  persons or
damage to  property  arising  out of any work on  Developer's  Property  and the
construction of Developer's Proposed Building.

     (b) Seller shall indemnify and hold Developer harmless from and against all
costs, losses,  liabilities and claims (including  reasonable attorneys fees and
expenses)  for injury or death to persons or damage to  property  arising out of
any work on Seller's Property and Seller's Building, including any Alteration or
Rebuilding (both as hereinafter defined) thereof.

     Section  3.8  (a)  Seller  covenants  and  agrees  that  no new  buildings,
improvements,  alterations or additions  ("Alterations") shall be constructed or
allowed to exist on Seller's Property,  and no reconstruction,  replacement,  or
rebuilding  ("Rebuilding"),  whether following a casualty or otherwise, shall be
undertaken  of the Seller's  Building if such  Alteration  or  Rebuilding or any
portion thereof (i) creates a non-compliance  with any requirement of the Zoning
Resolution, the Building Code or any other applicable laws in effect at the time
of such  Alteration  or  Rebuilding,  (ii)  utilizes any Floor Area  Development
Rights  in  excess of the  Retained  Floor  Area  Development  Rights,  or (iii)
encroaches into the Easement.

     (b)  Seller  covenants  and  agrees  not to create  or  permit to exist,  a
violation of the Zoning  Resolution  or any building  code,  fire code, or other
law,  ordinance or regulation in effect with respect to Seller's  Property which
would (a) materially  delay,  hinder or prevent  issuance of a building or other
work permit or a Certificate of Occupancy for the Developer's  Proposed Building
or any other building  existing or to be  constructed  on Developer's  Land, (b)
prevent  the  issuance  of a  building  permit or any other  permit or  approval
required by law to alter, repair, maintain, build or rebuild any building on the
Combined   Zoning  Lot,  or  (c)  create  a  new,  or  increase  any   existing,
non-conforming use or non-compliance under the Zoning Resolution with respect to
the Seller's Property (any one of which shall be a "Violation").

     (i) If at any time  hereafter  there  exists any  Violation on the Seller's
Property,  Seller shall commence a cure within thirty (30) days after  receiving
notice of the same from Developer, and shall proceed diligently and continuously
to make all reasonable  efforts to cure, remove and discharge of record the same
as rapidly as possible.

     (ii) In the event that the Seller does not  commence  such cure and proceed
diligently  and  continuously  with such cure as required by this  Section  3.5,
Developer shall have the right to cure such Violation at the expense and for the
account of Seller  (and,  if  necessary,  in the name of Seller) and Seller will
execute and deliver such  documents as may be required in connection  therewith,
it being agreed that  Developer  shall have a license to have access to Seller's
Property  for the purpose of effecting  such cure;  provided  however  Developer
covenants and agrees that such access and cure (i) shall only occur after notice
to Seller, (ii) except in the event of an emergency as reasonably  determined by
Developer,   shall  only  occur  at  reasonable   times,  and  (iii)  shall  not
unreasonably interfere with Seller's use and occupancy of Seller's Building; and
provided,  further,  that during the period of such  access and cure,  Developer
shall procure and maintain liability insurance, naming Seller (and any mortgagee
of Seller's Property of which Developer has notice) as an additional insured, in
the form and in the amount customarily carried in connection with the access and
cure of such Violation. In addition,  Developer may, at its option, maintain any
action  permitted at law or in equity or by statute  against Seller with respect
to such  Violation,  including,  without  limitation,  an action for  injunctive
relief to compel Seller to cure such Violation.

     (iii) If  Developer is compelled or elects to expend any sum of money or do
any acts  which  require  the  payment  of money by  reason of  complying  with,
remedying or curing a Violation on the Seller's  Property,  Seller  shall,  upon
demand,  promptly  reimburse  Developer  all such sums  together  with  interest
thereon at the prime rate of Citibank, compounded monthly, from the date of such
expenditure.  Such  expenses  shall  be  limited  to  reasonable  and  customary
third-party  expenses  which  are  necessary  to cure  such  Violations.  Seller
reserves the right to contest such  Violations and reserves the right to contest
any expenditures made by Developer to cure such Violations.

     Section 3.9 (a) Developer covenants and agrees that no Alterations shall be
constructed or allowed to exist on the Developer's  Property,  and no Alteration
or Rebuilding of the Developer's Proposed Building, whether following a casualty
or otherwise, shall be undertaken if such Alteration or Rebuilding (i) creates a
non-compliance with any requirement of the Zoning Resolution,  the Building Code
or any  other  applicable  laws in  effect  at the  time of such  Alteration  or
Rebuilding that materially  affects the Seller's  Property or Seller's rights as
set forth in this  Agreement,  or (ii)  utilizes any of the Retained  Floor Area
Development Rights.

     (b)  Developer  covenants  and  agrees  not to  create or permit to exist a
Violation with respect to the Developer's Property.

(i) If at any time  hereafter  there  exists any  Violation  on the  Developer's
property,  Developer  shall  commence  a cure  within  thirty  (30)  days  after
receiving  notice  of the same from  Seller  and shall  proceed  diligently  and
continuously  to make all  reasonable  efforts to cure,  remove and discharge of
record the same as rapidly as possible.

(ii) In the  event  that  Developer  does not  commence  such  cure and  proceed
diligently  and  continuously  with such cure as required by this  Section  3.6,
Seller  shall have the right to cure such  Violation  at the expense and for the
account of Developer (and if necessary,  in the name of Developer) and Developer
will  execute  and deliver  such  documents  as may be  required  in  connection
therewith,  it being  agreed that Seller  shall have a license to have access to
the  Developer's  Property  for the  purpose of  effecting  such cure;  provided
however  Seller  covenants  and agrees  that such access and cure (i) shall only
occur after  notice to  Developer,  (ii) except in the event of an  emergency as
reasonably determined by Seller, shall only occur at reasonable times, and (iii)
shall not  unreasonably  interfere  with  Developer's  use and  occupancy of the
Developer's Proposed Building; and provided,  further, that during the period of
such access and cure,  Seller shall  procure and maintain  liability  insurance,
naming Developer (and any mortgagee of the Developer's  Property of which Seller
has notice) as an additional  insured, in the form and in the amount customarily
carried in connection with the access and cure of such  Violation.  In addition,
Seller may, at its option,  maintain any action permitted at law or in equity or
by statute against Developer with respect to such Violation , including, without
limitation,  an action for  injunctive  relief to compel  Developer to cure such
Violation.

(iii) If Seller is compelled or elects to expend any sum of money or do any acts
which  require the payment of money by reason of  complying  with,  remedying or
curing a Violation on the Developer's  Property,  Developer shall,  upon demand,
promptly  reimburse  Seller all such sums together with interest  thereon at the
prime rate of Citibank,  compounded monthly,  from the date of such expenditure.
Such expenses shall be limited to reasonable and customary  third party expenses
which are  necessary to cure such  Violations.  Developer  reserves the right to
contest such Violations and reserves the right to contest any expenditures  made
by Seller to cure such Violations.

     Section  3.10  Except to comply  with the  applicable  requirements  of any
Governmental  Agencies to note and effectuate the Combined Zoning Lot, Developer
and  Seller  agree  that  construction   plans  and   specifications   for,  and
applications  for certificates of occupancy of, any building on Developer's Land
shall be separate and  independent  from those for any building on Seller's Land
and that  construction  plans  and  specifications  for,  and  applications  for
certificates  of occupancy  of, any building on Seller's  Land shall be separate
and  independent  from those for any building on Developer's  Land; and that any
such  plans,  specifications  and  applications  shall  be  so  filed  with  the
Department  of Buildings  of the City of New York,  as to obtain  separate  "new
building" and/or "alteration" numbers.

     Section 3.11 Seller and Developer agree that for real property tax purposes
Seller's  Property and  Developer's  Property shall be, and shall continue to be
treated  as,  separate  and  independent  lots,  plots and  parcels.  Seller and
Developer expect that the assessed  valuation of, and the taxes imposed against,
Seller's Property and Developer's  Property shall be determined on a basis which
treats Seller's  Property and  Developer's  Property as separate and independent
tax lots and which may incorporate within Developer's  Property the Excess Floor
Area Development  Rights and the Bonus Floor Area Development Rights conveyed to
Developer under this Agreement.  Developer agrees, at its sole cost, to promptly
make all  applications  required,  if and to the  extent so  required,  to cause
Developer's  Property  (including,  without  limitation,   Developer's  Proposed
Building,  the Excess  Floor Area  Development  Rights and the Bonus  Floor Area
Development  Rights) and Seller's Property to continue to be treated as separate
tax lots or, if they are merged into one tax lot, to obtain an  apportionment of
the taxes and tax lien between Developer's  Property (including the Excess Floor
Area  Development  Rights  and the Bonus  Floor  Area  Development  Rights)  and
Seller's Property.  Each party agrees hereafter to execute such documents as may
reasonably be required in support of the  separateness of Seller's  Property and
Developer's  Property  as tax  lots,  or if they  should  not be  classified  by
applicable  government  authority  as  separate  tax  lots,  in  support  of  an
apportionment  of  the  taxes  and  tax  lien  between  Seller's   Property  and
Developer's  Property,  taking into account the  acquisition by Developer of the
Excess  Floor  Area  Development  Rights and the Bonus  Floor  Area  Development
Rights;   provided  that  all  costs  and  expenses  in   connection   with  the
apportionment of such taxes shall be the responsibility of Developer. Seller and
Developer  also agree that they will not  hereafter do anything to oppose either
such separate tax lots or such apportionments of taxes and tax liens.

     Section 3.12  Developer  and Seller agree,  each with the other,  that they
will  cooperate  with each  other in all  reasonable  respects  to carry out the
intent of the foregoing  paragraphs  and that further they will  cooperate  with
each other in the future use and  development of the Combined Zoning Lot so that
each of them can utilize its rights under this Agreement.  Without  limiting the
generality of the foregoing,  Seller and Developer agree that each shall consent
to,  authorize or join in any application or applications  which either may deem
necessary or desirable to any Governmental  Agency (each, an "Application") and,
upon the request of the other,  furnish the party  making such  request with all
additional  consents,   information,   documents  and  instruments  required  to
effectuate the conveyance and use of the Excess Floor Area  Development  Rights,
the Bonus  Floor Area  Development  Rights and the  Easement as provided in this
Agreement  and to gain  approval  of each  such  Application.  Unless  otherwise
specifically set forth herein,  the party making the request shall pay the other
party's reasonable costs or expenses in furnishing such applications,  consents,
information, documents and other instruments.

     Section  3.13  Developer  and  Seller  agree  that  neither  shall make any
application to any Governmental  Agency which would reasonably be anticipated to
affect  rights of the other party as a  participant  in the Combined  Zoning Lot
without prior written notice to such other party.

     Section 3.14 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Developer and
Seller  acknowledge  and  agree  that this  Agreement  and the  Declaration  are
intended  solely to create the Combined Zoning Lot, to transfer to Developer the
Excess  Floor  Area  Development  Rights and the Bonus  Floor  Area  Development
Rights,  to  grant to  Developer  the  Easement,  to  regulate  the  rights  and
obligations of the parties hereto and to impose the  restrictions  upon Seller's
Property  as set  forth  in  Article  1  hereof,  and  that,  except  as  herein
specifically  set forth,  each party hereto  retains full  ownership and control
over its own property.

     Section 3.15 (a) If,  following a validly  enacted  amendment of the Zoning
Resolution reducing the Floor Area Development Rights ascribable to the Combined
Zoning Lot (a  "Downzoning"),  only one of the buildings on the Combined  Zoning
Lot suffers a casualty and cannot  lawfully be restored to its former bulk, then
any  Rebuilding of such building  undertaken on the Premises shall be limited to
the lesser of (i) the Floor Area  Development  Rights  allocated  to the Land on
which the building that suffered the casualty was formerly  situated or (ii) the
amount of Floor Area  Development  Rights available at such time which would not
reduce  or  otherwise   adversely  affect  the  Floor  Area  Development  Rights
incorporated  into or attributable to any other buildings on the Combined Zoning
Lot which did not suffer any casualty.

     (b) If,  following  a  Downzoning,  more than one of the  Buildings  on the
Combined  Zoning Lot suffers a casualty  and such  Buildings  cannot be lawfully
restored to their former bulk,  then any  Rebuilding  undertaken on the Combined
Zoning  Lot shall be limited by such  Downzoning  such that each  parcel of Land
shall be  entitled  to its pro rata share of the Floor Area  Development  Rights
(exclusive of any Bonus Floor Area  Development  Rights)  available after taking
into account any buildings  remaining on the Combined  Zoning Lot following such
casualty. The pro rata share of Floor Area Development Rights for each parcel of
land  shall be  determined  by  multiplying  the Floor Area  Development  Rights
(exclusive of Bonus Floor Area  Development  Rights) then unused on the Combined
Zoning  Lot by a  fraction  that  has a  denominator  equal  to the  Floor  Area
Development   Rights   (exclusive  of  Bonus  Floor  Area  Development   Rights)
appurtenant to the Combined  Zoning Lot as of the date of this Agreement and has
a numerator  equal to either the  Developer  Floor Area  Development  Rights (to
determine  Developer's  pro rata  share) or the Floor  Area  Development  Rights
utilized in Seller's  Building as of the date hereof (to determine  Seller's pro
rata  share).  Developer  shall have the right to utilize  any Bonus  Floor Area
Development Rights then available for use in addition to its pro rata share.

     (c) If a validly enacted amendment of the Zoning  Resolution  increases the
Floor Area  Development  Rights  ascribable  to the  Combined  Zoning Lot or any
portion thereof (an "Upzoning"), then Seller shall be entitled to any additional
Floor Area Development  Rights ascribable to the Seller's Property and Developer
shall be entitled to any additional Floor Area Development  Rights ascribable to
the Developer's Property.

     Section 3.16 Seller  agrees to cause the  Certificate  of Occupancy for the
Seller's  Building  to be  amended so as to  indicate  the  existence  or future
existence  of the  Combined  Zoning  Lot,  provided  that  (i)  the  application
therefore shall be prepared by Developer at Developer's expense and forwarded to
Seller  for  Seller's  execution  and (ii)  Developer  shall  pay any  permit or
application  fees imposed on such  application.  In the event that Developer has
forwarded  such  application  for a change in Certificate of Occupancy to Seller
and Seller has not executed such  applications  within ten (10) Business Days of
receipt thereof, then Developer shall have the right to make such application in
its own name,  on behalf of Seller  and to  execute  and  deliver  to the agency
reviewing such application a statement  stating that the Developer is authorized
to file such application on behalf of Seller.

     Section  3.17  In  compliance  with  Section  13 of the  Lien  Law,  Seller
covenants  that it will receive  consideration  for the conveyance of the Excess
Development  Rights under this Agreement and will hold the right to receive such
consideration  as a trust fund to be applied first for the purpose of paying the
cost of  Seller's  Building  and will apply the same first to the payment of the
cost of Seller's Building before using any part of the total of the same for any
other purpose.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                                    REMEDIES

     Section  4.1 The  parties  hereto  agree that in the event of any breach or
threatened breach of this Agreement by any party, the non-defaulting party shall
have the right to any  remedy  available  at law or equity,  including,  without
limitation,  injunctive relief, provided that neither party shall have the right
to terminate this Agreement or the  Declaration  without the written  consent of
the other party.  In any action or proceeding  brought under or pursuant to this
Agreement,  the  losing  party  shall pay the  reasonable  legal  fees and other
expenses of the  prevailing  party upon  receipt of a bill or  statement  to the
other party therefor.

     Section 4.2  Notwithstanding  anything to the  contrary  contained  herein,
Developer  shall look only to Seller's  interest in  Seller's  Property  (or the
proceeds  thereof)  and  Seller  shall  look  only to  Developer's  interest  in
Developer's  Property (or the  proceeds  thereof)  for the  satisfaction  of the
remedies of Developer  or Seller,  as the case may be, for the  collection  of a
judgment (or other judicial process) requiring the payment of money by the other
party in the event of any default  hereunder by such other  party,  and no other
property or assets of either party or its principals,  disclosed or undisclosed,
shall be subject  to levy,  execution  or other  enforcement  procedure  for the
satisfaction  of the  other  party's  remedies  hereunder.  Notwithstanding  the
foregoing provisions of this Section, however, Seller and Developer each reserve
the right to the remedies of specific performance and injunction.

                                   ARTICLE V

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

     Section 5.1 Except as stated in this Agreement,  the exhibits and schedules
annexed  hereto,   this  Agreement   contains  all  the  promises,   agreements,
conditions,  inducements  and  understandings  between  parties  relative to the
matters stated herein and therein,  and there are no oral promises,  agreements,
conditions,   understandings,   inducements,   warranties  or   representations,
expressed  or implied,  between the parties  other than as set forth  herein and
therein.  This  Agreement  may not be modified,  amended,  changed or terminated
orally, but only by an instrument signed by both parties hereto.

     Section 5.2 The Article  headings  are inserted  for  convenience  only and
shall not affect the construction of this Agreement.

     Section  5.3  All of  the  grants,  interests,  covenants,  agreements  and
conditions  contained  in this  Agreement:  (i)  shall  run with the  lands  and
buildings  affected;  (ii) shall,  subject to the provisions of this  Agreement,
inure to the  benefit of and be binding  upon each party to this  Agreement  and
such  party's  successors  and  assigns  as long as they  respectively  have any
interest in Seller's Property or Developer's  Property,  as the case may be; and
(iii) shall,  to the extent  rights  hereunder are assigned to the holder of any
mortgage encumbering  Developer's Property or Seller's Property, or any interest
therein,  be  enforceable  by such holder or any assignee  thereof after default
under any such mortgage.

     Section 5.4 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the respective
interests  of  Seller  and  Developer  shall not merge or be deemed to have been
merged  hereunder or otherwise by reason of the common  ownership of Developer's
Property and Seller's Property.

     Section 5.5 This Agreement shall be recorded in the Conveyances  Section of
the Office of the City Register for New York County.

     Section 5.6 This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance
with the  internal  laws of the  State  of New York  without  giving  effect  to
principles of conflicts of law.

     Section 5.7 Any failure by a party hereto (collectively and/or individually
referred to as the "non-waiving party") to insist upon the strict performance by
the other party hereto of any of the provisions of this  Agreement  shall not be
deemed a waiver of any of the  provisions  hereof,  and the  non-waiving  party,
notwithstanding such failure, shall have the right thereafter to insist upon the
strict  performance  by the other party of any and all of the provisions of this
Agreement to be performed by the other party.

     Section 5.8 All  pronouns  and any  variations  thereof  shall be deemed to
refer to the masculine,  feminine, neuter, singular or plural as the identity of
the person or persons may require.  The terms "herein," "hereof," or "hereunder"
or similar terms used in this Agreement  refer to this entire  Agreement and not
to the particular  provision in which the term is used unless a contrary  intent
is expressly set forth.

     Section 5.9 This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall  constitute one and the
same instrument.

     Section 5.10 No breach by any party to this  Agreement of this Agreement or
any  agreement  ancillary  hereto shall have any effect on the  treatment of the
Combined Zoning Lot as one zoning lot for purposes of the Zoning Resolution, and
the Combined Zoning Lot shall be treated as one zoning lot unless and until such
zoning lot is hereafter  subdivided  in  accordance  with the  provisions of the
Zoning Resolution and this Agreement.

     Section  5.11 Seller  agrees,  to  execute,  acknowledge  and deliver  such
further instruments, and take such other or further actions as may be reasonably
required in order for Developer to incorporate the Excess Floor Area Development
Rights and the Bonus Floor Area Development  Rights appurtenant to Seller's Land
into the Developer's Proposed Building.

     Section 5.12 The parties  executing this Agreement agree that any party who
shall acquire any interest whatsoever in the Combined Zoning Lot, whether from a
party hereto or its legal representatives, successors or assigns, shall be bound
by and  subordinate  to  the  provisions  of  this  Agreement,  and  any  future
modifications hereto without having executed such future  modifications,  to the
same extent that it would have been had it been a signatory  to this  Agreement,
or any such future modifications thereto.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                                     NOTICES


     Section  6.1 All  notices  and other  communications  required  to be given
hereunder  shall be in  writing,  signed by the party  giving the same or by its
attorneys,  and  shall be deemed to have  been  duly  given if:  (i)  personally
delivered  with proof of delivery  thereof,  or (ii)  delivered  to an overnight
delivery  service with receipt for  delivery,  or (iii)  deposited in the United
States mail, postage prepaid,  certified with return receipt requested,  or (iv)
transmitted by facsimile, provided that such facsimile transmission is confirmed
within one business day thereafter in the manner set forth in either clause (i),
(ii) or (iii) of this sentence; provided, however, that the time period in which
a response to any such notice,  election,  demand or request must be given shall
commence on the date of receipt  thereof.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  any
notice  required to be given to Developer  in  accordance  with this  Agreement,
shall not be deemed to have been given  unless  such notice has been sent in the
manner  set  forth in  clause  (iii)  above  (unless  such  manner  is no longer
available).  Personal  delivery to a party or to any officer,  partner,  member,
agent or  employee  of such  party at said  address  shall  constitute  receipt.
Rejection or other refusal to accept, or inability to deliver because of changed
address of which no notice has been received, shall also constitute receipt. Any
notice or other  communication  shall be addressed to the respective  parties as
follows:
         if to Seller:                ELPANS, LLC
                                      c/o One Liberty Properties, Inc.
                                      60 Cutter Mill Road
                                      Great Neck, New York 11021
                                      Attention: Jeffrey Fishman

         with copy to:                Herrick, Feinstein LLP
                                      2 Park Avenue
                                      New York, New York  10016
                                      Attention: Jeffrey H. Kaufman, Esq.

         if to Developer:             A.P. Development L.L.C.
                                      c/o United Homes
                                      8720 139th Street
                                      Briarwood, New York 11435
                                      Attention:  Ron Hershco

         with copies to:              Lawrence I. Andelsman, P.C.
                                      114 Old Country Road
                                      Mineola, New York  11501
                                      Attention:  Lawrence I. Andelsman, Esq.

                                      Paul D. Selver, Esq.
                                      Paul, Hastings, Janofsky &
                                      Walker, LLP
                                      75 East 55th Street
                                      New York, New York 10022

                                  ARTICLE VII

                              ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES

     Section  7.1 Upon the  reasonable  request  from  Seller (but not more than
twice in a one (1) year  period),  Developer  shall,  within twenty (20) days of
such  request  from  Seller,  furnish to Seller or  Seller's  designee a written
statement,  stating the following: (i) that this Agreement is then in full force
and effect;  (ii) that this  Agreement  has not been  modified or amended by the
parties hereto (or if modified or amended,  setting forth all such modifications
and amendments); (iii) whether or not Developer has served any written notice of
default to Seller  under  this  Agreement  (and if  served,  whether or not such
default remains uncured); and (iv) that the written statement may be relied upon
by said designee.

     Section 7.2 Upon the  reasonable  request from Developer (but not more than
twice in a one (1) year period),  Seller shall,  within twenty (20) days of such
request from Developer,  furnish to Developer or Developer's  designee a written
statement,  stating the following: (i) that this Agreement is then in full force
and effect;  (ii) that this  Agreement  has not been  modified or amended by the
parties hereto (or if modified or amended,  setting forth all such modifications
and  amendments);  (iii) whether or not Seller has served any written  notice of
default to Developer  under this Agreement  (and if served,  whether or not such
default remains uncured); and (iv) that the written statement may be relied upon
by said designee.

     Section 7.3 The  statements  described  in this  Article VII shall act as a
waiver of any claim by the party  furnishing such certificate to the extent such
claim is based upon facts that are known or should reasonably have been known to
such party and that are contrary to those asserted in such  statement,  but only
to the extent such claim is against a bona fide  encumbrancer  or purchaser  for
value without  knowledge of facts contrary to those  contained in such statement
and who has acted in reasonable  reliance upon such  statement.  Such  statement
shall in no event subject the party  furnishing  it to any liability  whatsoever
(except for fraud), notwithstanding the negligent or inadvertent failure of such
party to disclose correct or relevant information.

                      [THE NEXT PAGE IS THE SIGNATURE PAGE]


     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have caused this  Agreement to be
signed as of the day and year first above written.

                          Seller:

                          ELDANS LLC



                          By: ____________________________________

                          Name:
                          Title



                          Developer:



                          By:_____________________________________

                          Name:
                          Title


STATE OF NEW YORK        )
                         )  ss.:
COUNTY OF NEW YORK       )



     On the ______ day of February in the year 2005, before me, the undersigned,
a   Notary    Public   in   and   for   said    State,    personally    appeared
______________________,  personally  known to me or proved to me on the basis of
satisfactory  evidence  to be the  individual  whose name is  subscribed  to the
within  instrument  and  acknowledged  to me that  he/she  executed  the same in
his/her  capacity,  and  that  by  his/her  signature  on  the  instrument,  the
individual,  or the person upon behalf of which the individual  acted,  executed
the instrument.

                                 ____________________________________
                                           Notary Public






STATE OF NEW YORK     )
                      )  ss.:
COUNTY OF NEW YORK    )



     On the ______ day of February in the year 2005, before me, the undersigned,
a   Notary    Public   in   and   for   said    State,    personally    appeared
______________________,  personally  known to me or proved to me on the basis of
satisfactory  evidence  to be the  individual  whose name is  subscribed  to the
within  instrument  and  acknowledged  to me that  he/she  executed  the same in
his/her  capacity,  and  that  by  his/her  signature  on  the  instrument,  the
individual,  or the person upon behalf of which the individual  acted,  executed
the instrument.

                                 ____________________________________
                                               Notary Public

                                    EXHIBIT A

                                Seller's Property


                                    EXHIBIT B

                              Developer's Property


                                    EXHIBIT C

                                   Declaration


                                    EXHIBIT D

                        Parties in Interest Certification
                                    Exhibit E

                                 Existing Survey


                                    Exhibit F

                                   Photographs





<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT E

          Waiver of Execution of Declaration of Zoning Lot Restrictions
                          and Subordination of Mortgage







                                   SCHEDULE A






..
                                   SCHEDULE B





                                    EXHIBIT F

                             Air-Rights Endorsement





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
