
                                  EXHIBIT 99.1

FOR  IMMEDIATE  RELEASE
- -----------------------

Contact:     Neil  Reithinger
             President
             (800)  519-2037
             nreithinger@bywd.com
             --------------------

                EPIPHARMA SECURITIES BEGIN TRADING ON PINK SHEETS

     SCOTTSDALE,  AZ  -  December 17, 2004 - EpiPharma, Inc. ("EpiPharma") (Pink
Sheets:  EPHM) began trading on the Pink Sheets on December 14, 2004.  EpiPharma
was  formed  on  September  13th, 2001 as a subsidiary of Baywood International,
Inc.  ("Baywood")  (OTCBB:  BYWD)  to focus on the development and production of
complex  nutraceuticals  and  other  novel  technologies  for  therapeutic
applications.  At  this  time,  EpiPharma's objective is to facilitate Baywood's
acquisition  of  Aidan  Products,  L.L.C.  ("Aidan"),  a specialty nutraceutical
company  with  annual  sales  of  over  $1,000,000  focusing  on  immunology and
angiogenesis  products  that  are sold through healthcare practitioner channels.
The letter of intent to acquire Aidan was originally announced by Baywood on May
19,  2004.

     "Since  Baywood  announced  the  letter of intent to acquire Aidan, we have
been  diligently  pursuing  a number of structures to finance this transaction,"
stated  Neil  Reithinger,  C.E.O.  and  President  of  Baywood  and President of
EpiPharma.  "We  believe  that  by quoting EpiPharma on the Pink Sheets and then
subsequently  utilizing  EpiPharma  as  a vehicle to complete the acquisition of
Aidan,  we will be afforded the most practical structure that enables Baywood to
complete  this  transaction  while limiting further dilution to existing Baywood
shareholders  at  our  current  share  price,"  Reithinger  further  explained.

     The  acquisition  is  subject  to  the  execution  of a mutually acceptable
purchase  agreements,  financing and customary closing conditions, including the
receipt  of  necessary  approvals  by  third  parties.

     Commenting  on  the  prospects  for the growth of EpiPharma, Mr. Reithinger
stated, "In addition to building on our core, proprietary products, we also plan
on  growing  EpiPharma  via  acquisition.  We  are  always  seeking  out quality
companies  that  would  complement  our existing business and that would help us
enhance  shareholder  value."

ABOUT  EPIPHARMA:

     EpiPharma,  Inc.  (Pink  Sheets:  EPHM)  focuses  on  the  development  and
production  of  complex  nutraceuticals  and  other  novel  technologies  for
therapeutic  applications.  EpiPharma's  current  objective  is  to  sell  these
complex nutraceutical products to health care practitioners, who then distribute
them to their patient populations.  Contact EpiPharma, Inc. at 1-800-519-2037 or
for  more  information  visit  www.epipharma.com.
                               ------------------


                                      -1-
<PAGE>
ABOUT  BAYWOOD:

     Baywood  International,  Inc.  (OTC  BB:  BYWD)  is a nutraceutical company
specializing  in  the  development,  marketing  and  distribution  of  its  own
proprietary  brands  under the names PURECHOICE(R), SOLUTIONS(R) and Complete La
Femme(R).  The  Company's products are distributed through independent and chain
health  food  stores,  pharmacies,  grocery stores, and other direct-to-consumer
channels  both internationally and domestically.  Contact Baywood International,
Inc.  at  1-888-350-0799  or  for  more  information  visit  www.bywd.com.
                                                             -------------

     This press release may contain forward-looking statements, made in reliance
upon  Section  21D  of the Exchange Act of 1934, which involve known and unknown
risks,  uncertainties or other factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially  from  the  results,  performance,  or  expectations implied by these
forward-looking  statements.  The  Issuer's  expectations among other things are
dependent  upon  general economic conditions, continued demand for its products,
the availability of raw materials, retention of its key management and operating
personnel,  as  well  as  other uncontrollable or unknown factors which are more
fully  disclosed in Baywood's Form 10-KSB's and 10-QSB's on file with the United
States  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission.


                                      -2-
<PAGE>

