
                                                                    Exhibit 10.2

                                                                       Exhibit B

                      [FORM OF ADDITIONAL INVESTMENT RIGHT]

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"),
OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE,
SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (B) AN
OPINION OF COUNSEL, IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A
UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN
CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT.

                                SPATIALIGHT, INC.

                           ADDITIONAL INVESTMENT RIGHT

Additional Investment Right No.: __________
Principal Amount of Additional Notes: __________
Date of Issuance:  November 30, 2004 ("Issuance Date")

SpatiaLight, Inc., a New York corporation (the "Company"), hereby certifies
that, for value received, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, [PORTSIDE GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY FUND] [SMITHFIELD FIDUCIARY LLC]
[BLUEGRASS GROWTH FUND L.P.] [BLUEGRASS GROWTH FUND LTD.], the registered holder
hereof or its permitted assigns (the "Holder"), is entitled, subject to the
terms set forth below to purchase from the Company, at the Exercise Price (as
defined below) then in effect, at any time or times on or after the date hereof,
but not after 11:59 P.M., New York Time, on the Expiration Date (as defined
below), up to a total of $______1, in principal amount of Additional Notes (as
defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement (as defined below)). Except as
otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms in this Additional Investment Right
shall have the meanings set forth in Section 15 or in that certain Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2004, by and among the Company and
the buyers referred to therein, including the Holder (the "Securities Purchase
Agreement"). This Additional Investment Right (including all Additional
Investment Rights issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, each an
"AIR", such other AIRs, the "Other AIRs" and collectively, the "AIRs") is one of
the Additional Investment Rights (as defined in the Securities Purchase
Agreement) originally issued on the Issuance Date pursuant to Section 1 of the
Securities Purchase Agreement (as defined below) and exchanged pursuant to the
Amendment and Exchange Agreement, dated as of December __, 2004, by and among
the Company and the initial Holder of this AIR.
1. EXERCISE OF AIR.

- --------
1 Insert number set forth opposite such Buyer's name in column 5 of the Schedule
of Buyers set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

<PAGE>

            (a) Mechanics of Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions
hereof, this AIR may be exercised by the Holder hereof on any day beginning
after the date hereof and ending on and including August 31, 2005 (the
"Expiration Date"), in whole or in part (but in no event for an amount less than
$500,000), by (i) delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit A (the "Exercise Notice"), by facsimile and by a reputable overnight
courier, of such Holder's election to exercise this AIR and (ii) payment to the
Company of an amount equal to $1.00 for each $1.00 of principal amount of
Additional Notes as to which this AIR is being exercised (the "Exercise Price")
in cash or wire transfer of immediately available funds. The date the Exercise
Notice and the Exercise Price are delivered to the Company (as determined in
accordance with the notice provisions hereof) is an "Exercise Date." Execution
and delivery of the Exercise Notice with respect to less than all of the
Additional Notes shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original AIR
and issuance of a new AIR evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number
of Additional Notes. On or before the third Business Day following the Exercise
Date, the Company shall transmit by facsimile an acknowledgment of confirmation
of receipt of the Exercise Notice and the Exercise Price to the Holder hereof.
On or before the third Business Day following the Exercise Date, the Company
shall issue and deliver to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice an
Additional Note, registered in the name of the Holder of this AIR or its
designee, in the principal amount as to which the Holder of this AIR is entitled
pursuant to such exercise. On the Exercise Date, the Holder of this AIR shall be
deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the Holder of record of the
Additional Note with respect to which this AIR has been exercised, irrespective
of the date of delivery of such Additional Note. Upon surrender of this AIR to
the Company following one or more partial exercises, the Company shall as soon
as practicable and in no event later than three Business Days after receipt of
the AIR and at its own expense, issue a new AIR (in accordance with Section
5(d)) representing the right to purchase the number of Additional Notes
purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this AIR, less the
principal amount of Additional Notes with respect to which this AIR is
exercised. The Company shall pay any and all taxes which may be payable with
respect to the issuance and delivery of Additional Notes upon exercise of this
AIR.

            (b) Absolute and Unconditional Obligation. The Company's obligations
to issue and deliver Additional Notes in accordance with the terms hereof are
absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder
to enforce the same, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any
action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation
or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or any other
Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of
law by the Holder or any other Person. Nothing herein shall limit the Holder's
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in
equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or
injunctive relief with respect to the Company's failure to timely deliver
Additional Notes upon exercise of the AIR as required pursuant to the terms
hereof.

      2. PURCHASE RIGHTS; FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION.

            (a) Purchase Rights. If at any time the Company grants, issues or
sells pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Stock any Options
(as defined in the Additional Notes), Convertible Securities (as defined in the
Additional Notes) or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other
property (the "Purchase Rights"), then the Holder of this AIR will be entitled
to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

Purchase Rights which such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held
the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon conversion of all of the
Additional Notes issuable upon complete exercise of this AIR (without regard to
any limitations on the exercise of this AIR or the conversion of the Additional
Notes) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant,
issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the
grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights.

            (b) Change of Control Transactions. The Company shall give notice to
the Holder of this AIR at least 10 Business Days prior to the occurrence of a
Change of Control. This AIR shall automatically expire and become null and void
10 Business Days after such notice is received by the Holder of this AIR.

                  (i) "Change of Control" means any Fundamental Transaction with
an unaffiliated third party other than (A) a Fundamental Transaction in which
holders of the Company's voting power immediately prior to the Fundamental
Transaction continue after the Fundamental Transaction to hold publicly traded
securities and, directly or indirectly, the voting power of the surviving entity
or entities necessary to elect a majority of the members of the board of
directors (or their equivalent if other than a corporation) of such entity or
entities, or (B) pursuant to a migratory merger effected solely for the purpose
of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company.

                  (ii) "Fundamental Transaction" means that the Company shall,
directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate or
merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation)
another Person, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of
all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Company to another
Person, or (iii) allow another Person to make a purchase, tender or exchange
offer that is accepted by the holders of more than the 50% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the
Person or Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the
Persons making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer), or (iv)
consummate a stock purchase agreement or other business combination (including,
without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of
arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than
the 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of
Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or
associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock
purchase agreement or other business combination), or (v) reorganize,
recapitalize or reclassify its Common Stock.

            (c) Fundamental Transactions. The Company shall not enter into or be
party to a Fundamental Transaction that is not a Change of Control, unless (i)
the Person formed by or surviving any such Fundamental Transaction (if other
than the Company) or the Person to which such Fundamental Transaction shall have
been made assumes all the obligations of the Company under this AIR and the
other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement)
pursuant to written agreements in form and substance satisfactory to the
Required Holders and approved by the Required Holders prior to such Fundamental
Transaction, and including agreements to deliver to each holder of AIRs in
exchange for such AIRs, a security of the Person formed by or surviving any such
Fundamental Transaction (if other than the Company) or the Person to which such
Fundamental Transaction shall have been made evidenced by a written instrument
substantially similar in form and substance to this AIR, including, without
limitation, a right to exercise for Additional Notes that have been adjusted and

                                      -3-
<PAGE>


approved as set forth in Sections 5 and 6 of the Additional Notes as if such
Additional Notes were outstanding at the time of such Fundamental Transaction
and (ii) the Company or the Person formed by or surviving any such Fundamental
Transaction or to which such Fundamental Transaction shall have been made is a
publicly traded entity whose common stock or equivalent equity security is
quoted on or listed for trading on an Eligible Market (as defined in the Notes).
Upon any Fundamental Transaction, the successor entity to such Fundamental
Transaction shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the
date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this AIR referring to
such "Company" shall refer instead to the successor entity or, if so elected by
the Required Holders, by the entity that, directly or indirectly, controls such
successor entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and
shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this AIR with the same
effect as if such successor Person had been named as the Company herein;
provided, however, that the predecessor Company shall not be relieved from its
obligations under the Transaction Documents except in the case of a Fundamental
Transaction that meets the requirements of this section. The provisions of this
Section shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental
Transactions.

      3. COMPANY'S RIGHT OF MANDATORY FUNDING.

            (a) Mandatory Funding. If at any time from and after the Effective
Date (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) until August 31, 2005
(the "Mandatory Funding Eligibility Date"), (i) the Weighted Average Price (as
defined in the Notes) of the Common Stock equals or exceeds $14.58 (subject to
appropriate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions after the Issuance Date) for each of any twenty
(20) consecutive Trading Days (as defined in the Notes) following the Mandatory
Funding Eligibility Date (the "Mandatory Funding Measuring Period") and (ii) the
AIR Equity Conditions (as defined below) shall have been satisfied or waived in
writing by the Holder during the period commencing with the Mandatory Funding
Notice Date and ending with the Mandatory Funding Date (each, as defined below),
the Company shall have the right to require the Holder to exercise all or any
designated portion of the AIR and purchase from the Company, at the Exercise
Price then in effect, all or any designated portion of the Additional Notes in
accordance with Section 1(a) hereof as of the Mandatory Funding Date (a
"Mandatory Funding"). The Company may exercise its right to require purchase of
Additional Notes under this Section 3(a) by delivering within not more than
three Trading Days following the end of any such Mandatory Funding Measuring
Period a written notice thereof by facsimile and overnight courier to all, but
not less than all, of the holders of AIRs (the "Mandatory Funding Notice" and
the date all of the holders received such notice is referred to as the
"Mandatory Funding Notice Date"). The Mandatory Funding Notice shall be
irrevocable. The Mandatory Funding Notice shall state (i) the Trading Day
selected for the Mandatory Funding in accordance with Section 3(a), which
Trading Day shall be at least 20 Business Days but not more than 60 Business
Days following the Mandatory Funding Notice Date (the "Mandatory Funding Date"),
(ii) the aggregate amount of the Additional Notes to be issued upon mandatory
exercise from all of the holders of the AIRs pursuant to this Section 3 (and
analogous provisions under the Other AIRS) and (iii) the principal amount of
Additional Notes to be issued. The Company may only deliver one (1) Mandatory
Funding Notice pursuant hereto.

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

            As used herein, "AIR Equity Conditions" means that each of the
following conditions is satisfied: (i) on each day during the period beginning
on the earlier of the Effective Date and the Effectiveness Deadline (as defined
in the Registration Rights Agreement) and ending on and including the applicable
date of determination (the "AIR Equity Conditions Measuring Period"), the
Registration Statement filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement shall
be effective and available for the resale of all remaining Registrable
Securities in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement and
there shall not have been any Grace Periods (as defined in the Registration
Rights Agreement); (ii) on each day during the AIR Equity Conditions Measuring
Period, the Common Stock is designated for quotation on the Principal Market and
shall not have been suspended from trading on such exchange or market (other
than suspensions of not more than two (2) days and occurring prior to the
applicable date of determination due to business announcements by the Company)
nor shall delisting or suspension by such exchange or market been threatened or
pending either (A) in writing by such exchange or market or (B) by falling below
the minimum listing maintenance requirements of such exchange or market; (iii)
during the period beginning on the Issuance Date and ending on and including the
date immediately preceding the applicable date of determination, the Company
shall have delivered Additional Notes upon exercise of the AIRs and Conversion
Shares upon conversion of the Notes to the holders thereof on a timely basis as
set forth in Section 1(a) of the AIRs (and analogous provisions under the Other
AIRs) and Section 2(c)(ii) of the Notes, respectively; (iv) all shares of Common
Stock issuable pursuant to Additional Notes to be issued in connection with the
proposed Mandatory Funding may be converted in full without violating Section
3(d) of the Notes or the rules or regulations of the Principal Market; (v)
during the AIR Equity Conditions Measuring Period, the Company shall not have
failed to timely make any payments within five (5) Business Days of when such
payment is due pursuant to any Transaction Document; (vi) during the AIR Equity
Conditions Measuring Period, there shall not have occurred either (A) the public
announcement of a pending, proposed or intended Fundamental Transaction which
has not been abandoned, terminated or consummated or (B) an Event of Default or
an event that with the passage of time or giving of notice would constitute an
Event of Default; (vii) the Company shall have no knowledge of any fact that
would cause the Registration Statements required pursuant to the Registration
Rights Agreement not to be effective and available for the resale of all
remaining Registrable Securities in accordance with the terms of the
Registration Rights Agreement; and (viii) the Company otherwise shall have been
in material compliance with and shall not have materially breached any
provision, covenant, representation or warranty of any Transaction Document.

            (b) Pro Rata Funding Requirement. If the Company elects to cause an
exercise of this AIR pursuant to Section 3(a), then it must simultaneously take
the same action in the same proportion with respect to the Other AIRs. All AIRs
exercised by the Holder after the Mandatory Funding Notice Date shall reduce the
amount of Additional Notes required to be issued on the Mandatory Funding Date.
If the Company has elected a Mandatory Funding, the mechanics of exercise set
forth in Section 1(a) shall apply, to the extent applicable, as if the Company
had received from the Holder on the Mandatory Funding Date an Exercise Notice
with respect to the Additional Notes being issued pursuant to the Mandatory
Funding.

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

      4. NONCIRCUMVENTION.

            (a) The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will
not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation, issue or sale of
securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance
or performance of any of the terms under this AIR, and will at all times in good
faith carry out all the provisions of this AIR and take all action as may be
required to protect the rights of the Holder of this AIR.

            (b) Under this AIR, the Holder hereby covenants and agrees that the
Holder will not, through any voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the
observance or performance of any of the terms of this AIR, and will at all times
in good faith carry out all the provisions of this AIR and take all action as
may be required to protect the rights of the Company.

      5. REISSUANCE OF AIRS.

            (a) Transfer of AIR. If this AIR is to be transferred, the Holder
shall surrender this AIR to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith
issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder of this AIR a new AIR (in
accordance with Section 5(d)), registered as the Holder of this AIR may request,
representing the right to purchase the principal amount of Additional Notes
being transferred by the Holder and, if less then the total number of Additional
Notes then underlying this AIR is being transferred, a new AIR (in accordance
with Section 5(d)) to the Holder of this AIR representing the right to purchase
the principal amount of Additional Notes not being transferred. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Holder may only transfer this AIR if it is also transferring
a pro rata portion of Notes.

            (b) Lost, Stolen or Mutilated AIR. Upon receipt by the Company of
evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this AIR, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of
any indemnification undertaking by the Holder of this AIR to the Company in
customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation
of this AIR, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new AIR (in
accordance with Section 5(d)) representing the right to purchase the principal
amount of Additional Notes then underlying this AIR.

            (c) AIR Exchangeable for Multiple AIRs. This AIR is exchangeable,
upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company,
for a new AIR or AIR (in accordance with Section 5(d)) representing in the
aggregate the right to purchase the principal amount of Additional Notes then
underlying this AIR, and each such new AIR will represent the right to purchase
such portion of such Additional Notes as is designated by the Holder of this AIR
at the time of such surrender.

            (d) Issuance of New AIR. Whenever the Company is required to issue a
new AIR pursuant to the terms of this AIR, such new AIR (i) shall be of like
tenor with this AIR, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new
AIR, the right to purchase the principal amount of Additional Notes then
underlying this AIR (or in the case of a new AIR being issued pursuant to
Section 5(a) or Section 5(c), the principal amount of Additional Notes
designated by the Holder of this AIR which, when added to the principal amount
of Additional Notes underlying the other new AIR issued in connection with such
issuance, does not exceed the principal amount of Additional Notes then
underlying this AIR), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the
face of such new AIR which is the same as the Issuance Date, and (iv) shall have
the same rights and conditions as this AIR.

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

      6. COVENANTS. Disclosure of Transactions and Other Material Information.
On or before 8:30 a.m., New York Time, on the first Business Day following each
Exercise Date, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K describing
the terms of the transactions contemplated by the exercise of this AIR in the
form required by the 1934 Act. On the Exercise Date, the Company shall confirm
that the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in the
Securities Purchase Agreement are true and correct as of such Exercise Date as
though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak
as of a specific date) and that the Company shall have performed, satisfied and
complied in all respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required
by the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement)
to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to such
Exercise Date.

      7. NOTICES. Whenever notice is required to be given under this AIR, unless
otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with Section
9(f) of the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder
of this AIR with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this
AIR, including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason
therefore. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will
give written notice to the Holder of this AIR no sooner than 15 days but no
later than 10 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or
takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the Common
Stock, or (B) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental
Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such
information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with
such notice being provided to such Holder; provided, however, that the Company
shall not be obligated to provide multiple notices to the Holder if such Holder
is entitled to receive such notice pursuant to another Transaction Document.

      8. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER. Except as otherwise provided herein, the
provisions of this AIR may be amended and the Company may take any action herein
prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it,
only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Required Holders;
provided that no such action may increase the exercise price of any AIRs or
decrease the principal amount of Additional Notes obtainable upon exercise of
any AIRs without the written consent of the Holder of this AIR. No such
amendment shall be effective to the extent that it applies to less than all of
the Holders of the AIRs then outstanding.

      9. GOVERNING LAW. This AIR shall be construed and enforced in accordance
with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation
and performance of this AIR shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State
of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law
provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions)
that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the
State of New York.

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

      10. CONSTRUCTION; HEADINGS. This AIR shall be deemed to be jointly drafted
by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against any person as
the drafter hereof. The headings of this AIR are for convenience of reference
and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this AIR.

      11. REMEDIES, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. The
remedies provided in this AIR shall be cumulative and in addition to all other
remedies available under this AIR, the Securities Purchase Agreement and the
other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement),
at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other
injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the right of the Holder of
this AIR or the Company, as the case may be, to pursue actual damages for any
failure by the Company or the Holder, as the case may be, to comply with the
terms of this AIR. The Company and the Holder acknowledge that a breach by it of
its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder of this AIR
or the Company, as the case may be, and that the remedy at law for any such
breach may be inadequate. The Company and the Holder therefore agree that, in
the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder of this AIR or the
Company, as the case may be, shall be entitled, in addition to all other
available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach, without the
necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being
required.

      12. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this AIR, the following terms
shall have the following meanings:

            (a) "Business Day" means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or
other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or
required by law to remain closed.

            (b) "Common Stock" means (i) the Company's common stock, par value
$.01 per share, and (ii) any capital stock into which such Common Stock shall
have been changed or any capital stock resulting from a reclassification of such
Common Stock.

            (c) "Person" means an individual, a limited liability company, a
partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated
organization, any other entity and a government or any department or agency
thereof.

            (d) "Registration Rights Agreement" means that certain registration
rights agreement dated as of the Closing Date (as defined in the Securities
Purchase Agreement) by and among the Company and the Purchasers.

            (e) "Required Holders" means the holders of AIRs representing the
right to acquire at least a majority of the principal amount of Additional Notes
underlying the AIRs then outstanding.

                            [Signature Page Follows]


                                      -8-
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this AIR to be duly executed as
of the Issuance Date set out above.

                                         SPATIALIGHT, INC.


                                         By:
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Name:
                                            Title:
<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT A

                                 EXERCISE NOTICE

            TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE THIS
                           ADDITIONAL INVESTMENT RIGHT

                                SPATIALIGHT, INC.

To:      SpatiaLight, Inc.

      The undersigned is the holder of Additional Investment Right No. _____
(the "AIR") issued by SpatiaLight, Inc., a New York corporation (the "Company").
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the
respective meanings set forth in the AIR.

      1. The AIR is currently exercisable to purchase a total of $_______
principal amount of Additional Notes.

      2. The undersigned holder hereby exercises its right to purchase $_______
principal amount of Additional Notes pursuant to the AIR.

      3. The holder shall pay the sum of $___________________ to the Company in
accordance with the terms of the AIR.

      4. Pursuant to this exercise, the Company shall deliver to the holder
$_______ principal amount of Additional Notes in accordance with the terms of
the AIR.

      5. Following this exercise, the AIR shall be exercisable to purchase a
total of $_______ principal amount of Additional Notes.


         Please issue the Additional Notes in the following name and to the
following address:

         Issue to:
                  --------------------------------------------------------------

                  --------------------------------------------------------------

                  --------------------------------------------------------------

Date: _______________ __, ______



- --------------------------------
Name of Registered Holder


By:
   -----------------------------
   Name:
   Title:
<PAGE>

                               FORM OF ASSIGNMENT

             [To be completed and signed only upon transfer of AIR]

      FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers
unto ________________________________ the right represented by the within AIR to
purchase $________ principal amount of Additional Notes of SpatiaLight, Inc., to
which the within AIR relates and appoints ________________ attorney to transfer
said right on the books of SpatiaLight, Inc. with full power of substitution in
the premises.


Dated:                      ,
       ---------------------


                                ------------------------------------------------
                                (Signature must conform in all respects to name
                                of holder as specified on the face of the AIR)


                                ------------------------------------------------
                                Address of Transferee

                                ------------------------------------------------

                                ------------------------------------------------




In the presence of:


- ----------------------------



