-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 KioSJrzwdqriXkiL5FNYigWs/qEkn0HuI9OxqvJitHKI5yssRS4/hWATvljjzIBI
 j8oUaB9lmxijQZraTd7uLQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950172-04-003043.txt : 20041220
<SEC-HEADER>0000950172-04-003043.hdr.sgml : 20041220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041220170504
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950172-04-003043
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041215
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GUIDANT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000929987
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				351931722
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1217

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13388
		FILM NUMBER:		041214765

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 MONUMENT CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		29TH FLOOR
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46204-5129
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3179712000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 44906
		STREET 2:		29TH FLOOR
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46244-0906
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>nyc489983.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>


                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              Washington, DC 20549


                                    FORM 8-K


                            CURRENT REPORT Pursuant
                         to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                        Securities Exchange Act of 1934


       Date of report (Date of earliest event reported) December 15, 2004
                                                        -----------------


                              GUIDANT CORPORATION
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)


                                    INDIANA
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)


          001-13388                                     35-1931722
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 (Commission File Number)                    (IRS Employer Identification No.)


        111 Monument Circle, Suite 2900
             Indianapolis, Indiana                                46204
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     (Address of Principal Executive Offices)                   (Zip Code)


                                 (317) 971-2004
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code)


- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)


     Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

     |_| Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
(17 CFR 230.425)

     |_| Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14a-12)

     |_| Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

     |_| Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


<PAGE>

Item 1.01    Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

         On December 15, 2004, Johnson & Johnson and Guidant Corporation
("Guidant") entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger
Agreement"). Concurrently, Johnson & Johnson and Guidant entered into letter
agreements with certain executive officers of Guidant modifying each such
individual's rights and obligations under Guidant's Change In Control Severance
Pay Plan for Select Employees. Guidant also executed a Rights Agreement with
EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. (the "Rights Agreement") as of the same date.

         Merger Agreement

         The Merger Agreement provides for a business combination whereby
Shelby Merger Sub, Inc. ("Merger Sub"), an Indiana corporation and a wholly
owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson, will merge with and into Guidant (the
"Merger"). As a result of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of
Merger Sub will cease and Guidant will continue as the surviving corporation in
the Merger.

         At the effective time of the Merger, each share of Guidant common
stock (other than shares owned by Guidant, Johnson & Johnson and Merger Sub)
will be converted into the right to receive a combination of (i) $30.40 in cash
and (ii) a number of shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock with a value,
based upon the volume weighted average trading prices of Johnson & Johnson
common stock for the 15 trading days ending 3 trading days prior to the
closing, of $45.60, so long as the volume weighted average trading price per
share of Johnson & Johnson's common stock during this period is within the
range of $55.45 to $67.09. Outside of this range, each share of Guidant common
stock will be converted into the right to receive a combination of (i) $30.40
in cash and (ii) a fixed number of shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock
equal to 0.6797 if the volume weighted average trading price is above the range
and 0.8224 if the volume weighted average trading price is below the range.
Outstanding Guidant stock options at the time of the closing will be converted
into options to purchase Johnson & Johnson common stock.

         The Merger is subject to the approval of Guidant shareholders. In
addition, the Merger is subject to clearance under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act and the European Union merger control regulation, as
well as other customary closing conditions.

         Johnson & Johnson and Guidant have made customary representations,
warranties and covenants in the Merger Agreement, including Guidant making
covenants not to solicit alternative transactions or, subject to certain
exceptions, to enter into discussions concerning, or provide confidential
information in connection with, an alternative transaction.

         The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for both
Johnson & Johnson and Guidant, and further provides that, upon termination of

<PAGE>

the Merger Agreement under certain circumstances, (i) Guidant may be obligated
to pay Johnson & Johnson a termination fee of $750 million and (ii) Johnson &
Johnson may be obligated to pay Guidant a termination fee of $700 million.

         In February 2004, Cordis Corporation ("Cordis"), a Johnson & Johnson
subsidiary, and Guidant entered into a strategic agreement to copromote Cordis'
CYPHER(TM) Sirolimus-eluting Coronary Stent. Guidant also received an option to
pursue a similar arrangement in Japan in the future. In addition, Guidant
agreed to assist Cordis in the development of a CYPHER stent that utilizes
Guidant's MULTI-LINK VISION(R) Stent Delivery System. Cordis and Guidant also
entered into a license arrangement in April 2000, which has been subsequently
amended, pursuant to which the parties provide each other access to certain of
their respective technologies.

         A copy of the Merger Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and
is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Merger
Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the
Merger Agreement.

         Change in Control Letter Agreements

         In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, on December
15, 2004, Johnson & Johnson and Guidant entered into letter agreements with
Mark C. Bartell, Ronald Spaulding, Roger Marchetti, William F. McConnell, R.
Frederick McCoy, Jr. and Dana G. Mead, Jr. (each of whom is an executive
officer of Guidant) (the "Letter Agreements") modifying each such employee's
rights and obligations under Guidant's Change In Control Severance Pay Plan for
Select Employees (the "Plan").

         The Letter Agreements modify the Plan definitions as follows: (i) the
definition of "Change in Control" is amended to exclude from the definition the
execution of a definitive agreement to consummate certain types of business
transactions and to exclude from the definition the adoption by Guidant's board
of directors of a resolution to the effect that a Change in Control has
occurred, and the definition is further modified to provided that a Change in
Control will occur upon consummation of certain business transactions rather
than upon shareholder approval of such transactions; (ii) the definition of
"Covered Termination" is modified to eliminate the employee's ability to
receive Plan benefits upon a voluntary termination of employment for any reason
(i.e., without "Good Reason") during the thirty-day period beginning on the
first anniversary of the Merger; (iii) the definition of "Good Reason" is
modified generally to limit the circumstances that will constitute Good Reason
for termination of employment; and (iv) the definition of "Cause" is modified
generally to expand the circumstances that constitute Cause for termination of
employment.

         Under the terms of each of the Letter Agreements, if the individual
remains in continuous employment with Guidant through the expiration of the
two-year period immediately following consummation of the Merger (the "Second
Anniversary") he will receive a bonus in an amount equal to fifty percent of
the cash severance payment that otherwise would have been payable in accordance
with the terms of the Plan had a covered termination of employment occurred
immediately following consummation of the Merger (the "First Retention Bonus").


                                       2

<PAGE>

If the individual remains in continuous employment with Guidant following the
Second Anniversary through the expiration of the three-year period immediately
following consummation of the Merger (the "Third Anniversary") he will receive
an additional bonus in an amount equal to the First Retention Bonus (the
"Second Retention Bonus"). In addition, if during the period commencing
immediately following the Second Anniversary and ending on the Third
Anniversary, the individual is involuntarily terminated by Guidant other than
for Cause (as such term is defined in the Plan, as modified by the Letter
Agreement), the individual will be entitled to receive the Second Retention
Bonus following termination, plus the non-cash benefits that would have been
otherwise payable pursuant to the Plan had such termination occurred during the
two-year period immediately following consummation of the Merger. Payment of
the First and Second Retention Bonuses is contingent upon execution of a
general waiver and release of claims.

         The Letter Agreements do not alter the provisions of the Plan that
provide benefits upon a Covered Termination (subject to the modifications of
certain definitions under the Plan as described above) before the Second
Anniversary of the Merger. The Letter Agreements also provide that, if payment
of the First or Second Retention Bonus results in the imposition of an excise
tax under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, the
provisions of the Plan providing for certain additional payments in respect of
such taxes will apply.

         Pursuant to the Letter Agreements, Guidant also agrees not to
terminate the individuals other than for Cause (as such term is defined in the
Plan, as modified by the Letter Agreements), except if such termination is
effectuated prior to consummation of the Merger in connection with a specified
divestiture of assets. In addition, individuals who are parties to the Letter
Agreements are not permitted to terminate their employment for Good Reason (as
such term is defined in the Plan, as modified by the Letter Agreements) during
the period prior to consummation of the Merger.

         A copy of the form of Letter Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit
10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the
Letter Agreements is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of
the form of Letter Agreement.

         Rights Agreement

         The information provided in Item 3.03 of this Current Report on Form
8-K regarding the Rights Agreement is incorporated into this Item 1.01 by
reference.

Item 3.03    Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

         In accordance with the Rights Agreement, on December 15, 2004, Guidant
declared a dividend distribution of one right (a "Right") for each outstanding
share of its common stock to shareholders of record at the close of business on
December 27, 2004 (the "Record Date"). Each Right entitles the registered
holder to purchase from Guidant a unit consisting of one one-thousandth of a

                                       3

<PAGE>

share of Series A Participating Preferred Stock at a purchase price of $325 per
unit, subject to adjustment. The Rights are not exercisable until the earlier
of (i) 10 business days following a public announcement that a person or group
(an "Acquiring Person") has acquired 15% or more of the outstanding shares of
Guidant common stock (the "Stock Acquisition Date"), or (ii) 10 business days
following the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer that would
result in a person or group becoming an Acquiring Person (the "Distribution
Date") and will expire at 5:00 P.M. (New York City time) on December 15, 2014,
unless such date is extended or the Rights are earlier redeemed or exchanged.
Until the Distribution Date, the Rights will be evidenced only by shares of
Guidant common stock and will be transferred with and only with such common
stock. After the Distribution Date, Rights Certificates will be mailed to
holders of record of the Guidant common stock as of the close of business on
the Distribution Date.

         In the event that a Person becomes an Acquiring Person, subject to
certain exceptions for offers that the independent directors determine to be
fair and not inadequate and to otherwise be in the best interests of Guidant
and its stockholders, each holder of a Right other than the Acquiring Person
will have the right to receive Guidant common stock having a value equal to two
times the exercise price of the Right. In the event that, at any time following
the Stock Acquisition Date, Guidant engages in certain types of merger or other
business combination transactions, each holder of a Right other than the
Acquiring Person shall have the right to receive common stock of the acquiring
company having a value equal to two times the exercise price of the Right. At
any time after a person becomes an Acquiring Person and prior to their
acquisition of 50% or more of the outstanding Guidant common stock, Guidant's
board of directors may exchange the Rights (other than Rights owned by the
Acquiring Person), in whole or in part, for one share of Guidant common stock,
or one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock, per Right (subject to
adjustment). At any time until ten business days following the Stock
Acquisition Date, Guidant may redeem the Rights in whole, but not in part, at a
price of $0.001 per Right.

         A copy of the Rights Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1 and
is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Rights
Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the
Rights Agreement. Unless the context otherwise requires, the capitalized terms
used herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Rights Agreement
attached hereto. A summary of the Rights Agreement also can be found in the
Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed by Guidant on December 20, 2004.

Item 5.03    Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in
             Fiscal Year

         On December 15, 2004, in connection with the Rights Agreement,
Guidant's board of directors approved an amendment to Paragraph 4(c) of
Guidant's Articles of Incorporation setting forth the rights, powers and
preferences of the Series A Participating Preferred Stock. Guidant filed the
Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Guidant (the
"Articles of Amendment") with the Secretary of State of the State of Indiana on
December 17, 2004.


                                       4

<PAGE>

         The summary of the rights and preferences of the Series A
Participating Preferred Stock set forth in Exhibit C to the Rights Agreement is
incorporated into this Item 5.03 by reference and is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the full text of the Articles of Amendment. A copy of the
Articles of Amendment is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 9.01    Financial Statements and Exhibits

         (c)

Exhibit No.       Description
- -----------       -----------

   2.1            Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 15, 2004,
                  among Johnson & Johnson, Shelby Merger Sub, Inc. and Guidant
                  Corporation

   3.1            Articles of Amendment of the Articles of Incorporation of
                  Guidant Corporation

   4.1            Rights Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2004, between
                  Guidant Corporation and EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.,
                  including the Form of Amendment to the Articles of
                  Incorporation of Guidant Corporation, the Form of Rights
                  Certificate and the Summary of Rights to Purchase Preferred
                  Stock

   10.1           Form of Letter Agreement Modifying Guidant Corporation's
                  Change In Control Severance Pay Plan for Select Employees,
                  dated as of December 15, 2004

                                       5

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


                                               GUIDANT CORPORATION


Dated: December 20, 2004                       By:  /s/ David Scharf
                                                    -----------------------
                                               Name:  David Scharf
                                               Title: Associate General Counsel
                                                      and Assistant Secretary

                                       6

<PAGE>


                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No.       Description
- -----------       -----------

   2.1            Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 15, 2004,
                  among Johnson & Johnson, Shelby Merger Sub, Inc. and Guidant
                  Corporation

   3.1            Articles of Amendment of the Articles of Incorporation of
                  Guidant Corporation

   4.1            Rights Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2004, between
                  Guidant Corporation and EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.,
                  including the Form of Amendment to the Articles of
                  Incorporation of Guidant Corporation, the Form of Rights
                  Certificate and the Summary of Rights to Purchase Preferred
                  Stock

   10.1           Form of Letter Agreement Modifying Guidant Corporation's
                  Change In Control Severance Pay Plan for Select Employees,
                  dated as of December 15, 2004











                                       7

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>guid2-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1 - AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
<TEXT>

                                                                    Exhibit 2.1



                                                                 EXECUTION COPY


- --=============================================================================




                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER



                         Dated as of December 15, 2004



                                     Among


                               JOHNSON & JOHNSON,


                            SHELBY MERGER SUB, INC.


                                      And


                              GUIDANT CORPORATION




===============================================================================
<PAGE>

                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----

                                   ARTICLE I

                                   The Merger

SECTION 1.01.    The Merger...................................................1
SECTION 1.02.    Closing......................................................1
SECTION 1.03.    Effective Time...............................................2
SECTION 1.04.    Effects of the Merger........................................2
SECTION 1.05.    Articles of Incorporation and By-laws........................2
SECTION 1.06.    Directors....................................................2
SECTION 1.07.    Officers.....................................................2


                                   ARTICLE II

          Effect of the Merger on the Capital Stock of the Constituent
                     Corporations; Exchange of Certificates

SECTION 2.01.    Effect on Capital Stock......................................3
SECTION 2.02.    Exchange of Certificates.....................................4


                                  ARTICLE III

                         Representations and Warranties

SECTION 3.01.    Representations and Warranties of the Company................7
SECTION 3.02.    Representations and Warranties of Parent and Sub............28


                                   ARTICLE IV

           Covenants Relating to Conduct of Business; No Solicitation

SECTION 4.01.    Conduct of Business.........................................32
SECTION 4.02.    No Solicitation.............................................37


                                   ARTICLE V

                             Additional Agreements

SECTION 5.01.    Preparation of the Form S-4 and the Proxy Statement;
                 Shareholders' Meeting.......................................40
SECTION 5.02.    Access to Information; Confidentiality......................41
SECTION 5.03.    Reasonable Best Efforts.....................................42
SECTION 5.04.    Company Stock Options; ESPP.................................44


                                      (i)
<PAGE>

SECTION 5.05.    Indemnification, Exculpation and Insurance..................45
SECTION 5.06.    Fees and Expenses...........................................46
SECTION 5.07.    Public Announcements........................................48
SECTION 5.08.    Affiliates..................................................48
SECTION 5.09.    Stock Exchange Listing......................................48
SECTION 5.10.    Shareholder Litigation......................................48
SECTION 5.11.    Employee Matters............................................48
SECTION 5.12.    Company Notes...............................................50
SECTION 5.13.    Rights Agreement............................................50


                                   ARTICLE VI

                              Conditions Precedent

SECTION 6.01.    Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger..50
SECTION 6.02.    Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Sub.................51
SECTION 6.03.    Conditions to Obligation of the Company.....................52
SECTION 6.04.    Frustration of Closing Conditions...........................53


                                  ARTICLE VII

                       Termination, Amendment and Waiver

SECTION 7.01.    Termination.................................................53
SECTION 7.02.    Effect of Termination.......................................54
SECTION 7.03.    Amendment...................................................54
SECTION 7.04.    Extension; Waiver...........................................54
SECTION 7.05.    Procedure for Termination or Amendment......................54


                                  ARTICLE VIII

                               General Provisions

SECTION 8.01.    Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties...............55
SECTION 8.02.    Notices.....................................................55
SECTION 8.03.    Definitions.................................................56
SECTION 8.04.    Interpretation..............................................57
SECTION 8.05.    Consents and Approvals......................................57
SECTION 8.06.    Counterparts................................................58
SECTION 8.07.    Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries..............58
SECTION 8.08.    GOVERNING LAW...............................................58
SECTION 8.09.    Assignment..................................................58
SECTION 8.10.    Specific Enforcement; Consent to Jurisdiction...............58
SECTION 8.11.    Waiver of Jury Trial........................................58
SECTION 8.12.    Severability................................................59


                                     (ii)
<PAGE>



Annex I          Index of Defined Terms
Exhibit A        Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation
Exhibit B        Affiliate Letter



                                     (iii)
<PAGE>



                                    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this
                           "Agreement") dated as of December 15, 2004, among
                           JOHNSON & JOHNSON, a New Jersey corporation
                           ("Parent"), SHELBY MERGER SUB, INC., an Indiana
                           corporation and a wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent
                           ("Sub"), and GUIDANT CORPORATION, an Indiana
                           corporation (the "Company").


         WHEREAS the Board of Directors of each of the Company and Sub has
adopted, and the Board of Directors of Parent has approved, this Agreement and
the merger of Sub with and into the Company (the "Merger"), upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, whereby each issued and
outstanding share of common stock, without par value, of the Company ("Company
Common Stock"), other than shares of Company Common Stock directly owned by
Parent, Sub or the Company, will be converted into the right to receive (a) a
number of validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock,
par value $1.00 per share, of Parent ("Parent Common Stock") and (b) $30.40 in
cash, without interest; and

         WHEREAS Parent, Sub and the Company desire to make certain
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the
Merger and also to prescribe various conditions to the Merger.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, and subject to the
conditions set forth herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I

                                   The Merger
                                   ----------

         SECTION 1.01. The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the Business Corporation
Law of the State of Indiana (the "IBCL"), Sub shall be merged with and into the
Company at the Effective Time. Following the Effective Time, the separate
corporate existence of Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue as the
surviving corporation in the Merger (the "Surviving Corporation") and shall
succeed to and assume all the rights and obligations of Sub in accordance with
the IBCL.

         SECTION 1.02. Closing. The closing of the Merger (the "Closing")
will take place at 10:00 a.m. on a date to be specified by the parties,
which shall be no later than the second business day after satisfaction or
(to the extent permitted by applicable Law) waiver of the conditions set
forth in Article VI (other than those conditions that by their terms are to
be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or (to the
extent permitted by applicable Law) waiver of those conditions), at the
offices of Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, Worldwide Plaza, 825 Eighth Avenue,
New York, New York 10019, unless another time, date or place is agreed to
in writing by Parent and the Company; provided, however, that if all the
conditions set forth in Article VI shall no longer be satisfied or (to the
extent permitted by applicable Law) waived on such second business day,
then the Closing shall take place on the first business day

<PAGE>

                                                                          2


on which all such conditions shall again have been satisfied or (to the
extent permitted by applicable Law) waived unless another time is agreed to
in writing by Parent and the Company. The date on which the Closing occurs
is referred to in this Agreement as the "Closing Date".

         SECTION 1.03. Effective Time. Subject to the provisions of this
Agreement, as soon as practicable on the Closing Date, the parties shall file
with the Secretary of State of the State of Indiana articles of merger (the
"Articles of Merger") executed and acknowledged by the parties in accordance
with the relevant provisions of the IBCL and, as soon as practicable on or
after the Closing Date, shall make all other filings or recordings required
under the IBCL. The Merger shall become effective upon the filing of the
Articles of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Indiana, or at
such later time as Parent and the Company shall agree and shall specify in the
Articles of Merger (the time the Merger becomes effective being the "Effective
Time").

         SECTION 1.04. Effects of the Merger. The Merger shall have the effects
set forth in Section 23-1-40-6 of the IBCL.

         SECTION 1.05. Articles of Incorporation and By-laws. (a) The Articles
of Incorporation of the Company (the "Company Articles") shall be amended at
the Effective Time to be in the form of Exhibit A and, as so amended, such
Company Articles shall be the Restated Articles of Incorporation of the
Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein
or by applicable Law.

         (b) The By-laws of Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time, shall be the By-laws of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by applicable Law.

         SECTION 1.06. Directors. The directors of Sub immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation until the
earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective successors
are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.

         SECTION 1.07. Officers. The officers of the Company immediately prior
to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation until
the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective
successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.

<PAGE>

                                                                              3


                                  ARTICLE II

                Effect of the Merger on the Capital Stock of the
                ------------------------------------------------
               Constituent Corporations; Exchange of Certificates
               --------------------------------------------------

         SECTION 2.01. Effect on Capital Stock. At the Effective Time, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any
shares of Company Common Stock or any shares of capital stock of Parent or Sub:

            (a) Capital Stock of Sub. Each issued and outstanding share of
     capital stock of Sub shall be converted into and become one validly
     issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, without par
     value, of the Surviving Corporation.

            (b) Cancelation of Treasury Stock and Parent-Owned Stock. Each
     share of Company Common Stock that is directly owned by the Company,
     Parent or Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall automatically
     be canceled and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be
     delivered in exchange therefor.

            (c) Conversion of Company Common Stock. Subject to Section
     2.02(e), each share of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding
     immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares to be
     canceled in accordance with Section 2.01(b)) shall be converted into
     the right to receive (i) that number (rounded to the nearest 1/10,000
     of a share) (the "Exchange Ratio") of validly issued, fully paid and
     nonassessable shares of Parent Common Stock (the "Stock Portion") equal
     to the number determined by dividing $45.60 by the Average Parent Stock
     Price; provided, however, that (x) if the number determined by dividing
     $45.60 by the Average Parent Stock Price is less than or equal to
     0.6797, the Exchange Ratio shall be 0.6797 and (y) if the number
     determined by dividing $45.60 by the Average Parent Stock Price is
     greater than or equal to 0.8224, the Exchange Ratio shall be 0.8224 and
     (ii) $30.40 in cash, without interest (the "Cash Portion" and, together
     with the Stock Portion, the "Merger Consideration"). At the Effective
     Time, all such shares of Company Common Stock shall no longer be
     outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and shall cease to
     exist, and each holder of a certificate which immediately prior to the
     Effective Time represented any such shares of Company Common Stock
     (each, a "Certificate") shall cease to have any rights with respect
     thereto, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration, any
     dividends or other distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.02(c)
     and cash in lieu of any fractional shares payable pursuant to Section
     2.02(e), in each case to be issued or paid in consideration therefor
     upon surrender of such Certificate in accordance with Section 2.02(b),
     without interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if between the date of
     this Agreement and the Effective Time, (A) the outstanding shares of
     Parent Common Stock shall have been changed into a different number of
     shares or a different class, by reason of the occurrence or record date
     of any stock dividend, subdivision, reclassification, recapitalization,
     split, combination, exchange of shares or similar transaction, (B)
     Parent declares or pays cash dividends in any fiscal quarter in excess
     of 200% of the amount of regularly quarterly dividends paid by the
     Parent immediately prior to the date hereof or (C) Parent engages in
     any spin-off or split-off, then in any such case the Exchange Ratio
     shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect such action. The right

<PAGE>

                                                                              4


     of any holder of a Certificate to receive the Merger Consideration, any
     dividends or other distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.02(c)
     and cash in lieu of any fractional shares payable pursuant to Section
     2.02(e) shall be subject to and reduced by the amount of any
     withholding that is required under applicable tax Law. "Average Parent
     Stock Price" means the average of the volume weighted averages of the
     trading prices of Parent Common Stock, as such price is reported on the
     New York Stock Exchange, Inc. (the "NYSE") Composite Transaction Tape
     (as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets or such other source as the
     parties shall agree in writing), for the 15 trading days ending on the
     third trading day immediately preceding the Effective Time.

         SECTION 2.02. Exchange of Certificates. (a) Exchange Agent. Prior to
the Effective Time, Parent shall appoint EquiServe Trust Company or another
bank or trust company that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company to act as
exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent") for the payment of the Merger
Consideration. At the Effective Time, Parent shall deposit, or cause the
Surviving Corporation to deposit, with the Exchange Agent, for the benefit of
the holders of Certificates, certificates representing shares of Parent Common
Stock and cash in an amount sufficient to pay the aggregate Merger
Consideration required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.01(c). In addition,
Parent shall deposit with the Exchange Agent, as necessary from time to time
after the Effective Time, any dividends or other distributions payable pursuant
to Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of any fractional shares payable pursuant
to Section 2.02(e). All shares of Parent Common Stock, cash, dividends and
distributions deposited with the Exchange Agent pursuant to this Section
2.02(a) shall hereinafter be referred to as the "Exchange Fund".

         (b) Exchange Procedures. As soon as reasonably practicable after the
Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder
of record of a Certificate whose shares of Company Common Stock were converted
into the right to receive the Merger Consideration, any dividends or other
distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of any
fractional shares payable pursuant to Section 2.02(e) (i) a form of letter of
transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of
loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery of
the Certificates to the Exchange Agent and which shall be in customary form
and contain customary provisions) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting
the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for the Merger Consideration,
any dividends or other distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.02(c) and
cash in lieu of any fractional shares payable pursuant to Section 2.02(e).
Each holder of record of one or more Certificates shall, upon surrender to the
Exchange Agent of such Certificate or Certificates, together with such letter
of transmittal, duly executed, and such other documents as may reasonably be
required by the Exchange Agent, be entitled to receive in exchange therefor
(i) the amount of cash to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section
2.01(c), (ii) a certificate or certificates representing that number of whole
shares of Parent Common Stock (after taking into account all Certificates
surrendered by such holder) to which such holder is entitled pursuant to
Section 2.01(c) (which shall be in uncertificated book entry form unless a
physical certificate is requested), (iii) any dividends or distributions
payable pursuant to Section 2.02(c) and (iv) cash in lieu of any fractional
shares payable pursuant to Section 2.02(e), and the Certificates so
surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. In the event of a transfer of
ownership of Company Common Stock which is not registered in the transfer
records of the Company, payment of the Merger Consideration in accordance with
this Section 2.02(b) may be made to a person other than the person in whose
name the Certificate so surrendered is registered if such Certificate

<PAGE>

                                                                              5


shall be properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and the
person requesting such payment shall pay any transfer or other taxes required
by reason of the payment of the Merger Consideration, any dividends or other
distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of any
fractional shares payable pursuant to Section 2.02(e) to a person other than
the registered holder of such Certificate or establish to the reasonable
satisfaction of Parent that such taxes have been paid or are not applicable.
Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 2.02(b), each Certificate
shall be deemed at any time after the Effective Time to represent only the
right to receive upon such surrender the Merger Consideration, any dividends or
other distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of any
fractional shares payable pursuant to Section 2.02(e). No interest shall be
paid or will accrue on any payment to holders of Certificates pursuant to the
provisions of this Article II.

         (c) Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares. No dividends or
other distributions with respect to Parent Common Stock with a record date
after the Effective Time shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered
Certificate with respect to the shares of Parent Common Stock that the holder
thereof has the right to receive upon the surrender thereof, and no cash
payment in lieu of fractional shares of Parent Common Stock shall be paid to
any such holder pursuant to Section 2.02(e), in each case until the holder of
such Certificate shall have surrendered such Certificate in accordance with
this Article II. Following the surrender of any Certificate, there shall be
paid to the record holder of the certificate representing whole shares of
Parent Common Stock issued in exchange therefor, without interest, (i) at the
time of such surrender, the amount of dividends or other distributions with a
record date after the Effective Time theretofore paid with respect to such
whole shares of Parent Common Stock and the amount of any cash payable in lieu
of a fractional share of Parent Common Stock to which such holder is entitled
pursuant to Section 2.02(e) and (ii) at the appropriate payment date, the
amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the
Effective Time but prior to such surrender and a payment date subsequent to
such surrender payable with respect to such whole shares of Parent Common
Stock.

         (d) No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock. The Merger
Consideration, any dividends or other distributions payable pursuant to
Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of any fractional shares payable pursuant to
Section 2.02(e) paid upon the surrender of Certificates in accordance with the
terms of this Article II shall be deemed to have been paid in full
satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the shares of Company Common Stock
formerly represented by such Certificates. At the close of business on the day
on which the Effective Time occurs, the share transfer books of the Company
shall be closed, and there shall be no further registration of transfers on
the share transfer books of the Surviving Corporation of the shares of Company
Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time.
If, after the Effective Time, any Certificate is presented to the Surviving
Corporation for transfer, it shall be canceled against delivery of the Merger
Consideration, any dividends or other distributions payable pursuant to
Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of any fractional shares payable pursuant to
Section 2.02(e) to the holder thereof as provided in this Article II.

         (e) No Fractional Shares. (i) No certificates or scrip
representing fractional shares of Parent Common Stock shall be issued upon
the surrender for exchange of Certificates, no dividends or other
distributions of Parent shall relate to such fractional share interests and

<PAGE>

                                                                             6


such fractional share interests will not entitle the owner thereof to vote
or to any rights of a shareholder of Parent.

            (ii) In lieu of such fractional share interests, Parent shall pay
to each holder of a Certificate an amount in cash equal to the product obtained
by multiplying (A) the fractional share interest to which such holder (after
taking into account all shares of Company Common Stock formerly represented by
all Certificates surrendered by such holder) would otherwise be entitled by (B)
the per share closing price of Parent Common Stock on the Closing Date (the
"Closing Price"), as such price is reported on the NYSE Composite Transaction
Tape (as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets or such other source as the
parties shall agree in writing).

            (f) Termination of the Exchange Fund. Any portion of the Exchange
Fund which remains undistributed to the holders of the Certificates for six
months after the Effective Time shall be delivered to Parent, upon demand, and
any holders of the Certificates who have not theretofore complied with this
Article II shall thereafter look only to Parent for, and Parent shall remain
liable for, payment of their claim for the Merger Consideration, any dividends
or other distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of
any fractional shares payable pursuant to Section 2.02(e) in accordance with
this Article II.

            (g) No Liability. None of Parent, Sub, the Company, the Surviving
Corporation or the Exchange Agent shall be liable to any person in respect of
any shares of Parent Common Stock, cash, dividends or other distributions from
the Exchange Fund properly delivered to a public official pursuant to any
applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Law. If any Certificate shall
not have been surrendered prior to four years after the Effective Time (or
immediately prior to such earlier date on which any Merger Consideration (and
any dividends or other distributions payable with respect thereto pursuant to
Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of any fractional shares payable with respect
thereto pursuant to Section 2.02(e)) would otherwise escheat to or become the
property of any Governmental Entity), any such Merger Consideration (and any
dividends or other distributions payable with respect thereto pursuant to
Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of any fractional shares payable with respect
thereto pursuant to Section 2.02(e)) shall, to the extent permitted by
applicable Law, become the property of Parent, free and clear of all claims or
interest of any person previously entitled thereto.

            (h) Investment of Exchange Fund. The Exchange Agent shall invest
the cash included in the Exchange Fund as directed by Parent. Any interest and
other income resulting from such investments shall be paid to and be income of
Parent. If for any reason (including losses) the cash in the Exchange Fund
shall be insufficient to fully satisfy all of the payment obligations to be
made in cash by the Exchange Agent hereunder, Parent shall promptly deposit
cash into the Exchange Fund in an amount which is equal to the deficiency in
the amount of cash required to fully satisfy such cash payment obligations.

            (i) Lost Certificates. If any Certificate shall have been lost,
stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the
person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if
required by Parent, the posting by such person of a bond in such reasonable
amount as Parent may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made
against it with respect to such Certificate, the Exchange Agent shall
deliver in exchange for such lost,

<PAGE>
                                                                              7


stolen or destroyed Certificate the Merger Consideration, any dividends or
other distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of
any fractional shares payable pursuant to Section 2.02(e), in each case
pursuant to this Article II.

            (j) Withholding Rights. Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the
Exchange Agent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration
otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of Certificates such
amounts as Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent is required
to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or any provision of
state, local or foreign tax Law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld and
paid over to the appropriate taxing authority by Parent, the Surviving
Corporation or the Exchange Agent, such withheld amounts shall be treated for
all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of
Certificates in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by
Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent.

                                  ARTICLE III

                         Representations and Warranties
                         ------------------------------

            SECTION 3.01. Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except
as disclosed in the Company SEC Documents filed by the Company and publicly
available prior to the date of this Agreement ("Filed Company SEC Documents")
and except as set forth in the disclosure schedule (with specific reference to
the particular Section or subsection of this Agreement to which the information
set forth in such disclosure schedule relates; provided, however, that any
information set forth in one section of the Company Disclosure Schedule shall
be deemed to apply to each other Section or subsection thereof to which its
relevance is readily apparent on its face) delivered by the Company to Parent
prior to the execution of this Agreement (the "Company Disclosure Schedule"),
the Company represents and warrants to Parent and Sub as follows:

            (a) Organization, Standing and Corporate Power. Each of the Company
     and its Subsidiaries has been duly organized, and is validly existing and
     in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize that
     concept) under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or
     formation, as the case may be, and has all requisite power and authority
     and possesses all governmental licenses, permits, authorizations and
     approvals necessary to enable it to use its corporate or other name and to
     own, lease or otherwise hold and operate its properties and other assets
     and to carry on its business as currently conducted, except where the
     failure to have such governmental licenses, permits, authorizations or
     approvals individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not
     reasonably be expected to have a Material

<PAGE>
                                                                              8


     Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified
     or licensed to do business and is in good standing (with respect to
     jurisdictions that recognize that concept) in each jurisdiction in which
     the nature of its business or the ownership, leasing or operation of its
     properties makes such qualification, licensing or good standing necessary,
     other than in such jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified,
     licensed or in good standing individually or in the aggregate has not had
     and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
     The Company has made available to Parent, prior to the execution of this
     Agreement, complete and accurate copies of the Company Articles and the
     Company's By-laws (the "Company By-laws"), and the comparable
     organizational documents of each Significant Subsidiary (as such term is
     defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act), in each case as amended to
     the date hereof.

            (b) Subsidiaries. Section 3.01(b) of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule lists, as of the date hereof, (i) each Significant Subsidiary of
     the Company (including its state of incorporation or formation) and (ii)
     each other Subsidiary of the Company. All of the outstanding capital stock
     of, or other equity interests in, each Significant Subsidiary of the
     Company, is directly or indirectly owned by the Company. All the issued
     and outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other equity interests in,
     each such Subsidiary owned by the Company have been validly issued and are
     fully paid and nonassessable and are owned directly or indirectly by the
     Company free and clear of all pledges, liens, charges, encumbrances or
     security interests of any kind or nature whatsoever (other than liens,
     charges and encumbrances for current taxes not yet due and payable)
     (collectively, "Liens"), and free of any restriction on the right to vote,
     sell or otherwise dispose of such capital stock or other equity interests.
     Except with respect to securities of non-Affiliates that, to the Knowledge
     of the Company, do not constitute a 20% or greater interest in such
     non-Affiliates (or a 5% or greater interest in such non-Affiliates if the
     Company's investment therein is greater than $20,000,000), and except for
     the capital stock of, or voting securities or equity interests in, its
     Subsidiaries, the Company does not own, directly or indirectly, as of the
     date hereof, any capital stock of, or other voting securities or equity
     interests in, any corporation, partnership, joint venture, association or
     other entity.

            (c) Capital Structure. The authorized capital stock of the Company
     consists of 1,000,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and 50,000,000
     shares of preferred stock, without par value ("Company Preferred Stock").
     1,500,000 shares of Company Preferred Stock have been designated as Series
     A Participating Preferred Stock, without par value (the "Company Series A
     Preferred Stock"). At the close of business on December 14, 2004, (i)
     321,485,774 shares of Company Common Stock were issued and outstanding
     (which number includes (A) 535,645 shares of Company Common Stock held by
     the Company in its treasury, (B) 1,934,116 shares of Company Common Stock
     held by the trust established under The Guidant Employee Savings and Stock
     Ownership Plan and (C) 919,276 shares of Company Common Stock subject to
     vesting and restrictions on transfer ("Company Restricted Stock")), (ii)
     41,590,880 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved and available for
     issuance pursuant to the Company's 1994 Stock Plan, as amended, 1996
     Nonemployee Director Stock Plan, as amended, 1998 Stock Plan, as amended,
     and 2001 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP") (such plans,
     collectively, the "Company Stock Plans"), of which 35,485,818 shares of
     Company Common Stock were subject to outstanding Company Stock Options or
     agreements to issue Company Stock Options, and (iii) no shares of Company
     Preferred Stock (including Company Series A Preferred Stock) were issued
     or outstanding or were held by the Company as treasury shares. Except as
     set forth above in this Section 3.01(c), at the close of business on
     December 14, 2004, no shares of capital stock or other voting securities
     or equity interests of the Company were issued, reserved

<PAGE>

                                                                              9


     for issuance or outstanding. At the close of business on December 14,
     2004, there were no outstanding stock appreciation rights, "phantom" stock
     rights, restricted stock units, performance units, rights to receive
     shares of Company Common Stock on a deferred basis or other rights (other
     than Company Stock Options) that are linked to the value of Company Common
     Stock (collectively, "Company Stock-Based Awards"). All outstanding
     options to purchase shares of Company Common Stock exclusive of rights
     under the ESPP (collectively, "Company Stock Options") and shares of
     Company Restricted Stock are evidenced by stock option agreements,
     restricted stock purchase agreements or other award agreements. All
     outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are, and all shares
     which may be issued pursuant to the Company Stock Options or Company
     Stock-Based Awards will be, when issued in accordance with the terms
     thereof, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and
     not subject to preemptive rights. There are no bonds, debentures, notes or
     other indebtedness of the Company having the right to vote (or convertible
     into, or exchangeable for, securities having the right to vote) on any
     matters on which shareholders of the Company may vote. Except as set forth
     above in this Section 3.01(c) and for issuances of shares of Company
     Common Stock pursuant to the Company Stock Options set forth above in this
     Section 3.01(c) and subject to Section 4.01(a), (x) there are not issued,
     reserved for issuance or outstanding (A) any shares of capital stock or
     other voting securities or equity interests of the Company, (B) any
     securities of the Company convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable
     for shares of capital stock or other voting securities or equity interests
     of the Company, (C) any warrants, calls, options or other rights to
     acquire from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no obligation of
     the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, any capital stock, voting
     securities, equity interests or securities convertible into or
     exchangeable or exercisable for capital stock or voting securities of the
     Company or (D) any Company Stock-Based Awards and (y) there are not any
     outstanding obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to
     repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any such securities or to issue,
     deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, any such
     securities. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to
     any voting Contract with respect to the voting of any such securities.
     Except as set forth above in this Section 3.01(c) and subject to Section
     4.01(a), there are no outstanding (1) securities of the Company or any of
     its Subsidiaries convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for
     shares of capital stock or voting securities or equity interests of any
     Subsidiary of the Company, (2) warrants, calls, options or other rights to
     acquire from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no obligation of
     the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, any capital stock, voting
     securities, equity interests or securities convertible into or
     exchangeable or exercisable for capital stock or voting securities of any
     Subsidiary of the Company or (3) obligations of the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any such
     outstanding securities or to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be
     issued, delivered or sold, any such securities.

            (d) Authority; Noncontravention. The Company has all requisite
     corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and,
     subject to receipt of the Shareholder Approval, to consummate the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and delivery of
     this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly

<PAGE>
                                                                             10


     authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company
     and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are
     necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement, subject, in the case of the consummation
     of the Merger, to the obtaining of the Shareholder Approval. This
     Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and,
     assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by each of the
     other parties hereto, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of
     the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms,
     subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, moratorium,
     reorganization or similar Laws affecting the rights of creditors generally
     and the availability of equitable remedies (regardless of whether such
     enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). The
     Board of Directors of the Company, at a meeting duly called and held, duly
     and unanimously adopted by all directors present, resolutions (i) adopting
     this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement, (ii) declaring that it is in the best interests of the Company
     and the shareholders of the Company that the Company enter into this
     Agreement and consummate the Merger and the other transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement on the terms and subject to the conditions
     set forth in this Agreement, (iii) directing that the Company use its
     reasonable best efforts to submit the approval of this Agreement to a vote
     at a meeting of the shareholders of the Company within 120 days of the
     date hereof and (iv) recommending that the shareholders of the Company
     approve this Agreement, which resolutions, as of the date of this
     Agreement, have not been subsequently rescinded, modified or withdrawn in
     any way. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company do
     not, and the consummation by the Company of the Merger and the other
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement and compliance by the Company
     with the provisions of this Agreement will not, conflict with, or result
     in any violation or breach of, or default (with or without notice or lapse
     of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of, or result in,
     termination, cancelation or acceleration of any obligation or to the loss
     of a benefit under, or result in the creation of any Lien in or upon any
     of the properties or other assets of the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries under, (x) the Company Articles or the Company By-laws or the
     comparable organizational documents of any of its Subsidiaries, (y) any
     loan or credit agreement, bond, debenture, note, mortgage, indenture,
     lease, supply agreement, license agreement, development agreement or other
     contract, agreement, obligation, commitment or instrument that is intended
     by the Company, Parent or any of their respective Subsidiaries, as
     applicable, to be legally binding, (each, including all amendments
     thereto, a "Contract"), to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is
     a party or any of their respective properties or other assets is subject
     or (z) subject to the obtaining of the Shareholder Approval and the
     governmental filings and other matters referred to in the following
     sentence, any (A) statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation (each, a
     "Law") applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their
     respective properties or other assets or (B) order, writ, injunction,
     decree, judgment or stipulation (each, an "Order") applicable to the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective properties or other
     assets, other than, in the case of clauses (y) and (z), any such
     conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults, rights of termination,
     cancelation or acceleration, losses or Liens that individually or in the
     aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be expected to (x) have a
     Material Adverse Effect, (y) impair in any material respect the

<PAGE>
                                                                             11


     ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or
     (z) prevent or materially impede, interfere with, hinder or delay the
     consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No
     consent, approval, order or authorization of, action by or in respect of,
     or registration, declaration or filing with, any Federal, state, local or
     foreign government, any court, administrative, regulatory or other
     governmental agency, commission or authority or any organized securities
     exchange (each, a "Governmental Entity") is required by or with respect to
     the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the execution
     and delivery of this Agreement by the Company or the consummation of the
     Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except
     for (1) (A) the filing of a premerger notification and report form by the
     Company under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
     amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the "HSR Act") and the
     termination of the waiting period required thereunder, (B) all required
     notifications and filings by the Company under Article 4 of Council
     Regulation 139/2004 of the European Community, as amended (the "EC Merger
     Regulation"), and the receipt of a decision under Article 6(1)(b), 8(1) or
     8(2) thereunder declaring the Merger compatible with the EC Common Market
     and (C) the receipt, termination or expiration, as applicable, of
     approvals or waiting periods required under any other applicable
     competition, merger control, antitrust or similar Law, (2) the filing with
     the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") of (X) a proxy
     statement relating to the adoption by the shareholders of the Company of
     this Agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Proxy
     Statement") and (Y) such reports under the Securities Exchange Act of
     1934, as amended (including the rules and regulations promulgated
     thereunder, the "Exchange Act"), as may be required in connection with
     this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (3)
     the filing of the Articles of Merger with the Secretary of State of the
     State of Indiana and appropriate documents with the relevant authorities
     of other states in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is
     qualified to do business, (4) any filings with and approvals of the NYSE
     and (5) such other consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, actions,
     registrations, declarations and filings the failure of which to be
     obtained or made individually or in the aggregate has not had and would
     not reasonably be expected to (x) have a Material Adverse Effect, (y)
     impair in any material respect the ability of the Company to perform its
     obligations under this Agreement or (z) prevent or materially impede,
     interfere with, hinder or delay the consummation of the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement.

            (e) Company SEC Documents. (i) The Company has filed all reports,
     schedules, forms, statements and other documents (including exhibits and
     other information incorporated therein) with the SEC required to be filed
     by the Company since January 1, 2003 (such documents, together with any
     documents filed during such period by the Company with the SEC on a
     voluntary basis on Current Reports on Form 8-K, the "Company SEC
     Documents"). As of their respective filing dates, the Company SEC
     Documents complied in all material respects with, to the extent in effect
     at the time of filing, the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as
     amended (including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the
     "Securities Act"), the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
     (including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, "SOX")
     applicable to such Company SEC Documents, and none of the Company SEC
     Documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or

<PAGE>
                                                                             12


     omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
     necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
     circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Except to the
     extent that information contained in any Company SEC Document has been
     revised, amended, supplemented or superseded by a later-filed Company SEC
     Document, none of the Company SEC Documents contains any untrue statement
     of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be
     stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
     light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,
     which individually or in the aggregate would require an amendment,
     supplement or corrective filing to such Company SEC Documents. Each of the
     financial statements (including the related notes) of the Company included
     in the Company SEC Documents complied at the time it was filed as to form
     in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements and
     the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto in
     effect at the time of filing, had been prepared in accordance with
     generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("GAAP")
     (except, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by the rules
     and regulations of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during the
     periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and
     fairly presented in all material respects the consolidated financial
     position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates
     thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows
     for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
     to normal year-end audit adjustments). Neither the Company nor any of its
     Subsidiaries has any liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether
     accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise) which individually or in the
     aggregate have had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material
     Adverse Effect. None of the Subsidiaries of the Company are, or have at
     any time since January 1, 2003 been, subject to the reporting requirements
     of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

            (ii) Each of the principal executive officer of the Company and the
     principal financial officer of the Company (or each former principal
     executive officer of the Company and each former principal financial
     officer of the Company, as applicable) has made all certifications
     required by Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 under the Exchange Act and Sections 302
     and 906 of SOX with respect to the Company SEC Documents, and the
     statements contained in such certifications are true and accurate. For
     purposes of this Agreement, "principal executive officer" and "principal
     financial officer" shall have the meanings given to such terms in SOX.
     Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has outstanding, or has
     arranged any outstanding, "extensions of credit" to directors or executive
     officers within the meaning of Section 402 of SOX. (iii) The Company
     maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide
     reasonable assurance that (A) transactions are executed in accordance with
     management's general or specific authorizations; (B) access to assets is
     permitted only in accordance with management's general or specific
     authorization; and (C) the recorded accountability for assets is compared
     with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is
     taken with respect to any differences.

            (iv) The Company's "disclosure controls and procedures" (as
     defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) are
     reasonably designed to ensure

<PAGE>
                                                                             13


     that all information (both financial and non-financial) required to be
     disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the
     Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
     time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that all
     such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's
     management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
     disclosure and to make the certifications of the chief executive officer
     and chief financial officer of the Company required under the Exchange Act
     with respect to such reports.

            (f) Information Supplied. None of the information supplied or to be
     supplied by or on behalf of the Company specifically for inclusion or
     incorporation by reference in (i) the registration statement on Form S-4
     to be filed with the SEC by Parent in connection with the issuance of
     shares of Parent Common Stock in the Merger (as amended or supplemented
     from time to time, the "Form S-4") will, at the time the Form S-4 is filed
     with the SEC and at the time it becomes effective under the Securities
     Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
     material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
     statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are
     made, not misleading or (ii) the Proxy Statement will, at the date it is
     first mailed to the shareholders of the Company and at the time of the
     Shareholders' Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
     omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
     in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
     under which they are made, not misleading, except that no representation
     or warranty is made by the Company with respect to statements made or
     incorporated by reference therein based on information supplied by or on
     behalf of Parent or Sub specifically for inclusion or incorporation by
     reference in the Form S-4 or the Proxy Statement. The Proxy Statement will
     comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the
     Exchange Act.

            (g) Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except for liabilities
     incurred in connection with this Agreement or as expressly permitted
     pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(i) through (xvi), since the date of the most
     recent financial statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents,
     the Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their respective
     businesses only in the ordinary course consistent with past practice, and
     there has not been any Material Adverse Change, and from such date until
     the date hereof there has not been (i) any declaration, setting aside or
     payment of any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or
     property) with respect to any capital stock of the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries, other than (x) cash dividends payable by the Company in
     respect of shares of Company Common Stock consistent with past practice
     and not exceeding $0.10 per share of Company Common Stock per fiscal
     quarter or (y) dividends or distributions by a direct or indirect wholly
     owned Subsidiary of the Company to its shareholders, (ii) any purchase,
     redemption or other acquisition by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
     of any shares of capital stock or any other securities of the Company or
     any of its Subsidiaries or any options, warrants, calls or rights to
     acquire such shares or other securities, other than in connection with net
     share withholding in connection with the vesting of Company Restricted
     Stock, (iii) any split, combination or reclassification of any capital
     stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any issuance or the
     authorization of any issuance of any other securities in respect of, in
     lieu of or in substitution for shares of their respective capital stock,

<PAGE>
                                                                         14


     (iv) (A) any granting by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any
     current or former (1) director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
     or (2) employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries who is treated
     as a Tier I Employee (a "Tier I Employee") or Tier II Employee (a "Tier II
     Employee") for purposes of the Company's Change in Control Severance Pay
     Plan for Select Employees (all individuals described in the foregoing
     clauses (1) and (2) of this clause (A), collectively, the "Key Personnel")
     of any increase in compensation, bonus or fringe or other benefits, except
     for normal increases in cash compensation (including cash bonuses) in the
     ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or as was
     required under any Company Benefit Agreement or Company Benefit Plan, (B)
     any granting by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any Key
     Personnel of (1) any increase in severance or termination pay or (2) any
     right to receive any severance or termination pay except for severance or
     termination pay received in the ordinary course of business consistent
     with past practice or as was required under any Company Benefit Agreement
     or Company Benefit Plan, (C) any entry by the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries into, or any amendments of, (1) any employment, deferred
     compensation, consulting, severance, change of control, termination or
     indemnification Contract with any Key Personnel or (2) any Contract with
     any Key Personnel the benefits of which are contingent, or the terms of
     which are materially altered, upon the occurrence of a transaction
     involving the Company of a nature contemplated by this Agreement (all such
     Contracts under this clause (C), collectively, "Company Benefit
     Agreements"), (D) the removal or modification of any restrictions in any
     Company Benefit Agreement or Company Benefit Plan or awards made
     thereunder, except as required to comply with applicable Law or any
     Company Benefit Agreement or Company Benefit Plan in effect as of the date
     hereof or (E) the adoption, amendment or termination of any Company
     Benefit Plan, other than, in the cases of clauses (A), (B), (C) and (D),
     such increases, amendments, new agreements, removals, modifications or
     terminations with respect to Tier II Employees that (1) do not provide for
     any increase in compensation or benefits for any individual Tier II
     Employee that is material in relation to such Tier II Employee's
     compensation or benefits prior to such increase and (2) in the aggregate
     do not result in any material increase in compensation, benefits or other
     similar expenses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, (v) any damage,
     destruction or loss, whether or not covered by insurance, that
     individually or in the aggregate has had or would reasonably be expected
     to have a Material Adverse Effect, (vi) any change in accounting methods,
     principles or practices by the Company materially affecting its assets,
     liabilities or businesses, except insofar as may have been required by a
     change in GAAP or (vii) any material tax election or any settlement or
     compromise of any material income tax liability.

            (h) Litigation. Except with respect to taxes, which are the
     subject of Section 3.01(n), there is no suit, action or proceeding
     pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against or
     affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
     respective assets that individually or in the aggregate has had or would
     reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, nor is there
     any demand, letter or Order of any Governmental Entity or arbitrator
     outstanding against, or, to the Knowledge of the Company, investigation
     by any Governmental Entity involving, the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets that individually or in

<PAGE>
                                                                             15


     the aggregate has had or would reasonably be expected to have a
     Material Adverse Effect.

            (i) Contracts. (1) As of the date hereof, neither the Company nor
     any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, and none of their respective
     properties or other assets is subject to, any Contract that is a
     "material contract" (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of
     Regulation S-K of the SEC) (a "Material Contract"). None of the Company,
     any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other
     party thereto is in violation of or in default under (nor does there
     exist any condition which upon the passage of time or the giving of
     notice or both would cause such a violation of or default by the Company
     or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other
     party thereto under) any Contract to which it is a party or by which it
     or any of its properties or other assets is bound, except for violations
     or defaults that individually or in the aggregate have not had and would
     not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the
     Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered into any Contract that is
     currently in effect that is required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404
     of Regulation S-K of the SEC.

            (2) Section 3.01(i)(2) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains
     a complete and accurate list, as of the date hereof, of (A) each material
     Contract restricting or purporting to restrict any of the Company's
     Affiliates' ability to compete (other than each such Contract that only
     restricts the Company's Subsidiaries' ability to compete) in any line of
     business, geographic area or customer segment, (B) each material Contract
     restricting the Company's or any of its Subsidiaries' ability to compete
     in any line of business, geographic area or customer segment and (C) each
     material Contract relating to distribution, sale, supply, licensing,
     co-promotion or manufacturing of any products or services of the Company
     or any of its Subsidiaries or any products licensed by the Company or any
     of its Subsidiaries.

            (j) Compliance with Laws; Environmental Matters. (i) Except with
     respect to Environmental Laws, the Employee Retirement Income Security
     Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), taxes and regulatory compliance, which
     are the subjects of Sections 3.01(j)(ii), 3.01(l), 3.01(n) and 3.01(u),
     respectively, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in compliance
     with all Laws and Orders (collectively, "Legal Provisions") applicable to
     it, its properties or other assets or its business or operations, except
     for failures to be in compliance that individually or in the aggregate
     have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
     Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has in effect
     all approvals, authorizations, certificates, filings, franchises,
     licenses, notices and permits of or with all Governmental Entities
     (collectively, "Permits"), including all Permits under the Federal Food,
     Drug and Cosmetic Act of 1938, as amended (including the rules and
     regulations promulgated thereunder, the "FDCA"), necessary for it to own,
     lease or operate its properties and other assets and to carry on its
     business and operations as currently conducted, except where the failure
     to have such Permits individually or in the aggregate has not had and
     would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Since
     January 1, 2000, there has occurred no default under, or violation of,
     any such Permit, except for any such default or violation that
     individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not

<PAGE>
                                                                            16


     reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The
     consummation of the Merger, in and of itself, would not cause the
     revocation or cancelation of any such Permit that individually or in the
     aggregate would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

            (ii) Except for those matters that individually or in the
     aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a
     Material Adverse Effect: (A) during the period of ownership or operation
     by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any of its currently or
     formerly owned, leased or operated properties, there have been no
     Releases of Hazardous Materials in, on, under or affecting any properties
     which would subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any
     liability under any Environmental Law or require any expenditure by the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries for remediation to meet applicable
     standards thereunder; (B) prior to and after, as applicable, the period
     of ownership or operation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of
     any of its currently or formerly owned, leased or operated properties, to
     the Knowledge of the Company, there were no Releases of Hazardous
     Materials in, on, under or affecting any properties which would subject
     the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability under any
     Environmental Law or require any expenditure by the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries for remediation to meet applicable standards thereunder; (C)
     neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any
     indemnity obligation or other Contract with any person relating to
     obligations or liabilities under Environmental Laws; and (D) to the
     Knowledge of the Company, there are no facts, circumstances or conditions
     that would reasonably be expected to form the basis for any
     investigation, suit, claim, action, proceeding or liability against or
     affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries relating to or arising
     under Environmental Laws. The term "Environmental Laws" means all
     applicable Federal, state, local and foreign Laws (including the common
     law), Orders, notices, Permits or binding Contracts issued, promulgated
     or entered into by any Governmental Entity, relating in any way to the
     environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources or the
     presence, management, Release of, or exposure to, Hazardous Materials, or
     to human health and safety. The term "Hazardous Materials" means (1)
     petroleum products and by-products, asbestos and asbestos-containing
     materials, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, medical or infectious
     wastes, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, radioactive substances,
     chlorofluorocarbons and all other ozone-depleting substances and (2) any
     other chemical, material, substance, waste, pollutant or contaminant that
     is prohibited, limited or regulated by or pursuant to any Environmental
     Law. The term "Release" means any spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring,
     emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping,
     disposing or migrating into or through the environment or any natural or
     man-made structure.

            (k) Labor Relations. From the date of the most recent financial
     statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents through the date
     hereof, there has not been any adoption, material amendment or
     termination by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any collective
     bargaining or other labor union Contract to which the Company or any of
     its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries is bound. There are no collective bargaining or other labor
     union Contracts to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
     party or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound. As of
     the date of this Agreement, none of the employees

<PAGE>
                                                                            17


     of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are represented by any
     union with respect to their employment by the Company or such Subsidiary.
     Since January 1, 2003, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
     has experienced any material labor disputes, union organization attempts
     or work stoppages, slowdowns or lockouts due to labor disagreements.

            (l) ERISA Compliance. (i) Section 3.01(l)(i) of the Company
     Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and accurate list of each
     employment, bonus, pension, profit sharing, deferred compensation,
     incentive compensation, stock ownership, stock purchase, stock
     appreciation, restricted stock, stock option, "phantom" stock,
     performance, retirement, thrift, savings, stock bonus, paid time off,
     perquisite, fringe benefit, vacation, severance, disability, death
     benefit, hospitalization, medical, welfare benefit or other plan,
     program, policy or Contract maintained, contributed to or required to be
     maintained or contributed to by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
     any other person or entity that, together with the Company, is treated as
     a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code
     (each, a "Commonly Controlled Entity") (exclusive of any such plan,
     program, policy or Contract mandated by and maintained solely pursuant to
     applicable law), in each case providing benefits to any current or former
     director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
     (collectively, but exclusive of individual option and restricted award
     agreements issued under the Company Stock Plans, the "Company Benefit
     Plans") and each Company Benefit Agreement (exclusive of local offer
     letters mandated under applicable non-U.S. law that do not impose any
     severance obligations other than any mandatory statutory severance). Each
     Company Benefit Plan that is an "employee pension benefit plan" (as
     defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) is sometimes referred to herein as a
     "Company Pension Plan" and each Company Benefit Plan that is an "employee
     welfare benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) is sometimes
     referred to herein as a "Company Welfare Plan".

            (ii) The Company has provided to Parent complete and accurate
     copies of (A) each Company Benefit Plan or, at the Company's option, in
     the case of Company Benefit Plans maintained primarily for the benefit
     of individuals regularly employed outside the United States, a summary
     thereof (or, in either case, with respect to any unwritten Company
     Benefit Plans, descriptions thereof) and Company Benefit Agreements
     (exclusive of local offer letters mandated under applicable non-U.S. law
     that do not impose any severance obligations other than any mandatory
     statutory severance), (B) the two most recent annual reports on Form
     5500 required to be filed with the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS")
     with respect to each Company Benefit Plan (if any such report was
     required), (C) the most recent summary plan description for each Company
     Benefit Plan for which such summary plan description is required and (D)
     each trust Contract and insurance or group annuity Contract relating to
     any Company Benefit Plan.

            (iii) Each Company Benefit Plan has been administered in all
     material respects in accordance with its terms. The Company, its
     Subsidiaries and all the Company Benefit Plans are all in compliance in
     all material respects with the applicable provisions of

<PAGE>
                                                                           18


     ERISA, the Code and all other applicable Laws, including Laws of foreign
     jurisdictions, and the terms of all collective bargaining Contracts.

            (iv) All Company Pension Plans intended to be tax-qualified have
     received favorable determination letters from the IRS with respect to
     "TRA" (as defined in Section 1 of IRS Rev. Proc. 93-39), and have timely
     filed with the IRS determination letter applications (or have received
     such a determination letter) with respect to "GUST" (as defined in
     Section 1 of IRS Notice 2001-42), to the effect that such Company
     Pension Plans are qualified and exempt from Federal income taxes under
     Sections 401(a) and 501(a), respectively, of the Code, no such
     determination letter has been revoked (nor, to the Knowledge of the
     Company, has revocation been threatened) and to the Knowledge of the
     Company, no event has occurred since the date of the most recent
     determination letter or application therefor relating to any such
     Company Pension Plan that would reasonably be expected to adversely
     affect the qualification of such Company Pension Plan or materially
     increase the costs relating thereto or require security under Section
     307 of ERISA. The Company has provided to Parent a complete and accurate
     copy of the most recent determination letter received prior to the date
     hereof with respect to each Company Pension Plan, as well as a complete
     and accurate copy of each pending application for a determination
     letter, if any. The Company has also provided to Parent a complete and
     accurate list of all amendments to any Company Pension Plan as to which
     a favorable determination letter has not yet been received.

            (v) Neither the Company nor any Commonly Controlled Entity has,
     during the six-year period ending on the date hereof, maintained,
     contributed to or been required to contribute to any Company Pension
     Plan that is subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, or
     any "multiemployer plan" as defined in Section 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of
     ERISA. Except as has not had and would not reasonably be expected to
     have a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company nor any Commonly
     Controlled Entity has any unsatisfied liability under Title IV of ERISA.
     To the Knowledge of the Company, no condition exists that presents a
     material risk to the Company or any Commonly Controlled Entity of
     incurring a material liability under Title IV of ERISA. The Pension
     Benefit Guaranty Corporation has not instituted proceedings under
     Section 4042 of ERISA to terminate any Company Benefit Plan and, to the
     Knowledge of the Company, no condition exists that presents a material
     risk that such proceedings will be instituted.

            (vi) Except as has not had and would not reasonably be expected to
     have a Material Adverse Effect, (A) all reports, returns and similar
     documents with respect to all Company Benefit Plans required to be filed
     with any Governmental Entity or distributed to any Company Benefit Plan
     participant have been duly and timely filed or distributed, (B) none of
     the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received notice of, and to the
     Knowledge of the Company, there are no investigations by any Governmental
     Entity with respect to, termination proceedings or other claims (except
     claims for benefits payable in the normal operation of the Company Benefit
     Plans), suits or proceedings against or involving any Company Benefit Plan
     or asserting any rights or claims to benefits under any Company Benefit
     Plan that could reasonably be expected to give rise to any material

<PAGE>
                                                                           19


     liability and (C) to the Knowledge of the Company, there are not
     any facts that could give rise to any liability in the event of any such
     investigation, claim, suit or proceeding.

            (vii) Except as has not had and would not reasonably be expected to
     have a Material Adverse Effect, (A) all contributions, premiums and
     benefit payments under or in connection with the Company Benefit Plans
     that are required to have been made as of the date hereof in accordance
     with the terms of the Company Benefit Plans have been timely made or have
     been reflected on the most recent consolidated balance sheet filed or
     incorporated by reference into the Filed Company SEC Documents and (B) no
     Company Pension Plan has an "accumulated funding deficiency" (as such term
     is defined in Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code), whether or
     not waived.

            (viii) With respect to each Company Benefit Plan, except as has not
     had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
     Effect, (A) there has not occurred any prohibited transaction (within the
     meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) in which the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective employees,
     or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any trustee, administrator or other
     fiduciary of such Company Benefit Plan, or any agent of the foregoing, has
     engaged that could reasonably be expected to subject the Company or any of
     its Subsidiaries or any of their respective employees, or any such
     trustee, administrator or other fiduciary, to the tax or penalty on
     prohibited transactions imposed by Section 4975 of the Code or the
     sanctions imposed under Title I of ERISA and (B) neither the Company, any
     of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective employees nor, to the
     Knowledge of the Company, any trustee, administrator or other fiduciary of
     any Company Benefit Plan nor any agent of any of the foregoing, has
     engaged in any transaction or acted in a manner, or failed to act in a
     manner, that could reasonably be expected to subject the Company or any of
     its Subsidiaries or any of their respective employees or, to the Knowledge
     of the Company, any such trustee, administrator or other fiduciary, to any
     liability for breach of fiduciary duty under ERISA or any other applicable
     Law.

            (ix) Each Company Welfare Plan may be amended or terminated
     (including with respect to benefits provided to retirees and other former
     employees) without material liability to the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries at any time after the Effective Time. Each of the Company and
     its Subsidiaries complies in all material respects with the applicable
     requirements of Section 4980B(f) of the Code, Sections 601-609 of ERISA or
     any similar state or local Law with respect to each Company Benefit Plan
     that is a group health plan, as such term is defined in Section 5000(b)(1)
     of the Code or such state Law. Neither the Company nor any of its
     Subsidiaries has any material obligations for health or life insurance
     benefits following termination of employment under any Company Benefit
     Plan (other than for continuation coverage required under Section
     4980(B)(f) of the Code).

            (x) None of the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the
     obtaining of the Shareholder Approval or the consummation of the Merger or
     any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement (alone or in
     conjunction with any other event, including as a result of any termination
     of employment on or following the Effective Time) will (A) entitle any
     current or former director, officer, employee or consultant of the

<PAGE>
                                                                             20


     Company or any of its Subsidiaries to severance or termination pay,
     (B) accelerate the time of payment or vesting, or trigger any payment or
     funding (through a grantor trust or otherwise) of, compensation or
     benefits under, increase the amount payable or trigger any other material
     obligation pursuant to, any Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit
     Agreement or (C) result in any breach or violation of, or a default under,
     any Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit Agreement.

            (xi) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any
     material liability or obligations, including under or on account of a
     Company Benefit Plan, arising out of the hiring of persons to provide
     services to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and treating such
     persons as consultants or independent contractors and not as employees of
     the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. No current or former independent
     contractor that provides or provided personal services to the Company or
     its Subsidiaries (other than a current or former director) is entitled to
     any material fringe or other benefits (other than cash consulting fees)
     pursuant to any plan, program, policy or Contract to which the Company or
     any of its Subsidiaries is a party or which is maintained, sponsored or
     contributed to by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

            (xii) No material deduction by the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries in respect of any "applicable employee remuneration" (within
     the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code) has been disallowed or is
     subject to disallowance by reason of Section 162(m) of the Code. For each
     of the Key Personnel, the Company has previously provided to Parent (A)
     accurate Form W-2 information for the 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002 and 2003
     calendar years, (B) annual base salary as of the date hereof, actual bonus
     earned for the 2003 calendar year and target annual bonus for the 2004
     calendar year and (C) a list, as of the date hereof, of all outstanding
     Company Stock Options, Company Restricted Stock and Company Stock-Based
     Awards granted under the Company Stock Plans or otherwise (other than
     rights under the ESPP), together with (as applicable) the number of shares
     of Company Common Stock subject thereto, and the grant dates, expiration
     dates, exercise or base prices and vesting schedules thereof, (D)
     estimated current annual cost of welfare benefits and (E) estimated cost
     of the pension benefit enhancement under Section 8 of the Company's Change
     in Control Severance Plan for Select Employees.

            (m) No Parachute Gross Up. Except as provided in accordance with
     the Company's Change in Control Severance Pay Plan for Select Employees,
     no current or former employee or director of the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries is entitled to receive any additional payment from the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries or the Surviving Corporation by reason
     of the excise tax required by Section 4999(a) of the Code being imposed on
     such person by reason of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

            (n) Taxes. Except as has not had and would not reasonably be
     expected to have a Material Adverse Effect:

            (i) All tax returns required by applicable Law to have been filed
     with any taxing authority by, or on behalf of, the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries have been

<PAGE>
                                                                             21


     filed in a timely manner (taking into account any valid extension)
     in accordance with all applicable Laws, and all such tax returns are true
     and complete in all material respects.

            (ii) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has paid (or has had
     paid on its behalf) all taxes due and owing, and the Company's most recent
     financial statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents reflect
     an adequate accrual for all taxes payable by Company and its Subsidiaries
     for all taxable periods and portions thereof accrued through the date of
     such financial statements.

            (iii) There are no Liens or encumbrances for taxes on any of the
     assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries other than for taxes not
     yet due and payable.

            (iv) The Company and its Subsidiaries have complied with all
     applicable Laws relating to the payment and withholding of taxes.

            (v) No written notification has been received by the Company or any
     of its Subsidiaries that any federal, state, local or foreign audit,
     examination or similar proceeding is pending, proposed or asserted with
     regard to any taxes or tax returns of the Company or its Subsidiaries.

            (vi) There is no currently effective Contract extending, or having
     the effect of extending, the period of assessment or collection of any
     federal, state and, to the Knowledge of the Company, foreign taxes with
     respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries nor has any request been
     made for any such extension.

            (vii) No written notice of a claim of pending investigation has
     been received from any state, local or other jurisdiction with which the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries currently does not file tax returns,
     alleging that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has a duty to file
     tax returns and pay taxes or is otherwise subject to the taxing authority
     of such jurisdiction.

            (viii) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries joins or has
     joined, for any taxable period during the eight years prior to the date of
     this Agreement, in the filing of any affiliated, aggregate, consolidated,
     combined or unitary federal, state, local and, to the Knowledge of the
     Company, foreign tax return other than consolidated tax returns for the
     consolidated group of which the Company is the common parent.

            (ix) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to
     or bound by any tax sharing agreement or tax indemnity agreement,
     arrangement or practice (including any advance pricing agreement, closing
     agreement or other agreement relating to taxes with any taxing authority).

            (x) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has constituted
     either a "distributing corporation" or a "controlled corporation" in a
     distribution of stock qualifying for tax-free treatment under Section 355
     of the Code in the two years prior to the date of this Agreement.

<PAGE>
                                                                             22


            (xi) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will be
     required to include in a taxable period ending after the Effective Time
     taxable income attributable to income that accrued in a prior taxable
     period (or portion of a taxable period) but was not recognized for tax
     purposes in any prior taxable period as a result of (A) an open
     transaction disposition made on or before the Effective Time, (B) a
     prepaid amount received on or prior to the Effective Time, (C) the
     installment method of accounting, (D) the long-term contract method of
     accounting, (E) the cash method of accounting or Section 481 of the Code
     or (F) any comparable provisions of state or local tax Law, domestic or
     foreign, or for any other reason, other than any amounts that are
     specifically reflected in a reserve for taxes on the most recent financial
     statements of the Company included in the Filed Company SEC Documents.

            (xii) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered
     into a "listed transaction" within the meaning of Treasury Regulation ss.
     1.6011-4(b)(2)

            (xiii) As used in this Agreement (A) "tax" means (i) any tax, duty,
     governmental fee or other like assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever
     (including withholding on amounts paid to or by any person and liabilities
     with respect to unclaimed funds), together with any related interest,
     penalty, addition to tax or additional amount, and any liability for any
     of the foregoing as transferee, (ii) in the case of the Company or any of
     its Subsidiaries, liability for the payment of any amount of the type
     described in clause (i) as a result of being or having been before the
     Effective Time a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or
     unitary group, or a party to any Contract as a result of which liability
     of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is determined or taken into
     account with reference to the activities of any other person and (iii) in
     the case of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, liability of the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries for the payment of any amount as a
     result of being party to any tax sharing Contract or with respect to the
     payment of any amount imposed on any person of the type described in (i)
     or (ii) as a result of any existing Contract (including an indemnification
     Contract); (B) "taxing authority" means any Federal, state, local or
     foreign government, any subdivision, agency, commission or authority
     thereof, or any quasi-governmental body exercising tax regulatory
     authority; and (C) "tax return" means any report, return, document,
     declaration or other information or filing required to be filed with
     respect to taxes (whether or not a payment is required to be made with
     respect to such filing), including information returns, any documents with
     respect to or accompanying payments of estimated taxes, or with respect to
     or accompanying requests for the extension of time in which to file any
     such report, return, document, declaration or other information.

            (o) Title to Properties. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries
     has valid title to, or valid leasehold or sublease interests or other
     comparable contract rights in or relating to all of its real properties and
     other tangible assets necessary for the conduct of its business as
     currently conducted, except as have been disposed of in the ordinary course
     of business and except for defects in title, easements, restrictive
     covenants and similar encumbrances that individually or in the aggregate
     have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
     Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has complied with
     the terms of all leases or subleases to which it is a party and under which
     it is in occupancy, and all leases to which the Company is a party and

<PAGE>
                                                                             23


     under which it is in occupancy are in full force and effect, except
     for such failure to comply or be in full force and effect that
     individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not reasonably be
     expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of
     its Subsidiaries has received any written notice of any event or
     occurrence that has resulted or could result (with or without the giving
     of notice, the lapse of time or both) in a default with respect to any
     lease or sublease to which it is a party, which defaults individually or
     in the aggregate have had or would reasonably be expected to have a
     Material Adverse Effect.

            (p) Intellectual Property. (i) Section 3.01(p)(i) of the Company
     Disclosure Schedule sets forth, as of the date hereof, a complete and
     accurate list (in all material respects) of all patents and applications
     therefor, registered trademarks and applications therefor, domain name
     registrations and copyright registrations (if any) that, in each case, are
     owned by or licensed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and are
     material to the conduct of the business of the Company and its
     Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as currently conducted. Such intellectual
     property rights required to be listed in Section 3.01(p)(i) of the Company
     Disclosure Schedule, together with any tradename rights, trade secret or
     know how rights, service mark rights, trademark rights, patent rights,
     intellectual property rights in computer programs or software or other
     type of intellectual property rights, in each case, that are owned or
     licensed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and are material to the
     conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
     whole, as currently conducted, are collectively referred to herein as
     "Intellectual Property Rights". All Intellectual Property Rights are
     either (x) owned by the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company free and
     clear of all Liens or (y) licensed to the Company or a Subsidiary of the
     Company free and clear (to the Knowledge of the Company) of all Liens,
     except where the failure to so own or license such Intellectual Property
     Rights individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not
     reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There are no
     claims pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened with regard
     to the ownership or, to the Knowledge of the Company, licensing by the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any Intellectual Property Rights
     which individually or in the aggregate has had or would reasonably be
     expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and its
     Subsidiaries owns, is validly licensed or otherwise has the right to use
     all Intellectual Property Rights, except where the failure to own, have a
     valid license or otherwise have rights to use individually or in the
     aggregate has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a
     Material Adverse Effect. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by
     the Company do not, and the consummation by the Company of the Merger and
     the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and compliance by
     the Company with the provisions of this Agreement will not, conflict with,
     or result in any violation or breach of, or default (with or without
     notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of, or
     result in, termination, cancelation or acceleration of any obligation or
     to the loss of a benefit under, or result in the creation of any Lien in
     or upon, any Intellectual Property Right, in each case that individually
     or in the aggregate has had or would reasonably be expected to have a
     Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.01(p)(i) of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule sets forth, as of the date hereof, all Contracts under which the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to make payments to third
     parties for use of any Intellectual Property Rights with respect to the

<PAGE>
                                                                              24


     commercialization of any products that are, as of the date hereof,
     being sold, manufactured by or under development by the Company or any of
     its Subsidiaries and for which such payments are in excess of $2,000,000
     per year for any single product. The aggregate amount of all such payments
     that the Company and its Subsidiaries are obligated to make under any
     Contract of the type described in the immediately preceding sentence that
     are not required to be disclosed pursuant to such sentence does not exceed
     $10,000,000 per year.

            (ii) There are no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
     threatened claims that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has
     infringed or is infringing (including with respect to the manufacture, use
     or sale by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any products or to
     the operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries) any intellectual
     property rights of any person which individually or in the aggregate has
     had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To
     the Knowledge of the Company, as of the date of this Agreement, there are
     no facts, circumstances or conditions that would reasonably be expected to
     form the basis for any claim by a person to exclude or prevent the Company
     or any of its Subsidiaries from freely using its Intellectual Property
     Rights and that individually or in the aggregate would reasonably be
     expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

            (iii) All patents required to be listed in Section 3.01(p)(i) of the
     Company Disclosure Schedule that are owned by the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries have been duly registered and/or filed with or issued by each
     appropriate Governmental Entity, all necessary affidavits of continuing use
     have been timely filed, and all necessary maintenance fees have been timely
     paid to continue all such rights in effect, other than failures to be duly
     registered, filed, issued or paid which individually or in the aggregate
     have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
     Adverse Effect. None of the patents required to be listed in Section
     3.01(p)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule that are owned by the Company
     or any of its Subsidiaries has expired or been declared invalid, in whole
     or in part, by any Governmental Entity, other than such expirations or
     declarations of invalidity which individually or in the aggregate have not
     had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
     There are no ongoing interferences, oppositions, reissues, reexaminations
     or other proceedings challenging any of the patents or patent applications
     required to be listed in Section 3.01(p)(i) of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule and owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or, to the
     Company's Knowledge, challenging any such patents or patent applications
     licensed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), including ex parte and
     post-grant proceedings, in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or
     in any foreign patent office or similar administrative agency, other than
     such interferences, oppositions, reissues, reexaminations or proceedings
     that individually or in the aggregate have not had and would not reasonably
     be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

            (iv) Except as has not had and would not reasonably be expected to
     have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries have used
     commercially reasonable efforts to maintain their material trade secrets in
     confidence.

<PAGE>
                                                                             25


            (q) Voting Requirements. The affirmative vote of holders of a
     majority of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock at the
     Shareholders' Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof to
     approve this Agreement (the "Shareholder Approval") is the only vote of
     the holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Company
     necessary to approve this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by
     this Agreement.

            (r) State Takeover Laws; Company Articles Provisions. The Board of
     Directors of the Company has unanimously adopted, by all directors
     present, this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement and the consummation
     of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
     and such adoption represents all the actions necessary to render
     inapplicable to this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement, the restrictions (i) on "business
     combinations" (as defined in Section 23-1-43-5 of the IBCL) set forth in
     Section 23-1-43-18 of the IBCL and (ii) on the actions or transactions set
     forth in Paragraph 6 of the Company Articles ("Paragraph 6"), in each case
     to the extent, if any, such restrictions would otherwise be applicable to
     this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement. For purposes of Paragraph 6, the approval of the Board of
     Directors of the Company referred to in the immediately preceding sentence
     constitutes the approval of the Merger and the other transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement by the "Continuing Directors" (as defined
     in Paragraph 6) pursuant to clause (c) of Paragraph 6. No other similar
     provision of the Company Articles or the Company By-laws or, to the
     Knowledge of the Company, other state takeover Law or similar Law applies
     or purports to apply to this Agreement, the Merger or the other
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

            (s) Brokers and Other Advisors. No broker, investment banker,
     financial advisor or other person (other than J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.
     and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated), the fees and expenses of which
     will be paid by the Company, is entitled to any broker's, finder's,
     financial advisor's or other similar fee or commission in connection with
     the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements
     made by or on behalf of the Company. The Company has delivered to Parent
     complete and accurate copies of all Contracts under which any such fees or
     expenses are payable and all indemnification and other Contracts related
     to the engagement of the persons to whom such fees are payable.

            (t) Opinion of Financial Advisors. The Company has received the
     opinions of each of J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. and Morgan Stanley & Co.
     Incorporated, in each case dated the date hereof, to the effect that, as
     of such date, the Merger Consideration is fair, from a financial point of
     view, to the holders of shares of Company Common Stock, a signed copy of
     which opinion has been, or will promptly be, delivered to Parent.

            (u) Regulatory Compliance. (i) As to each product subject to the
     FDCA or similar Legal Provisions in any foreign jurisdiction that are
     developed, manufactured, tested, distributed and/or marketed by the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries (a "Medical Device"), each such Medical
     Device is being developed, manufactured, tested, distributed and/or
     marketed in compliance with all applicable requirements under the FDCA and
<PAGE>

                                                                             26


     similar Legal Provisions, including those relating to investigational use,
     premarket clearance or marketing approval to market a Medical Device, good
     manufacturing practices, labeling, advertising, record keeping, filing of
     reports and security, and in compliance with the Advanced Medical
     Technology Association Code of Ethics on Interactions with Healthcare
     Professionals and the American Medical Association's guidelines on gifts
     to physicians, except for failures in compliance that individually or in
     the aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a
     Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
     has received any notice or other communication from the Federal Food and
     Drug Administration (the "FDA") or any other Governmental Entity (A)
     contesting the premarket clearance or approval of, the uses of or the
     labeling and promotion of any products of the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries or (B) otherwise alleging any violation applicable to any
     Medical Device of any Legal Provision, in the case of (A) and (B), that
     individually or in the aggregate have had or would reasonably be expected
     to have a Material Adverse Effect.

            (ii) No Medical Device is under consideration by senior management
     of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for, or has been recalled,
     withdrawn, suspended, seized or discontinued (other than for commercial or
     other business reasons) by, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the
     United States or outside the United States (whether voluntarily or
     otherwise), in each case since January 1, 2002. No proceedings in the
     United States or outside of the United States of which the Company has
     Knowledge (whether completed or pending) seeking the recall, withdrawal,
     suspension, seizure or discontinuance of any Medical Device are pending
     against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any licensee of any
     Medical Device which individually or in the aggregate have had or would
     reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

            (iii) As to each Medical Device of the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries for which a premarket approval application, premarket
     notification, investigational device exemption or similar state or foreign
     regulatory application has been approved, the Company and its Subsidiaries
     are in compliance with 21 U.S.C. ss.ss. 360 and 360e or 21 C.F.R. Parts
     812 or 814, respectively, and all similar Legal Provisions and all terms
     and conditions of such licenses or applications, except for any such
     failure or failures to be in compliance which individually or in the
     aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a
     Material Adverse Effect. In addition, the Company and its Subsidiaries are
     in substantial compliance with all applicable registration and listing
     requirements set forth in 21 U.S.C. ss. 360 and 21 C.F.R. Part 807 and all
     similar Legal Provisions, except for any such failures to be in compliance
     which individually or in the aggregate have not had and would not
     reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

            (iv) No article of any Medical Device manufactured and/or
     distributed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is (A) adulterated
     within the meaning of 21 U.S.C. ss. 351 (or similar Legal Provisions), (B)
     misbranded within the meaning of 21 U.S.C. ss. 352 (or similar Legal
     Provisions) or (C) a product that is in violation of 21 U.S.C. ss. 360 or
     ss. 360e (or similar Legal Provisions), except for failures to be in
     compliance with the foregoing that individually or in the aggregate have
     not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
     Effect.
<PAGE>
                                                                             27


            (v) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the
     Knowledge of the Company, any officer, employee or agent of the Company or
     any of its Subsidiaries, has made an untrue statement of a material fact
     or fraudulent statement to the FDA or any other Governmental Entity,
     failed to disclose a material fact required to be disclosed to the FDA or
     any other Governmental Entity, or committed an act, made a statement, or
     failed to make a statement that, at the time such disclosure was made,
     could reasonably be expected to provide a basis for the FDA or any other
     Governmental Entity to invoke its policy respecting "Fraud, Untrue
     Statements of Material Facts, Bribery, and Illegal Gratuities", set forth
     in 56 Fed. Reg. 46191 (September 10, 1991) or any similar policy. Neither
     the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the Knowledge of the
     Company, any officer, employee or agent of the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries, has been convicted of any crime or engaged in any conduct
     for which debarment is mandated by 21 U.S.C. ss. 335a(a) or any similar
     Legal Provision or authorized by 21 U.S.C. ss. 335a(b) or any similar
     Legal Provision. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to
     the Knowledge of the Company, any officer, employee or agent of the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has been convicted of any crime or
     engaged in any conduct for which such person or entity could be excluded
     from participating in the federal health care programs under Section 1128
     of the Social Security Act of 1935, as amended (the "Social Security Act")
     or any similar Legal Provision.

            (vi) Since January 1, 2002, neither the Company nor any of its
     Subsidiaries has received any written notice that the FDA or any other
     Governmental Entity has (a) commenced, or threatened to initiate, any
     action to withdraw its approval or request the recall of any Medical
     Device, (b) commenced, or threatened to initiate, any action to enjoin
     production of any Medical Device or (c) commenced, or threatened to
     initiate, any action to enjoin the production of any medical device
     produced at any facility where any Medical Device is manufactured, tested
     or packaged, except for any such action that individually or in the
     aggregate has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a
     Material Adverse Effect.

            (vii) To the Knowledge of the Company, there are no facts,
     circumstances or conditions that would reasonably be expected to form the
     basis for any investigation, suit, claim, action or proceeding against or
     affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries relating to or arising
     under (a) the FDCA or (b) the Social Security Act or regulations of the
     Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human
     Services, in each case individually or in the aggregate that has had or
     would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

            (v) Rights Agreement. The Company has taken all actions necessary
     to cause the Rights Agreement dated as of December 15, 2004, between the
     Company and EquiServe Trust Company, as rights agent (the "Rights
     Agreement"), to (i) render the Rights Agreement inapplicable to this
     Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement, (ii) ensure that (x) none of Parent, Sub or any other
     Subsidiary of Parent is an Acquiring Person (as defined in the Rights
     Agreement) pursuant to the Rights Agreement, (y) a Distribution Date or a
     Stock Acquisition Date (as such terms are defined in the Rights
     Agreement) does not occur and (z) the rights (the "Company Rights") to
     purchase Company Series A Preferred Stock issued under the

<PAGE>
                                                                            28


     Rights Agreement do not become exercisable, in the case of clauses (x),
     (y) and (z), solely by reason of the execution of this Agreement or the
     consummation of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement and (iii) provide that the Expiration Date (as defined in the
     Rights Agreement) shall occur immediately prior to the Effective Time.

         SECTION 3.02. Representations and Warranties of Parent and Sub. Except
as disclosed in the Parent SEC Documents filed by Parent and publicly available
prior to the date of this Agreement ("Filed Parent SEC Documents"), Parent and
Sub represent and warrant to the Company as follows:

            (a) Organization, Standing and Corporate Power. Each of Parent and
     Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
     standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated
     and has all requisite corporate power and authority and possesses all
     governmental licenses, permits, authorizations and approvals necessary to
     enable it to use its corporate or other name and to own, lease or
     otherwise hold and operate its properties and other assets and to carry
     on its business as now being conducted, except whether the failure to
     have such governmental licenses, permits, authorizations and approvals
     individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not reasonably be
     expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. Each of Parent and Sub
     is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is in good standing
     (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize that concept) in each
     jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the ownership,
     leasing or operation of its properties makes such qualification,
     licensing or good standing necessary, other than in such jurisdictions
     where the failure to be so qualified, licensed or in good standing
     individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not reasonably be
     expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. Parent has made
     available to the Company complete and accurate copies of its Restated
     Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws, the Articles of Incorporation
     of Sub (the "Sub Articles") and the By-laws of Sub, in each case as
     amended to the date hereof.

            (b) Authority; Noncontravention. Each of Parent and Sub has all
     requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this
     Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and
     Sub and the consummation by Parent and Sub of the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by all
     necessary corporate action on the part of Parent and Sub and no other
     corporate proceedings on the part of Parent or Sub are necessary to
     authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated
     by this Agreement. This Agreement and the transactions contemplated by
     this Agreement do not require approval of the holders of any shares of
     capital stock of Parent. This Agreement has been duly executed and
     delivered by each of Parent and Sub and, assuming the due authorization,
     execution and delivery by the Company, constitutes a legal, valid and
     binding obligation of Parent and Sub, as applicable, enforceable against
     Parent and Sub, as applicable, in accordance with its terms, subject to
     bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, moratorium, reorganization
     or similar Laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and the
     availability of equitable remedies (regardless of whether such
     enforceability is considered in a proceeding at equity or at law). The
     execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Sub do

<PAGE>
                                                                            29


     not, and the consummation by Parent and Sub of the Merger and the
     other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and compliance by
     Parent and Sub with the provisions of this Agreement will not, conflict
     with, or result in any violation or breach of, or default (with or
     without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right
     of, or result in, termination, cancelation or acceleration of any
     obligation or to the loss of a benefit under, or result in the creation
     of any Lien in or upon any of the properties or other assets of Parent or
     Sub under (x) the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws of
     Parent, the Sub Articles or the By-laws of Sub, (y) any Contract to which
     Parent or Sub is a party or any of their respective properties or other
     assets is subject or (z) subject to the governmental filings and other
     matters referred to in the following sentence, any Legal Provision
     applicable to Parent or Sub or their respective properties or other
     assets, other than, in the case of clauses (y) and (z), any such
     conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults, rights of termination,
     cancelation or acceleration, losses or Liens that individually or in the
     aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be expected to (1) have a
     Parent Material Adverse Effect, (2) impair in any material respect the
     ability of Parent or Sub to perform its respective obligations under this
     Agreement or (3) prevent or materially impede, interfere with, hinder or
     delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement. No consent, approval, order or authorization of, action by or
     in respect of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any
     Governmental Entity is required by or with respect to Parent or Sub in
     connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent
     and Sub or the consummation by Parent and Sub of the Merger or the other
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except for (1) (A) the
     filing of a premerger notification and report form by Parent under the
     HSR Act and the termination of the waiting period required thereunder,
     (B) all required notifications and filings by Parent under Article 4 of
     the EC Merger Regulation and the receipt of a decision under Article
     6(1)(b), 8(1) or 8(2) thereunder declaring the Merger compatible with the
     EC Common Market and (C) the receipt, termination or expiration, as
     applicable, of approvals or waiting periods required under any other
     applicable competition, merger control, antitrust or similar Law, (2) the
     filing with the SEC of (X) the Form S-4 and (Y) such reports under the
     Exchange Act as may be required in connection with this Agreement and the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (3) the filing of the
     Articles of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Indiana,
     (4) any filings with and approvals of the NYSE and (5) such other
     consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, actions, registrations,
     declarations and filings the failure of which to be obtained or made
     individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not reasonably be
     expected to (x) have a Parent Material Adverse Effect, (y) impair in any
     material respect the ability of Parent or Sub to perform its respective
     obligations under this Agreement or (z) prevent or materially impede,
     interfere with, hinder or delay the consummation of the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement.

            (c) Parent SEC Documents. Parent has filed all reports,
     schedules, forms, statements and other documents (including exhibits
     and other information incorporated therein) with the SEC required to
     be filed by Parent since January 1, 2003 (such documents, together
     with any documents filed during such period by Parent with the SEC on
     a voluntary basis on Current Reports on Form 8-K, the "Parent SEC
     Documents"). As of their respective filing dates, the Parent SEC
     Documents complied in all material respects with, to the extent in
     effect at the time of filing, the requirements of the

<PAGE>
                                                                           30


     Securities Act, the Exchange Act and SOX applicable to such Parent SEC
     Documents, and none of the Parent SEC Documents contained any untrue
     statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact
     required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
     statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
     made, not misleading. Except to the extent that information contained in
     any Parent SEC Document has been revised, amended, supplemented or
     superseded by a later-filed Parent SEC Document, none of the Parent SEC
     Documents contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to
     state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
     order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
     under which they were made, not misleading, which individually or in the
     aggregate would require an amendment, supplement or corrective filing to
     such Parent SEC Documents. Each of the financial statements (including
     the related notes) of Parent included in the Parent SEC Documents
     complied at the time it was filed as to form in all material respects
     with the applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and
     regulations of the SEC with respect thereto in effect at the time of
     filing, had been prepared in accordance with GAAP (except, in the case
     of unaudited statements, as permitted by the rules and regulations of
     the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved
     (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly presented
     in all material respects the consolidated financial position of Parent
     and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the
     consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods
     then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal
     year-end audit adjustments). Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries
     has any liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether accrued,
     absolute, contingent or otherwise) which individually or in the
     aggregate have had or would reasonably be expected to have a Parent
     Material Adverse Effect.

            (d) Information Supplied. None of the information supplied or to be
     supplied by or on behalf of Parent or Sub specifically for inclusion or
     incorporation by reference in (i) the Form S-4 will, at the time the Form
     S-4 is filed with the SEC and at the time it becomes effective under the
     Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
     state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
     the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are
     made, not misleading, or (ii) the Proxy Statement will, at the date it is
     first mailed to the shareholders of the Company and at the time of the
     Shareholders' Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
     omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
     in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
     under which they are made, not misleading, except that no representation
     or warranty is made by Parent or Sub with respect to statements made or
     incorporated by reference therein based on information supplied by or on
     behalf of the Company specifically for inclusion or incorporation by
     reference in the Form S-4 or the Proxy Statement. The Form S-4 will comply
     as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the
     Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.

            (e) Interim Operations of Sub. Sub was formed solely for the
     purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
     has engaged in no other business activities and has conducted its
     operations only as contemplated hereby.
<PAGE>
                                                                             31


            (f) Capital Resources. As of the Closing, Parent will have funds
     that are sufficient to effect the Closing on the terms contemplated
     hereby.

            (g) Brokers. No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or
     other person, other than Goldman, Sachs & Co., the fees and expenses of
     which will be paid by Parent, is entitled to any broker's, finder's,
     financial advisor's or other similar fee or commission in connection with
     the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements
     made by or on behalf of Parent or Sub.

            (h) Capital Structure. The authorized capital stock of Parent
     consists of 4,320,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock and 2,000,000
     shares of preferred stock, without par value, of Parent ("Parent Preferred
     Stock"). At the close of business on December 13, 2004, (i) 3,119,842,548
     shares of Parent Common Stock were issued and outstanding, (ii)
     149,309,976 shares of Parent Common Stock were held by Parent in its
     treasury, (iii) no shares of Parent Preferred Stock had been designated or
     issued, (iv) 230,213,631 shares of Parent Common Stock were subject to
     outstanding options to purchase shares of Parent Common Stock granted
     under Parent's stock incentive plans and (v) 13,980,932 shares of Parent
     Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon conversion of the 3% Zero
     Coupon Convertible Subordinated Debentures of Alza Corporation, a Delaware
     corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("Alza"), and the 5.25%
     Zero Coupon Convertible Subordinated Debentures of Alza. Except as set
     forth above in this Section 3.02(h), at the close of business on December
     13, 2004, there were not issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding (A)
     any shares of capital stock or other voting securities of Parent, (B) any
     securities of Parent convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for
     shares of capital stock or voting securities of Parent or (C) any
     warrants, calls, options or other rights to acquire from Parent, or any
     obligation of Parent to issue, any shares of capital stock, voting
     securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable
     for capital stock or voting securities of Parent. Except as set forth
     above in this Section 3.02(h), at the close of business on December 13,
     2004, no bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of Parent having
     the right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities
     having the right to vote) on any matters on which the shareholders of
     Parent may vote are issued or outstanding. The authorized capital stock of
     Sub consists of 1,000 shares of common stock, without par value, of which
     1,000 shares are issued and outstanding, all of which shares are
     beneficially owned by Parent.

            (i) Absence of Changes. Except for liabilities incurred in
     connection with this Agreement, since the date of the most recent
     financial statements included in the Filed Parent SEC Documents, there has
     not been any Parent Material Adverse Change.

            (j) Litigation. There is no suit, action or proceeding pending or,
     to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened against or affecting Parent or any
     of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets that individually or
     in the aggregate has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Parent
     Material Adverse Effect, nor is there any Order of any Governmental Entity
     or arbitrator outstanding against, or, to the Knowledge of Parent,
     investigation by any Governmental Entity involving, Parent or any of its
<PAGE>
                                                                             32


     Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets that individually or in the
     aggregate has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Parent
     Material Adverse Effect.

            (k) Intellectual Property Rights. Each of Parent and its
     Subsidiaries owns or has the right to use all intellectual property rights
     which are material to the conduct of the business of Parent and its
     Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in each case (i) with respect to such
     intellectual property rights that are owned by Parent or any of its
     Subsidiaries, free and clear of all Liens and (ii) with respect to such
     intellectual property rights that are licensed by Parent or any of its
     Subsidiaries, to the Knowledge of Parent, free and clear of all Liens,
     except where the failure to so own or have such right to use such
     intellectual property rights individually or in the aggregate has not had
     and would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse
     Effect. Neither the manufacture, marketing, license, sale or use by Parent
     or any of its Subsidiaries of any product violates any license or
     agreement between Parent or any of its Subsidiaries and any other person
     and there is no pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened claim
     or litigation contesting the validity, ownership or right to use, sell,
     license or dispose of any such intellectual property rights relating to
     any product or asserting that the proposed use, sale, license or
     disposition thereof, or the manufacture, use or sale of any product by
     Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, conflicts with the rights of any other
     person, in each case which, individually or in the aggregate, has had or
     would reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

            (l) Regulatory Compliance. To the Knowledge of Parent, the testing,
     manufacture, storage, distribution, use, promotion and sale of products of
     Parent or any of its Subsidiaries by Parent, such Subsidiary and their
     respective contractors have been performed and is performed in compliance
     with all applicable requirements under the FDCA and similar Legal
     Provisions, including those relating to investigational use, premarket
     clearance, good manufacturing practices, labeling, advertising, record
     keeping, filing of reports and security, except for such instances of
     noncompliance or possible noncompliance that individually or in the
     aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a
     Parent Material Adverse Effect. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries
     has received any adverse written notice within the past two years that the
     FDA or any other similar foreign Governmental Entity has commenced, or
     threatened to initiate, any action to withdraw its approval or request the
     recall of any product of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, or commenced,
     or overtly threatened to initiate, any action to enjoin production of any
     such product, except where such action has not had and would not
     reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

                                  ARTICLE IV

           Covenants Relating to Conduct of Business; No Solicitation
           ----------------------------------------------------------

         SECTION 4.01. Conduct of Business. (a) Conduct of Business by the
Company. During the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective
Time, except as set forth in Section 4.01(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule or as consented to in writing in advance by Parent or as otherwise
permitted or required by this Agreement, the Company shall, and shall

<PAGE>
                                                                             33


cause each of its Subsidiaries to, carry on its business in the ordinary
course consistent with past practice prior to the Closing and, to the extent
consistent therewith, use all commercially reasonable efforts to preserve
intact its current business organizations, keep available the services of its
current officers, employees and consultants and preserve its relationships
with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others
having business dealings with it. In addition to and without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, during the period from the date of this
Agreement to the Effective Time, except as otherwise set forth in Section
4.01(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or as otherwise permitted or
required pursuant to this Agreement, the Company shall not, and shall not
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, without Parent's prior written consent:

             (i) (x) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any
     other distributions (whether in cash, stock or property) in respect of,
     any of its capital stock, other than (1) cash dividends payable by the
     Company in respect of shares of Company Common Stock consistent with
     past practice and not exceeding $0.10 per share of Company Common Stock
     per fiscal quarter, (2) dividends and distributions in connection with
     the Rights Agreement and (3) dividends or distributions by a direct or
     indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company to its shareholders, (y)
     split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or issue or
     authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of
     or in substitution for shares of its capital stock or (z) purchase,
     redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock or any other
     securities thereof or any rights, warrants or options to acquire any
     such shares or other securities, except for purchases, redemptions or
     other acquisitions of capital stock or other securities (1) required by
     the terms of the Company Stock Plans or the ESPP or (2) required by the
     terms of any plans, arrangements or Contracts existing on the date
     hereof between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any director
     or employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (to the extent
     complete and accurate copies of which have been heretofore delivered to
     Parent);

             (ii) issue, deliver, sell, grant, pledge or otherwise encumber
     or subject to any Lien any shares of its capital stock, any other voting
     securities or any securities convertible into, or any rights, warrants
     or options to acquire, any such shares, voting securities or convertible
     securities, or any "phantom" stock, "phantom" stock rights, stock
     appreciation rights or stock based performance units, including pursuant
     to Contracts as in effect on the date hereof (other than (x) the
     issuance of shares of Company Common Stock upon the exercise of Company
     Stock Options or in connection with Company Stock Based Awards, in each
     case in accordance with their terms on the date hereof, and (y) the
     issuance of Company Rights and shares of the Company's capital stock
     pursuant to the Company Rights or the Rights Agreement);

             (iii) amend (x) the Company Articles or the Company By-laws or
     other comparable charter or organizational documents of any of the
     Company's Subsidiaries or (y) the Indenture dated as of January 18, 1996
     between the Company and Citibank, N.A., with respect to the 6.15% Senior
     Unsecured Notes due February 15, 2006 of the Company (the "Company
     Notes"), in each case except as may be required by applicable Law or the
     rules and regulations of the SEC or the NYSE;
<PAGE>
                                                                           34


             (iv) directly or indirectly acquire (x) by merging or
     consolidating with, by purchasing a substantial portion of the assets
     of, by making an investment in or capital contribution to, or by any
     other manner, any person or division, business or equity interest of any
     person or (y) any asset or assets, except for (1) capital expenditures,
     which shall be subject to the limitations of clause (vii) below, (2)
     purchases of components, raw materials or supplies in the ordinary
     course of business consistent with past practice and (3) acquisitions of
     material intellectual property rights in respect of cross-licenses
     permitted in connection with the discharge, settlement or satisfaction
     of claims and litigation under clause (viii) below;

             (v) (x) sell, lease, license, mortgage, sell and leaseback or
     otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien or otherwise dispose of any of
     its material properties or other material assets or any interests
     therein (including securitizations), except for (1) sales of inventory
     and used equipment in the ordinary course of business consistent with
     past practice and (2) licenses of Intellectual Property Rights permitted
     in connection with the discharge, settlement or satisfaction of claims
     and litigation under clause (viii) below, or (y) enter into, modify or
     amend any lease of material property, except for modifications or
     amendments that are not materially adverse to the Company and its
     Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

             (vi) (x) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee
     any such indebtedness of another person, issue or sell any debt
     securities or calls, options, warrants or other rights to acquire any
     debt securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, guarantee any
     debt securities of another person, enter into any "keep well" or other
     Contract to maintain any financial statement condition of another person
     or enter into any arrangement having the economic effect of any of the
     foregoing (other than short-term borrowings in the ordinary course of
     business consistent with past practice under the Company's commercial
     paper program, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $800,000,000 at any
     time outstanding) or (y) make any loans or advances to any other person,
     other than to employees in respect of travel expenses in the ordinary
     course of business consistent with past practice, which would result in
     the aggregate principal amount of all of the outstanding foregoing loans
     and advances of the Company and its Subsidiaries exceeding $25,000,000;

             (vii) make any new capital expenditure or expenditures exceeding
     the amounts set forth in Section 4.01(a)(vii) of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule;

             (viii) except as required by Law or any judgment by a court of
     competent jurisdiction, (v) pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any
     material claims, liabilities, obligations or litigation (absolute,
     accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than
     the payment, discharge, settlement or satisfaction in the ordinary
     course of business consistent with past practice or in accordance with
     their terms, of liabilities disclosed, reflected or reserved against
     in the most recent audited financial statements (or the notes thereto)
     of the Company included in the Filed Company SEC Documents (for
     amounts not in excess of such reserves) or incurred since the date of
     such financial statements in the ordinary course of business
     consistent with past practice, (w) cancel any material indebtedness,
     (x) waive or assign any claims or rights of material

<PAGE>
                                                                           35


     value, (y) waive any benefits of, or agree to modify in any
     respect, or, subject to the terms hereof, knowingly fail to enforce, or
     consent to any matter with respect to which consent is required under,
     any standstill or similar Contract to which the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries is a party or (z) waive any material benefits of, or agree
     to modify in any material respect, or, subject to the terms hereof,
     knowingly fail to enforce in any material respect, or consent to any
     matter with respect to which consent is required under, any material
     confidentiality or similar Contract to which the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries is a party;

             (ix) enter into (1) any material Contract that would be of a
     type referred to in Section 3.01(i)(2)(A) or (2) any other material
     Contract that would be of a type referred to in Section 3.01(i)(2)(B) or
     (C) and, in the case of this clause (2), that (A) would reasonably be
     expected to impair in any material respect the ability of the Company
     and its Subsidiaries to conduct their business as currently conducted or
     (B) would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on
     the reasonably expected benefits of the Merger to Parent;

             (x) enter into, modify, amend or terminate any Contract or
     waive, release or assign any material rights or claims thereunder,
     which if so entered into, modified, amended, terminated, waived,
     released or assigned would reasonably be expected to (A) have a
     Material Adverse Effect, (B) impair in any material respect the
     ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement
     or (C) prevent or materially impede, interfere with, hinder or delay
     the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

             (xi) enter into any material Contract to the extent
     consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
     compliance by the Company with the provisions of this Agreement could
     reasonably be expected to conflict with, or result in a violation or
     breach of, or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or
     both) under, or give rise to a right of, or result in, termination,
     cancelation or acceleration of any obligation or to the loss of a
     benefit under, or result in the creation of any Lien in or upon any of
     the properties or other assets of the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries under, or require Parent to license or transfer any of
     its Intellectual Property Rights or other material assets under, or
     give rise to any increased, additional, accelerated, or guaranteed
     right or entitlements of any third party under, or result in any
     material alteration of, any provision of such Contract;

             (xii) except as required to ensure that any Company Benefit Plan
     or Company Benefit Agreement is not then out of compliance with applicable
     Law or to comply with any Company Benefit Plan, Company Benefit Agreement
     or other Contract entered into prior to the date hereof (to the extent
     complete and accurate copies of which have been heretofore delivered to
     Parent), (A) adopt, enter into, terminate or amend (I) any collective
     bargaining Contract or Company Benefit Plan or (II) any Company Benefit
     Agreement or other Contract, plan or policy involving the Company or any
     of its Subsidiaries and Key Personnel, (B) increase in any manner the
     compensation, bonus or fringe or other benefits of, or pay any
     discretionary bonus of any kind or amount whatsoever to, any current or
     former director, officer, employee or consultant, except in

<PAGE>
                                                                             36


     the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice to employees
     of the Company or its Subsidiaries other than Key Personnel, (C) grant or
     pay any severance or termination pay, except for severance or termination
     pay granted or paid in the ordinary course of business consistent with
     past practice, to, or increase in any material manner the severance or
     termination pay of, any current or former director, officer, employee or
     consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries other than Key
     Personnel, (D) remove any existing restrictions in any Company Benefit
     Agreements, Company Benefit Plans or awards made thereunder, (E) take any
     action to fund or in any other way secure the payment of compensation or
     benefits under any Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit Agreement, (F)
     take any action to accelerate the vesting or payment of any compensation
     or benefit under any Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit Agreement or
     awards made thereunder or (G) materially change any actuarial or other
     assumption used to calculate funding obligations with respect to any
     Company Pension Plan or change the manner in which contributions to any
     Company Pension Plan are made or the basis on which such contributions are
     determined;

             (xiii) except as required by GAAP, revalue any material assets of
     the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or make any change in accounting
     methods, principles or practices; or

             (xiv) authorize any of, or commit, resolve, propose or agree to
     take any of, the foregoing actions.

             (b) Other Actions. The Company, Parent and Sub shall not, and
     shall not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, take any action
     that could reasonably be expected to result in any of the conditions to
     the Merger set forth in Article VI not being satisfied.

             (c) Advice of Changes; Filings. The Company and Parent shall
     promptly advise the other party orally and in writing if (i) any
     representation or warranty made by it (and, in the case of Parent, made by
     Sub) contained in this Agreement becomes untrue or inaccurate in a manner
     that would result in the failure of the condition set forth in Section
     6.02(a) or Section 6.03(a) or (ii) it (and, in the case of Parent, Sub)
     fails to comply with or satisfy in any material respect any covenant,
     condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it (and, in the
     case of Parent, Sub) under this Agreement; provided, however, that no such
     notification shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants or
     agreements of the parties (or remedies with respect thereto) or the
     conditions to the obligations of the parties under this Agreement. The
     Company and Parent shall, to the extent permitted by Law, promptly provide
     the other with copies of all filings made by such party with any
     Governmental Entity in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement, other than the portions of such filings
     that include confidential or proprietary information not directly related
     to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

             (d) Certain Tax Matters. (i) During the period from the date of
     this Agreement to the Effective Time, the Company shall, and shall cause
     each of its Subsidiaries to (A) timely file all material tax returns
     (taking into account any applicable extensions) required to be filed by or
     on behalf of each such entity ("Post-Signing Returns"); (B) timely pay all
     material taxes due and payable; (C) accrue a reserve in the books and
     records and financial statements of any such entity

<PAGE>
                                                                             37


     in accordance with past practice for all taxes payable but not yet
     due; (D) promptly notify Parent of any material suit, claim, action,
     investigation, audit or similar proceeding (collectively, "Actions")
     pending against or with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
     in respect of any amount of tax and not settle or compromise any tax
     liability in excess of $10 million for individual claims, or $50 million
     in the aggregate, without Parent's prior written consent, which shall not
     be unreasonably withheld; (E) not make any material tax election, other
     than with Parent's prior written consent or other than in the ordinary
     course of business consistent with past practice; and (F) cause all
     existing tax sharing agreements, tax indemnity agreements and similar
     agreements, arrangements or practices to which the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries is or may be a party or by which the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries is or may otherwise be bound to be terminated as of the
     Closing Date so that after such date neither the Company nor any of its
     Subsidiaries shall have any further rights or liabilities thereunder. Any
     tax returns described in this Section 4.01(d) shall be complete and
     correct in all material respects and shall be prepared on a basis
     consistent with the past practice of the Company and in a manner that does
     not distort taxable income, including by deferring income or accelerating
     deductions. The Company shall notify Parent upon the filing of any such
     material tax return and shall make such tax returns available to Parent.

             (ii) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the
     Company shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries incorporated outside the
     United States (a "Non-U.S. Subsidiary") to make a cash distribution to the
     Company or any of the Company's Subsidiaries incorporated in the United
     States in excess of amounts described in Section 965(b)(2)(B) of the Code
     (an "Excess Distribution") except to the extent the Company has provided
     Parent with substantiation, in a form reasonably satisfactory to Parent,
     that the deduction described in Section 965(a) of the Code will apply to
     the entire amount of the Excess Distribution. For purposes of this
     Section, a written opinion of a nationally recognized law firm to the
     effect that the deduction described in Section 965(a) of the Code should
     apply to the entire amount of the Excess Distribution shall be a form of
     substantiation deemed reasonably satisfactory to Parent. Furthermore,
     notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall
     not permit any of its Non-U.S. Subsidiaries to increase its indebtedness
     to any related person as described in Section 965(b)(3) of the Code
     without the prior written consent of Parent, such consent not to be
     unreasonably withheld. For purposes of the preceding sentence,
     indebtedness of a Non-U.S. Subsidiary to a related person shall include
     indebtedness of a Non-U.S. Subsidiary guaranteed by a related person.

         SECTION 4.02. No Solicitation. (a) The Company shall not, nor shall it
authorize or permit any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
directors, officers or employees or any investment banker, financial advisor,
attorney, accountant or other advisor, agent or representative (collectively,
"Representatives") retained by it or any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or
indirectly through another person, (i) solicit, initiate or knowingly
encourage, or take any other action designed to, or which could reasonably be
expected to, facilitate, any Takeover Proposal or (ii) enter into, continue or
otherwise participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish
to any person any information, or otherwise cooperate in any way with, any
Takeover Proposal. Without limiting the foregoing, it is agreed that any
violation of the restrictions set forth in the preceding sentence by any
Representative of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall be a breach of
this Section 4.02(a) by the Company. The Company shall, and shall cause its
Subsidiaries to, immediately cease and cause to be terminated all

<PAGE>
                                                                             38


existing discussions or negotiations with any person conducted heretofore with
respect to any Takeover Proposal and request the prompt return or destruction
of all confidential information previously furnished. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, at any time prior to obtaining the Shareholder Approval, in response
to a bona fide written Takeover Proposal that the Board of Directors of the
Company reasonably determines (after consultation with outside counsel and a
financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation) constitutes or is
reasonably likely to lead to a Superior Proposal, and which Takeover Proposal
was not solicited after the date hereof and was made after the date hereof and
did not otherwise result from a breach of this Section 4.02(a), the Company
may, subject to compliance with Section 4.02(c), (x) furnish information with
respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries to the person making such Takeover
Proposal (and its Representatives) pursuant to a customary confidentiality
agreement not less restrictive to such person than the confidentiality
provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement, provided that all such information
has previously been provided to Parent or is provided to Parent prior to or
substantially concurrent with the time it is provided to such person, and (y)
participate in discussions or negotiations with the person making such Takeover
Proposal (and its Representatives) regarding such Takeover Proposal.

         The term "Takeover Proposal" means any inquiry, proposal or offer from
any person relating to, or that could reasonably be expected to lead to, any
direct or indirect acquisition or purchase, in one transaction or a series of
transactions, of assets (including equity securities of any Subsidiary of the
Company) or businesses that constitute 15% or more of the revenues, net income
or assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or 15% or more
of any class of equity securities of the Company, any tender offer or exchange
offer that if consummated would result in any person beneficially owning 15% or
more of any class of equity securities of the Company, or any merger,
consolidation, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation,
dissolution, joint venture, binding share exchange or similar transaction
involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which any person
or the shareholders of any person would own 15% or more of any class of equity
securities of the Company or of any resulting parent company of the Company, in
each case other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

         The term "Superior Proposal" means any bona fide offer made by a third
party that if consummated would result in such person (or its shareholders)
owning, directly or indirectly, more than 80% of the shares of Company Common
Stock then outstanding (or of the shares of the surviving entity in a merger or
the direct or indirect parent of the surviving entity in a merger) or all or
substantially all the assets of the Company, which the Board of Directors of
the Company reasonably determines (after consultation with a financial advisor
of nationally recognized reputation) to be (i) more favorable to the
shareholders of the Company from a financial point of view than the Merger
(taking into account all the terms and conditions of such proposal and this
Agreement (including any changes to the financial terms of this Agreement
proposed by Parent in response to such offer or otherwise)) and (ii) reasonably
capable of being completed, taking into account all financial, legal,
regulatory and other aspects of such proposal.

         (b) Neither the Board of Directors of the Company nor any committee
thereof shall (i) (A) withdraw (or modify in a manner adverse to Parent), or
publicly propose to withdraw (or modify in a manner adverse to Parent), the
adoption or recommendation by such Board of Directors or any such committee
thereof of this Agreement, the Merger or the other

<PAGE>
                                                                             39


transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (B) adopt or recommend, or
propose publicly to adopt or recommend, any Takeover Proposal (any action
described in this clause (i) being referred to as a "Company Adverse
Recommendation Change") or (ii) adopt or recommend, or publicly propose to
adopt or recommend, or allow the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to execute
or enter into, any letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in
principle, merger agreement, acquisition agreement, option agreement, joint
venture agreement, partnership agreement or other similar Contract constituting
or related to, or that is intended to or could reasonably be expected to lead
to, any Takeover Proposal (other than a confidentiality agreement referred to
in Section 4.02(a)) (an "Acquisition Agreement"). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, at any time prior to obtaining the Shareholder Approval and subject
to Section 4.02(c), the Board of Directors of the Company may (x) make a
Company Adverse Recommendation Change if the Board of Directors of the Company
determines in good faith (after consultation with outside counsel and a
financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation) that (A) a Parent
Material Adverse Effect has occurred and (B) as a result thereof such action is
consistent with their fiduciary duties under applicable Laws or (y) in response
to a Takeover Proposal that the Board reasonably determines (after consultation
with outside counsel and a financial advisor of nationally recognized
reputation) constitutes a Superior Proposal and that was unsolicited and made
after the date hereof and that did not otherwise result from a breach of this
Section 4.02, (1) make a Company Adverse Recommendation Change or (2) cause the
Company to terminate this Agreement and concurrently with or after such
termination enter into an Acquisition Agreement; provided, however, that the
Company shall not be entitled to exercise its right to make a Company Adverse
Recommendation Change or terminate this Agreement pursuant to clause (y) until
after the fifth business day following Parent's receipt of written notice (a
"Notice of Superior Proposal") from the Company advising Parent that the Board
of Directors of the Company intends to take such action and specifying the
reasons therefor, including the terms and conditions of any Superior Proposal
that is the basis of the proposed action by the Board of Directors (it being
understood and agreed that any amendment to the financial terms or any other
material term of such Superior Proposal shall require a new Notice of Superior
Proposal and a new five business day period). In determining whether to make a
Company Adverse Recommendation Change or to cause the Company to so terminate
this Agreement, the Board of Directors of the Company shall take into account
any changes to the financial terms of this Agreement proposed by Parent in
response to a Notice of Superior Proposal or otherwise.

         (c) In addition to the obligations of the Company set forth in
paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 4.02, the Company shall promptly advise
Parent orally and in writing (i) of any Takeover Proposal, the material terms
and conditions of any such Takeover Proposal (including any changes thereto)
and the identity of the person making any such Takeover Proposal and (ii) if
the Board of Directors of the Company is considering, or has decided to
consider, whether any change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or
development constitutes a Parent Material Adverse Effect. The Company shall
(x) keep Parent fully informed in all material respects of the status and
details (including any change to the terms thereof) of any Takeover Proposal,
(y) provide to Parent as soon as practicable after receipt or delivery thereof
copies of all correspondence and other written material sent or provided to
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from any person that describes any of
the terms or conditions of any Takeover Proposal and (z) keep Parent fully
informed in all material respects of the status and details of

<PAGE>
                                                                             40


any determination by the Company's Board of Directors with respect to a
potential Parent Material Adverse Effect.

         (d) Nothing contained in this Section 4.02 shall prohibit the Company
from (x) taking and disclosing to its shareholders a position contemplated by
Rule 14e-2(a) under the Exchange Act or making a statement required under Rule
14a-9 under the Exchange Act or (y) making any disclosure to the shareholders
of the Company that is required by applicable Law; provided, however, that in
no event shall the Company or its Board of Directors or any committee thereof
take, or agree or resolve to take, any action prohibited by Section 4.02(b) (it
being understood that any accurate disclosure of factual information to the
shareholders of the Company that is required to be made to such shareholders
under applicable federal securities Laws shall not be considered a modification
prohibited by clause (i)(A) of Section 4.02(b)).

                                   ARTICLE V

                             Additional Agreements
                             ---------------------

         SECTION 5.01. Preparation of the Form S-4 and the Proxy Statement;
Shareholders' Meeting. (a) As promptly as practicable following the date of
this Agreement, the Company and Parent shall prepare and Parent shall file
with the SEC the Form S-4, in which the Proxy Statement will be included as a
prospectus. Each of the Company and Parent shall use its reasonable best
efforts to have the Form S-4 declared effective under the Securities Act as
promptly as practicable after such filing. The Company shall use its
reasonable best efforts to cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to the
shareholders of the Company as promptly as practicable after the Form S-4 is
declared effective under the Securities Act. Parent shall also take any action
(other than qualifying to do business in any jurisdiction in which it is not
now so qualified or filing a general consent to service of process) required
to be taken under any applicable state securities Laws in connection with the
issuance of shares of Parent Common Stock in the Merger, and each of Parent
and the Company shall furnish all information as may be reasonably requested
by the other in connection with any such action and the preparation, filing
and distribution of the Form S-4 and the Proxy Statement. No filing of, or
amendment or supplement to, the Form S-4 will be made by Parent, and no filing
of, or amendment or supplement to, the Proxy Statement will made by the
Company, in each case without providing the other party a reasonable
opportunity to review and comment thereon. If at any time prior to the
Effective Time any information relating to the Company or Parent, or any of
their respective Affiliates, directors or officers, should be discovered by
the Company or Parent which should be set forth in an amendment or supplement
to either the Form S-4 or the Proxy Statement, so that either such document
would not include any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading, the party which
discovers such information shall promptly notify the other parties hereto and
an appropriate amendment or supplement describing such information shall be
promptly filed with the SEC and, to the extent required by Law, disseminated
to the shareholders of the Company. The parties shall notify each other
promptly of the time when the Form S-4 has become effective, of the issuance
of any stop order or suspension of the qualification of the Parent Common
Stock issuable in connection with the Merger for offering or sale in any
jurisdiction, or of the receipt of any comments from the SEC

<PAGE>
                                                                            41


or the staff of the SEC and of any request by the SEC or the staff of the SEC
for amendments or supplements to the Proxy Statement or the Form S-4 or for
additional information and shall supply each other with copies of (i) all
correspondence between it or any of its Representatives, on the one hand, and
the SEC or the staff of the SEC, on the other hand, with respect to the Proxy
Statement, the Form S-4 or the Merger and (ii) all orders of the SEC relating
to the Form S-4.

         (b) The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to, within 120
days following the date of this Agreement, establish a record date for, duly
call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its shareholders (the
"Shareholders' Meeting") solely for the purpose of obtaining the Shareholder
Approval. Subject to Section 4.02, the Company shall, through its Board of
Directors, recommend to its shareholders approval of this Agreement and shall
include such recommendation in the Proxy Statement. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, but subject to the terms of this Agreement, the
Company's obligations pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 5.01(b)
shall not be affected by the commencement, public proposal, public disclosure
or communication to the Company of any Takeover Proposal.

         SECTION 5.02. Access to Information; Confidentiality.

         (a) To the extent permitted by applicable Law, the Company shall
afford to Parent, and to Parent's officers, employees, accountants, counsel,
financial advisors and other Representatives, reasonable access (including
for the purpose of coordinating integration activities and transition
planning with the employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries) during
normal business hours and upon reasonable prior notice to the Company during
the period prior to the Effective Time or the termination of this Agreement
to all its and its Subsidiaries' properties, books, Contracts, commitments,
personnel and records, but only to the extent that such access does not
unreasonably interfere with the business or operations of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, and, during such period, the Company shall furnish promptly to
Parent (a) a copy of each report, schedule, registration statement and other
document filed by it during such period pursuant to the requirements of
Federal or state securities Laws and (b) all other information concerning its
and its Subsidiaries' business, properties and personnel as Parent may
reasonably request; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required
to (or to cause any of its Subsidiaries to) so confer, afford such access or
furnish such copies or other information to the extent that doing so would
result in the loss of attorney-client privilege (provided that the Company
shall use its reasonable best efforts to allow for such access or disclosure
in a manner that does not result in a loss of attorney-client privilege).
Except for disclosures expressly permitted by the terms of the
Confidentiality Agreement dated as of August 4, 2004 between Parent and the
Company (as it may be amended from time to time, the "Confidentiality
Agreement"), Parent shall hold, and shall cause its officers, employees,
accountants, counsel, financial advisors and other Representatives to hold,
all information received from the Company, directly or indirectly, in
confidence in accordance with the Confidentiality Agreement. The
Confidentiality Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement, Parent and the
Company agree that until the earlier of the consummation of this Agreement or
the six month anniversary of the date of the termination of this Agreement,
as applicable, each party and its respective Subsidiaries shall not, without
the other party's prior written consent, directly or indirectly solicit for
employment (other than through advertising in newspapers or periodicals of

<PAGE>
                                                                            42


general circulation or recruiters' searches, in each case not specifically
directed at the other party's employees) any person currently employed by the
other party or any of its Subsidiaries with whom it has contact or who is
identified to such party in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. No investigation pursuant to this Section 5.02 or information
provided or received by any party hereto pursuant to this Agreement will
affect any of the representations or warranties of the parties hereto
contained in this Agreement or the conditions hereunder to the obligations of
the parties hereto.

(b) To the extent permitted by applicable Law, Parent shall afford to the
Company and its Representatives reasonable access to Parent's personnel and
records (i) on a basis consistent with the Company's access to such personnel
and records prior to the date hereof in connection with the Company's due
diligence review of Parent and its Subsidiaries in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby and (ii) to the extent reasonably necessary
for the Company to determine whether the conditions set forth in Section 6.03
are satisfied.

            SECTION 5.03. Reasonable Best Efforts. Upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of the parties agrees to
use its reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions,
and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other
parties in doing, all things necessary to consummate and make effective, in
the most expeditious manner practicable, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including using reasonable best efforts to
accomplish the following: (i) the taking of all acts necessary to cause the
conditions to Closing to be satisfied as promptly as practicable, (ii) the
obtaining of all necessary actions or nonactions, waivers, consents and
approvals from Governmental Entities and the making of all necessary
registrations and filings (including filings with Governmental Entities) and
the taking of all steps as may be necessary to obtain an approval or waiver
from, or to avoid an action or proceeding by, any Governmental Entity, (iii)
the avoidance of each and every impediment under any antitrust, merger
control, competition or trade regulation Law that may be asserted by any
Governmental Entity with respect to the Merger so as to enable the Closing to
occur as soon as reasonably possible and (iv) the obtaining of all necessary
consents, approvals or waivers from third parties, including any such
consents, approvals or waivers required in connection with any Divestiture. In
connection with and without limiting the foregoing, the Company and Parent
shall (A) duly file with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust
Division of the Department of Justice the notification and report form (the
"HSR Filing") required under the HSR Act and (B) duly make all notifications
and other filings required (i) under the EC Merger Regulation (together with
the HSR Filings, the "Antitrust Filings") or (ii) under any other applicable
competition, merger control, antitrust or similar Law that the Company and
Parent deem advisable or appropriate, in each case with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and as promptly as practicable.
The Antitrust Filings shall be in substantial compliance with the requirements
of the HSR Act, the EC Merger Regulation or other Laws, as applicable. Each
party shall cooperate with the other party to the extent necessary to assist
the other party in the preparation of its Antitrust Filings and, if requested,
to promptly amend or furnish additional information thereunder. Each party
shall use its reasonable best efforts to furnish to each other all information
required for any filing, form, declaration, notification, registration and
notice, other than confidential or proprietary information not directly
related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and to keep the
other party reasonably informed with respect to the status of each clearance,
approval or waiver sought from a Governmental Entity in

<PAGE>
                                                                           43


connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
material communications between such party and such Governmental Entity. Each
party shall consult with the other party, and consider in good faith the
views of the other party, prior to entering into any agreement with any
Antitrust Authority. Neither party shall, nor shall it permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, acquire or agree to acquire any business, person or division
thereof, or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets if the entering
into of a definitive agreement relating to or the consummation of such
acquisition, could reasonably be expected to materially increase the risk of
not obtaining the applicable clearance, approval or waiver from an Antitrust
Authority with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
The Company and its Board of Directors shall (1) use reasonable best efforts
to ensure that no state takeover Law or similar Law is or becomes applicable
to this Agreement, the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and (2) if any state takeover Law or similar Law becomes
applicable to this Agreement, the Merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, use reasonable best efforts to ensure that
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement may be
consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by this
Agreement and otherwise to minimize the effect of such Law on this Agreement,
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement: (a)
with respect to the assets of the cardiac rhythm management businesses of
Parent, the Company and their respective Affiliates, Parent and its
Affiliates shall only be required to agree to Divestitures of such assets
that individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to
have greater than a de minimis adverse effect on the combined cardiac rhythm
management business of Parent, the Company and their respective Affiliates,
taken as a whole; (b) with respect to the assets of the coronary vascular
intervention business of Parent and its Affiliates, Parent and its Affiliates
shall only be required to agree to Divestitures of such assets that
individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to have
greater than a de minimis adverse effect on the drug eluting stent business
of Parent and its Affiliates, taken as a whole; (c) with respect to the
assets of the vascular intervention business of the Company and its
Affiliates, Parent and its Affiliates shall only be required to agree to
Divestitures of such assets that individually or in the aggregate would not
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the combined
vascular intervention business of Parent, the Company and their respective
Affiliates, taken as a whole; (d) none of Parent and its Affiliates shall be
required to agree to any Divestiture of any of their assets except as
provided in clauses (a) and (b) above and (e) if, but only if, directed by
Parent, the Company shall agree to any Divestiture of any of its assets or
the assets of any of its Affiliates if such Divestiture is conditioned on the
consummation of the Merger. For purposes of this Agreement, a "Divestiture"
of any asset shall mean (i) any sale, transfer, license, separate holding,
divestiture or other disposition, or any prohibition of, or any limitation
on, the acquisition, ownership, operation, effective control or exercise of
full rights of ownership, of such asset or (ii) the termination or amendment
of any existing relationships and contractual rights. It is agreed and
understood that, for purposes of this Agreement, a Divestiture of a business
unit, product line or development program may include (x) the transfer of any
and all assets primarily relating to that business unit or to the research,
development, manufacture, marketing or sale of that product line or
development program and (y) licensing or otherwise making available assets
that are related, but not primarily, to that business unit, product line or
development program; provided that Parent, the Company or their Affiliates
will be entitled to a license back or otherwise having made available
transferred assets to the extent that such assets

<PAGE>
                                                                            44


otherwise relate to other retained businesses, product lines or
development programs of Parent, the Company or any of their respective
Affiliates. It is understood and agreed by the parties that, for purposes of
this Agreement, the effect of any Divestiture required to be made pursuant to
this Section 5.03 shall not, directly or indirectly, be deemed to result in a
breach of the representations and warranties set forth herein.

         SECTION 5.04. Company Stock Options; ESPP. (a) As soon as practicable
following the date of this Agreement, the Board of Directors of the Company
(or, if appropriate, any committee thereof administering the Company Stock
Plans) shall adopt such resolutions or take such other actions as may be
required to effect the following:

         (i) each Company Stock Option outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be amended and converted into an option to acquire, on
the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such Company Stock
Option, the number of shares of Parent Common Stock (rounded down to the
nearest whole share) equal to the sum of (x) the product of (A) the number of
shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Stock Option and (B)
the Exchange Ratio and (y) the product of (A) the number of shares of Company
Common Stock subject to such Company Stock Option and (B) the Cash Portion
Option Exchange Multiple, at an exercise price per share of Parent Common
Stock (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to the quotient obtained by
dividing (1) the aggregate exercise price for the shares of Company Common
Stock subject to such Company Stock Option by (2) the aggregate number of
shares of Parent Common Stock to be subject to such Company Stock Option after
giving effect to the adjustments in this clause (i) (each, as so adjusted, an
"Adjusted Option"); and

         (ii) make such other changes to the Company Stock Plans as Parent and
the Company may agree are appropriate to give effect to the Merger.

         (b) As soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement, the
Board of Directors of the Company (or, if appropriate, any committee of the
Board of Directors of the Company administering the ESPP), shall adopt such
resolutions or take such other actions as may be required to provide that with
respect to the ESPP (i) participants may not increase their payroll deductions
or purchase elections from those in effect on the date of this Agreement, (ii)
each participant's outstanding right to purchase shares of Company Common Stock
under the ESPP shall terminate on the day immediately prior to the day on which
the Effective Time occurs, provided that all amounts allocated to each
participant's account under the ESPP as of such date shall thereupon be used to
purchase from the Company whole shares of Company Common Stock at the
applicable price determined under the terms of the ESPP for the then
outstanding offering periods using such date as the final purchase date for
each such offering period, and (iii) the ESPP shall terminate immediately
following such purchases of Company Common Stock.

         (c) The Company shall ensure that following the Effective Time, no
holder of a Company Stock Option (or former holder of a Company Stock Option)
or any participant in any Company Stock Plan, Company Benefit Plan or Company
Benefit Agreement shall have any right thereunder to acquire any capital stock
of the Company or the Surviving Corporation or any other equity interest
therein (including "phantom" stock or stock appreciation rights).
<PAGE>
                                                                             45


         (d) The adjustments provided in Section 5.04(a) with respect to any
Company Stock Option to which Section 421(a) of the Code applies shall be and
are intended to be effected in a manner which is consistent with Section 424(a)
of the Code. As soon as practicable following the Effective Time, Parent shall
deliver to the holders of Adjusted Options appropriate notices setting forth
such holders' rights pursuant to the respective Company Stock Plans and the
Contracts evidencing the grants of such Adjusted Options, which shall provide,
among other things, that such Adjusted Options and Contracts have been assumed
by Parent and shall continue in effect on the same terms and conditions
(subject to the adjustments required by this Section 5.04 after giving effect
to the Merger).

         (e) Except as otherwise contemplated by this Section 5.04 and except
to the extent required under the respective terms of the Adjusted Options, all
restrictions or limitations on transfer and vesting with respect to Adjusted
Options, to the extent that such restrictions or limitations shall not have
already lapsed, and all other terms thereof, shall remain in full force and
effect with respect to such Adjusted Options after giving effect to the Merger
and the assumption by Parent as set forth above.

         (f) As soon as practicable following the Effective Time, Parent shall
prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-8 (or another
appropriate form) registering shares of Parent Common Stock subject to issuance
upon the exercise of the Adjusted Options. The Company shall cooperate with,
and assist Parent in the preparation of, such registration statement. Parent
shall keep such registration statement effective (and to maintain the current
status of the prospectus required thereby) for so long as any Adjusted Options
remain outstanding.

         (g) For purposes of this Agreement, "Cash Portion Option Exchange
Multiple" means the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the Cash Portion by (y)
the Average Parent Stock Price.

         (h) Prior to the Effective Time, each of Parent and the Company shall
use reasonable best efforts to cause any dispositions of Company Common Stock
(including derivative securities with respect to Company Common Stock) or
acquisitions of Parent Common Stock (including derivative securities with
respect to Parent Common Stock) resulting from the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement by each individual who is subject to the reporting requirements
of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to the Company to be exempt
under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, such efforts to include
all steps required be taken in accordance with the No-Action Letter dated
January 12, 1999, issued by the SEC to Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom
LLP.

         SECTION 5.05. Indemnification, Exculpation and Insurance. (a) Parent
shall cause the Surviving Corporation to assume the obligations with respect
to all rights to indemnification and exculpation from liabilities, including
advancement of expenses, for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the
Effective Time now existing in favor of the current or former directors or
officers of the Company as provided in the Company Articles, the Company
By-laws or any indemnification Contract between such directors or officers
and the Company (in each case, as in effect on the date hereof), without
further action, as of the Effective Time and

<PAGE>
                                      46


such obligations shall survive the Merger and shall continue in full force and
effect in accordance with their terms.

         (b) In the event that the Surviving Corporation or any of its
successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other person and
is not the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation
or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its
properties and other assets to any person, then, and in each such case, Parent
shall cause proper provision to be made so that the successors and assigns of
the Surviving Corporation shall expressly assume the obligations set forth in
this Section 5.05. In the event (A) the Surviving Corporation transfers any
material portion of its assets, in a single transaction or in a series of
transactions or (B) Parent takes any action to materially impair the financial
ability of the Surviving Corporation to satisfy the obligations referred to in
Section 5.05(a), Parent will either guarantee such obligations or take such
other action to insure that the ability of the Surviving Corporation, legal and
financial, to satisfy such obligations will not be diminished in any material
respect.

         (c) For six years after the Effective Time, Parent shall maintain
(directly or indirectly through the Company's existing insurance programs) in
effect the Company's current directors' and officers' liability insurance in
respect of acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time,
covering each person currently covered by the Company's directors' and
officers' liability insurance policy (a complete and accurate copy of which
has been heretofore delivered to Parent), on terms with respect to such
coverage and amounts no less favorable than those of such policy in effect on
the date hereof; provided, however, that Parent may (i) substitute therefor
policies of Parent containing terms with respect to coverage (including as
coverage relates to deductibles and exclusions) and amounts no less favorable
to such directors and officers or (ii) request that the Company obtain such
extended reporting period coverage under its existing insurance programs (to
be effective as of the Effective Time); provided further, however, that in
satisfying its obligation under this Section 5.05(c), neither the Company nor
Parent shall be obligated to pay more than in the aggregate the amount set
forth in Section 5.05(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule to obtain such
coverage. It is understood and agreed that in the event such coverage cannot
be obtained for such amount or less in the aggregate, Parent shall only be
obligated to provide such coverage as may be obtained for such aggregate
amount.

         (d) The provisions of this Section 5.05 (i) are intended to be for
the benefit of, and will be enforceable by, each indemnified party, his or
her heirs and his or her representatives and (ii) are in addition to, and not
in substitution for, any other rights to indemnification or contribution that
any such person may have by Contract or otherwise.

         SECTION 5.06. Fees and Expenses. (a) Except as provided in
paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) of this Section 5.06, all fees and expenses
incurred in connection with this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be paid by the party
incurring such fees or expenses, whether or not the Merger is consummated,
except that expenses incurred in connection with the printing and mailing of
the Form S-4 and the Proxy Statement shall be shared equally by Parent and
the Company.
<PAGE>
                                                                           47


         (b) In the event that (i) this Agreement is terminated by Parent
pursuant to Section 7.01(e) (other than as a result of a Company Adverse
Recommendation Change following the occurrence of a Parent Material Adverse
Effect), (ii) this Agreement is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section
7.01(f) or (iii) (A) prior to the obtaining of the Shareholder Approval, a
Takeover Proposal shall have been made to the Company or shall have been made
directly to the shareholders of the Company generally or shall have otherwise
become publicly known or any person shall have publicly announced an
intention (whether or not conditional) to make a Takeover Proposal, (B)
thereafter this Agreement is terminated by either Parent or the Company
pursuant to Section 7.01(b)(i) (but only if a vote to obtain the Shareholder
Approval or the Shareholders' Meeting has not been held) or Section
7.01(b)(iii) and (C) within 12 months after such termination, the Company
enters into a definitive Contract to consummate, or consummates, the
transactions contemplated by any Takeover Proposal, then the Company shall
pay Parent a fee equal to $750,000,000 (the "Parent Termination Fee") by wire
transfer of same-day funds on the first business day following (x) in the
case of a payment required by clause (i) or (ii) above, the date of
termination of this Agreement and (y) in the case of a payment required by
clause (iii) above, the date of the first to occur of the events referred to
in clause (iii)(C). For purposes of clause (iii)(C) of the immediately
preceding sentence only, the term "Takeover Proposal" shall have the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 4.02(a) except that all references to "15%"
therein shall be deemed to be references to "35%".

         (c) In the event that (i) this Agreement is terminated pursuant to
Section 7.01(b)(i), 7.01(b)(ii) or 7.01(c)(ii) and (ii) at the time of any
such termination all of the conditions set forth in Article VI have been
satisfied or waived except for any of the conditions set forth in Section
6.01(b), 6.01(c), 6.01(d), 6.02(c) or 6.02(d) (in the case of Sections
6.01(d), 6.02(c) and 6.02(d), only to the extent that the conditions set
forth therein have not been satisfied due to a suit, action or proceeding by
any national Governmental Entity or the imposition of a Restraint, in either
case relating to competition, merger control, antitrust or similar Laws),
then Parent shall pay to the Company a fee equal to $700 million (the
"Company Termination Fee") by wire transfer of same-day funds on the first
business day following the date of termination of this Agreement.

         (d) The Company and Parent acknowledge and agree that the agreements
contained in Sections 5.06(b) and 5.06(c) are an integral part of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and that, without these
agreements, the Company and Parent would not enter into this Agreement;
accordingly, (i) if the Company fails promptly to pay the amount due pursuant
to Section 5.06(b), and, in order to obtain such payment, Parent commences a
suit that results in a judgment against the Company for the Parent
Termination Fee, the Company shall pay to Parent its costs and expenses
(including attorneys' fees and expenses) in connection with such suit,
together with interest on the amount of the Parent Termination Fee from the
date such payment was required to be made until the date of payment at the
prime rate of Citibank, N.A., in effect on the date such payment was required
to be made.; and (ii) if Parent fails promptly to pay the amount due pursuant
to Section 5.06(c), and, in order to obtain such payment, the Company
commences a suit that results in a judgment against Parent for the Company
Termination Fee, Parent shall pay to the Company its costs and expenses
(including attorneys' fees and expenses) in connection with such suit,
together with interest on the amount of the Company Termination Fee from the
date such payment was required to be made until the date of payment at the
prime rate of Citibank, N.A., in effect on the date such payment was required
to be made.
<PAGE>
                                                                           48


         SECTION 5.07. Public Announcements. Except with respect to any
Company Adverse Recommendation Change made in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement, Parent and the Company shall consult with each other before
issuing, and give each other the opportunity to review and comment upon, any
press release or other public statements with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger, and shall not issue any
such press release or make any such public statement prior to such
consultation, except as such party may reasonably conclude may be required by
applicable Law, court process or by obligations pursuant to any listing
agreement with any national securities exchange or national securities
quotation system. The parties agree that the initial press release to be
issued with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall
be in the form heretofore agreed to by the parties.

         SECTION 5.08. Affiliates. As soon as practicable after the date
hereof, the Company shall deliver to Parent a letter identifying all persons
who at the time this Agreement is submitted for adoption by the shareholders
of the Company may be deemed to be "affiliates" of the Company for purposes
of Rule 145 under the Securities Act. The Company shall use its reasonable
best efforts to cause each such person to deliver to Parent at least 30 days
prior to the Closing Date a written agreement substantially in the form
attached as Exhibit B hereto.

         SECTION 5.09. Stock Exchange Listing. To the extent Parent does not
issue or intend to issue treasury shares in the Merger or to holders of
Adjusted Options that are already listed, Parent shall use its reasonable
best efforts to cause the shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in the
Merger and to holders of Adjusted Options to be promptly approved for listing
on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance, prior to the Closing
Date.

         SECTION 5.10. Shareholder Litigation. The Company shall give Parent
the opportunity to participate in the defense or settlement of any
shareholder litigation against the Company and/or its directors relating to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and no such settlement shall
be agreed to without Parent's prior written consent.

         SECTION 5.11. Employee Matters. (a) (i)For a period of twelve months
following the Effective Time, the employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries
who remain in the employment of the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries
(the "Continuing Employees") shall receive employee benefits that in the
aggregate are substantially comparable to the employee benefits provided to
such employees immediately prior to the Effective Time; (ii) for the six-month
period immediately following the expiration of the twelve-month period
described in the preceding clause (i), the Continuing Employees shall receive
employee benefits that in the aggregate are substantially comparable to either
the employee benefits provided to such employees immediately prior to the
Effective Time or the employee benefits provided to similarly situated
employees of Parent and its Subsidiaries; and (iii) for a period of not less
than eighteen months following the Effective Time, the Continuing Employees
shall receive base salary or wage rates that are not less than those in effect
for such Continuing Employees immediately prior to the Effective Time; provided
that neither Parent nor the Surviving Corporation nor any of their Subsidiaries
shall have any obligation to issue, or adopt any plans or arrangements providing
for the issuance of, shares of capital stock, warrants, options, stock
appreciation rights or other rights in respect of any shares of capital stock
of any entity or any securities convertible or exchangeable into such shares
pursuant to any such plans or arrangements; provided, further, that no plans or

<PAGE>
                                                                             49


arrangements of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries providing for such
issuance shall be taken into account in determining whether employee benefits
are substantially comparable in the aggregate.

         (b) Nothing contained herein shall be construed as requiring, and
the Company shall take no action that would have the effect of requiring,
Parent or the Surviving Corporation to continue any specific employee benefit
plans or to continue the employment of any specific person.

         (c) Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation to recognize the
service of each Continuing Employee as if such service had been performed
with Parent (i) for purposes of vesting (but not benefit accrual) under
Parent's defined benefit pension plan, (ii) for purposes of eligibility for
vacation under Parent's vacation program, (iii) for purposes of eligibility
and participation under any health or welfare plan maintained by Parent
(other than any post-employment health or post-employment welfare plan) ,
(iv) for purposes of eligibility for the company matching contribution under
Parent's 401(k) savings plan (it being understood that each Continuing
Employee who was participating in the Company's 401(k) savings plan
immediately prior to becoming eligible to participate in Parent's 401(k)
savings plan shall be immediately eligible for the company matching
contribution under Parent's 401(k) savings plan) and (v) unless covered under
another arrangement with or of the Company, for benefit accrual purposes
under Parent's severance plan (in the case of each of clauses (i), (ii),
(iii), (iv) and (v), solely to the extent that Parent makes such plan or
program available to employees of the Surviving Corporation, it being
Parent's current intention to do so), but not for purposes of any other
employee benefit plan of Parent.

         (d) With respect to any welfare plan maintained by Parent in which
Continuing Employees are eligible to participate after the Effective Time,
Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, (i) waive all
limitations as to preexisting conditions and exclusions with respect to
participation and coverage requirements applicable to such employees to the
extent such conditions and exclusions were satisfied or did not apply to such
employees under the welfare plans maintained by the Company prior to the
Effective Time and (ii) provide each Continuing Employee with credit for any
co-payments and deductibles paid prior to the Effective Time in satisfying any
analogous deductible or out-of-pocket requirements to the extent applicable
under any such plan.

         (e) Subject to the provisions of Section 5.11(a) through (d), Parent
shall assume all obligations under and honor in accordance with their terms,
and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to honor in accordance with their
terms, the Company Benefit Plans and Company Benefit Agreements listed on
Section 5.11(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule (as modified, if applicable,
as agreed between Parent and individual employees of the Company or its
Subsidiaries). Parent acknowledges and agrees that the Merger will constitute a
"change in control" within the meaning of the Company Benefit Plans and Company
Benefit Agreements which include a definition of such (or substantially
similar) concept, except to the extent otherwise agreed between Parent and
individual employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

         (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 5.11, the
provisions of Section 5.11(a), (c) and (d) shall apply only with respect to
Continuing Employees who are

<PAGE>
                                                                             50


covered under Company Benefit Plans that are maintained primarily for
the benefit of employees employed in the United States (including Continuing
Employees regularly employed outside the United States to the extent they
participate in such Company Benefit Plans). With respect to Continuing
Employees not described in the preceding sentence, Parent shall, and shall
cause the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries to, comply with all
applicable laws, directives and regulations relating to employees and employee
benefits matters applicable to such employees.

         SECTION 5.12. Company Notes. Each of the Company, Parent and Sub shall
take each action required to be taken by such party pursuant to the Indenture
dated as of January 18, 1996, between the Company and Citibank, N.A., with
respect to the Company Notes, as necessary to consummate the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement in compliance therewith.

         SECTION 5.13. Rights Agreement. The Board of Directors of the Company
shall take all further actions (in addition to those referred to in Section
3.01(v)) requested by Parent in order to render the Company Rights inapplicable
to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Except
as provided above with respect to the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, the Board of Directors of the Company shall
not, without the prior written consent of Parent, amend, take any action with
respect to, or make any determination under, the Rights Agreement (including a
redemption of the Company Rights) to facilitate a Takeover Proposal.

                                  ARTICLE VI

                              Conditions Precedent
                              --------------------

         SECTION 6.01. Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the
Merger. The respective obligation of each party to effect the Merger is subject
to the satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by Law) waiver by Parent and
the Company on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:

             (a) Shareholder Approval. The Shareholder Approval shall have been
     obtained.

             (b) NYSE Listing. The shares of Parent Common Stock issuable to
     the shareholders of the Company and to holders of Adjusted Options as
     contemplated by this Agreement shall have been approved for listing on the
     NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance.

             (c) Antitrust. (i) The waiting period (and any extension
     thereof) applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act shall have been
     terminated or shall have expired and (ii) the European Commission shall
     have issued a decision under Article 6(1)(b), 8(1) or 8(2) of the EC
     Merger Regulation (or shall have been deemed to have done so under
     Article 10(6) of the EC Merger Regulation) declaring the Merger
     compatible with the EC Common Market (and/or, as may be the case, any
     national competition authority in the

<PAGE>
                                                                           51


     EC to which all or part of the case may have been transferred shall
     have issued a decision with similar effect or have been deemed to have
     done so).

             (d) No Injunctions or Restraints. No temporary restraining
     order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other judgment or order
     issued by any court or agency of competent jurisdiction or other Law,
     rule, legal restraint or prohibition (collectively, "Restraints") shall
     be in effect preventing the consummation of the Merger.

             (e) Form S-4. The Form S-4 shall have become effective under the
     Securities Act and shall not be the subject of any stop order or
     proceedings seeking a stop order.

         SECTION 6.02. Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Sub. The
obligations of Parent and Sub to effect the Merger are further subject to the
satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by Law) waiver by Parent on or prior
to the Closing Date of the following conditions:

             (a) Representations and Warranties. (i) The representations and
     warranties of the Company contained in Sections 3.01(c), 3.01(d),
     3.01(g)(iv) (but only with respect to current and former directors and
     Tier I Employees), 3.01(i)(2)(A), 3.01(q), 3.01(r) (but not with respect
     to the last sentence thereof) and 3.01(v) of this Agreement that are
     qualified as to materiality or by reference to Material Adverse Effect
     or Material Adverse Change shall be true and correct, and such
     representations and warranties of the Company that are not so qualified
     shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case as of
     the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on
     the Closing Date, except to the extent such representations and
     warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case as of such
     earlier date, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company
     contained in Sections 3.01(i)(2)(B) and (C) shall be true and correct as
     of the date of this Agreement as though made on the Closing Date, except
     to the extent that the facts or matters as to which such representations
     and warranties are not so true and correct as of such date, individually
     or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a material
     adverse effect on the reasonably expected benefits of the Merger to
     Parent and (iii) all other representations and warranties of the Company
     contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the date of
     this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on the Closing
     Date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly
     relate to a specified date, in which case as of such specified date, and
     except further, in the case of this clause (iii), to the extent that the
     facts or matters as to which such representations and warranties are not
     so true and correct as of such dates (without giving effect to any
     qualifications or limitations as to materiality or Material Adverse
     Effect or Material Adverse Change set forth therein), individually or in
     the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have
     a Material Adverse Effect. Parent shall have received a certificate
     signed on behalf of the Company by an executive officer of the Company
     to such effect.

             (b) Performance of Obligations of the Company. The Company shall
     have performed in all material respects all obligations required to be
     performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date,
     and Parent shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of the
     Company by the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer
     of the Company to such effect.
<PAGE>
                                                                           52


             (c) No Litigation. There shall not be pending any suit, action
     or proceeding by any national Governmental Entity (i) seeking to
     restrain or prohibit the consummation of the Merger or any other
     transaction contemplated by this Agreement or seeking to obtain from the
     Company, Parent, Sub or any other Affiliate of Parent any damages that
     are material in relation to the Company, (ii) seeking to impose
     limitations on the ability of Parent or any Affiliate of Parent to hold,
     or exercise full rights of ownership of, any shares of capital stock of
     the Surviving Corporation, including the right to vote such shares on
     all matters properly presented to the shareholders of the Surviving
     Corporation, (iii) seeking to prohibit Parent or any of its Affiliates
     from effectively controlling in any material respect the business or
     operations of the Company or any of its Affiliates, (iv) seeking any
     Divestiture that is not required to be effected pursuant to the terms of
     this Agreement or (v) that has had or would reasonably be expected to
     have a Material Adverse Effect or Parent Material Adverse Effect.

             (d) Restraints. No Restraint that would reasonably be expected
     to result, directly or indirectly, in any of the effects referred to in
     clauses (i) through (v) of paragraph (c) of this Section 6.02 shall be
     in effect.

         SECTION 6.03. Conditions to Obligation of the Company. The
obligation of the Company to effect the Merger is further subject to the
satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by Law) waiver by the Company on or
prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:

             (a) Representations and Warranties. (i) The representations and
     warranties of Parent and Sub contained in Section 3.02(b) of this
     Agreement that are qualified as to materiality or by reference to Parent
     Material Adverse Effect or Parent Material Adverse Change shall be true
     and correct, and such representations and warranties of Parent that are
     not so qualified shall be true and correct in all material respects, in
     each case as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as
     though made on the Closing Date, except to the extent such
     representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in
     which case as of such earlier date and (ii) all other representations
     and warranties of Parent contained in this Agreement shall be true and
     correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as
     though made on the Closing Date, except to the extent such
     representations and warranties expressly relate to a specified date, in
     which case as of such specified date, and except further, in the case of
     this clause (ii), to the extent that the facts or matters as to which
     such representations and warranties are not so true and correct as of
     such dates (without giving effect to any qualifications or limitations
     as to materiality or Parent Material Adverse Effect or Parent Material
     Adverse Change set forth therein), individually or in the aggregate,
     have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent
     Material Adverse Effect. The Company shall have received a certificate
     signed on behalf of Parent by an executive officer of Parent to such
     effect.

             (b) Performance of Obligations of Parent and Sub. Parent and Sub
     shall have performed in all material respects all obligations required
     to be performed by them under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing
     Date, and the Company shall have received a certificate signed on behalf
     of Parent by an executive officer of Parent to such effect.
<PAGE>
                                                                           53


         SECTION 6.04. Frustration of Closing Conditions. None of the
Company, Parent or Sub may rely on the failure of any condition set forth in
Section 6.01, 6.02 or 6.03, as the case may be, to be satisfied if such
failure was caused by such party's failure to act in good faith or to use its
reasonable best efforts to consummate the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, as required by and subject to Section 5.03.

                                 ARTICLE VII

                      Termination, Amendment and Waiver
                      ---------------------------------

         SECTION 7.01. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any
time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after receipt of the
Shareholder Approval:

             (a) by mutual written consent of Parent, Sub and the Company;

             (b) by either Parent or the Company:

                 (i) if the Merger shall not have been consummated on or before
     February 28, 2006; provided, however, that the right to terminate this
     Agreement under this Section 7.01(b)(i) shall not be available to any
     party whose wilful breach of a representation or warranty in this
     Agreement or whose other action or failure to act has been a principal
     cause of or resulted in the failure of the Merger to be consummated on or
     before such date;

                 (ii) if any Restraint having any of the effects set forth in
     Section 6.01(d) shall be in effect and shall have become final and
     nonappealable; or

                 (iii) if the Shareholder Approval shall not have been obtained
     at the Shareholders' Meeting duly convened therefor or at any adjournment
     or postponement thereof;

             (c) by Parent (i) if the Company shall have breached or failed to
     perform any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
     set forth in this Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (A) would
     give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.02(a) or
     6.02(b) and (B) is incapable of being cured by the Company within 30
     calendar days following receipt of written notice of such breach or
     failure to perform from Parent or (ii) if any Restraint having the effects
     referred to in clauses (i) through (v) of Section 6.02(c) shall be in
     effect and shall have become final and nonappealable;

             (d) by the Company, if Parent shall have breached or failed to
     perform any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
     set forth in this Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (A) would
     give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.03(a) or
     6.03(b) and (B) is incapable of being cured by Parent within 30 calendar
     days following receipt of written notice of such breach or failure to
     perform from the Company;
<PAGE>
                                                                             54


             (e) by Parent, in the event that prior to the obtaining of the
     Shareholder Approval (i) a Company Adverse Recommendation Change shall
     have occurred or (ii) the Board of Directors of the Company fails publicly
     to reaffirm its adoption and recommendation of this Agreement, the Merger
     or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement within ten
     business days of receipt of a written request by Parent to provide such
     reaffirmation following a Takeover Proposal; or

             (f) by the Company in accordance with the terms and subject to the
     conditions of Section 4.02(b).

         SECTION 7.02. Effect of Termination. In the event of termination of
this Agreement by either the Company or Parent as provided in Section 7.01,
this Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect, without any
liability or obligation on the part of Parent, Sub or the Company under this
Agreement, other than the provisions of Section 3.01(s) and 3.02(g), the
second, third and fourth sentences of Section 5.02(a), Section 5.06, this
Section 7.02 and Article VIII, which provisions shall survive such termination;
provided, however, that no such termination shall relieve any party hereto from
any liability or damages resulting from the wilful and material breach by a
party of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set
forth in this Agreement.

         SECTION 7.03. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by the parties
hereto at any time before or after receipt of the Shareholder Approval;
provided, however, that after such approval has been obtained, there shall be
made no amendment that by applicable Law requires further approval by the
shareholders of the Company without such approval having been obtained. This
Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on
behalf of each of the parties hereto.

         SECTION 7.04. Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective
Time, the parties may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b) to the extent permitted by
applicable Law, waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties
contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto or (c) subject to
the proviso to the first sentence of Section 7.03 and to the extent permitted
by applicable Law, waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions
contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a party to any such extension or
waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on
behalf of such party. The failure of any party to this Agreement to assert any
of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall not constitute a waiver
of such rights nor shall any single or partial exercise by any party to this
Agreement of any of its rights under this Agreement preclude any other or
further exercise of such rights or any other rights under this Agreement.

         SECTION 7.05. Procedure for Termination or Amendment. A termination of
this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.01 or an amendment of this Agreement
pursuant to Section 7.03 shall, in order to be effective, require, in the case
of Parent or the Company, action by its Board of Directors or, with respect to
any amendment of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.03, the duly authorized
committee of its Board of Directors to the extent permitted by applicable Law.

<PAGE>
                                                                             55


                                 ARTICLE VIII

                               General Provisions
                               ------------------

         SECTION 8.01. Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties. None of
the representations and warranties in this Agreement or in any instrument
delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time. This
Section 8.01 shall not limit any covenant or agreement of the parties which by
its terms contemplates performance after the Effective Time.

         SECTION 8.02. Notices. Except for notices that are specifically
required by the terms of this Agreement to be delivered orally, all notices,
requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, telecopied (which is
confirmed) or sent by overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) to the
parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as
shall be specified by like notice):

         if to Parent or Sub, to:

                           Johnson & Johnson
                           One Johnson & Johnson Plaza
                           New Brunswick, NJ 08933

                           Telecopy No.:  (732) 524-2788

                           Attention:  Office of General Counsel

                           with a copy to:

                           Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP
                           Worldwide Plaza
                           825 Eighth Avenue
                           New York, NY 10019

                           Telecopy No.:  (212) 474-3700

                           Attention:  Robert I. Townsend, III, Esq.

         if to the Company, to:

                           Guidant Corporation
                           111 Monument Circle, 29th Floor
                           Indianapolis, IN 46204
                           Telecopy No.:  (317) 971-2119

                           Attention:  General Counsel
<PAGE>
                                                                             56


                           with a copy to:

                           Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
                           333 West Wacker Drive
                           Chicago, Illinois 60606

                           Telecopy No.:  (312) 407-0411

                           Attention:  Charles W. Mulaney, Jr., Esq.

         SECTION 8.03. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

             (a) an "Affiliate" of any person means another person that
     directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is
     controlled by, or is under common control with, such first person;

             (b) "Knowledge" of any person that is not an individual means,
     with respect to any matter in question, the actual knowledge of such
     person's executive officers after making due inquiry of the current Tier I
     Employees and Tier II Employees having primary responsibility for such
     matter;

             (c) "Material Adverse Change" or "Material Adverse Effect" means
     any change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development which
     individually or in the aggregate would reasonably be expected to result in
     any change or effect, that is materially adverse to the business,
     financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its
     Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided, that none of the following shall
     be deemed, either alone or in combination, to constitute, and none of the
     following shall be taken into account in determining whether there has
     been or will be, a Material Adverse Change or Material Adverse Effect: (A)
     any change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development (1)
     in the financial or securities markets or the economy in general, (2) in
     the industries in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries operates in
     general, to the extent that such change, effect, event, occurrence, state
     of facts or development does not disproportionately impact the Company or
     any of its Subsidiaries, or (3) resulting from any Divestiture required to
     be effected pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or (B) any failure, in
     and of itself, by the Company to meet any internal or published
     projections, forecasts or revenue or earnings predictions (it being
     understood that the facts or occurrences giving rise or contributing to
     such failure may be deemed to constitute, or be taken into account in
     determining whether there has been or would reasonably be expected to be,
     a Material Adverse Effect or a Material Adverse Change);

             (d) "Parent Material Adverse Change" or "Parent Material
     Adverse Effect" means any change, effect, event, occurrence, state of
     facts or development which individually or in the aggregate would
     reasonably be expected to result in any change or effect, that is
     materially adverse to the business, financial condition or results of
     operations of Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided,
     that none of the following shall be deemed, either alone or in
     combination, to constitute, and none of the following shall be taken
     into account in determining whether there has been or will be, a

<PAGE>
                                                                             57


     Parent Material Adverse Change or Parent Material Adverse Effect:
     (A) any change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development
     (1) in the financial or securities markets or the economy in general, (2)
     in the industries in which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries operates in
     general, to the extent that such change, effect, event, occurrence, state
     of facts or development does not disproportionately impact Parent or any
     of its Subsidiaries or (3) resulting from any Divestiture required to be
     effected pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or (B) any failure, in
     and of itself, by Parent to meet any internal or published projections,
     forecasts or revenue or earnings predictions (it being understood that the
     facts or occurrences giving rise or contributing to such failure may be
     deemed to constitute, or be taken into account in determining whether
     there has been or would reasonably be expected to be, a Parent Material
     Adverse Effect or a Parent Material Adverse Change);

             (e) "person" means an individual, corporation, partnership,
     limited liability company, joint venture, association, trust,
     unincorporated organization or other entity; and

             (f) a "Subsidiary" of any person means another person, an amount
     of the voting securities, other voting rights or voting partnership
     interests of which is sufficient to elect at least a majority of its board
     of directors or other governing body (or, if there are no such voting
     interests, 50% or more of the equity interests of which) is owned directly
     or indirectly by such first person.

         SECTION 8.04. Interpretation. When a reference is made in this
Agreement to an Article, a Section, Exhibit or Schedule, such reference
shall be to an Article of, a Section of, or an Exhibit or Schedule to, this
Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever
the words "include", "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement,
they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation". The
words "hereof", "herein" and "hereunder" and words of similar import when
used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to
any particular provision of this Agreement. References to "this Agreement"
shall include the Company Disclosure Schedule. All terms defined in this
Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or
other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined
therein. The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the
singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as
well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such term. Any Contract,
instrument or Law defined or referred to herein or in any Contract or
instrument that is referred to herein means such Contract, instrument or
Law as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented, including (in
the case of Contracts or instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case
of Laws) by succession of comparable successor Laws and references to all
attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein. References to a
person are also to its permitted successors and assigns.

         SECTION 8.05. Consents and Approvals. For any matter under this
Agreement requiring the consent or approval of any party to be valid and
binding on the parties hereto, such consent or approval must be in writing.
<PAGE>
                                                                         58


         SECTION 8.06. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts (including by facsimile), all of which shall be considered
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more
counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the
other parties.

         SECTION 8.07. Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This
Agreement (including the Exhibits and Schedules) and the Confidentiality
Agreement and any agreements entered into contemporaneously herewith (a)
constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the
subject matter of this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement and (b)
except for the provisions of Article II and Section 5.05, are not intended to
and do not confer upon any person other than the parties any legal or
equitable rights or remedies.

         SECTION 8.08. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY,
AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF INDIANA,
REGARDLESS OF THE LAWS THAT MIGHT OTHERWISE GOVERN UNDER APPLICABLE
PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS THEREOF.

         SECTION 8.09. Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the
rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned, in whole or in
part, by operation of law or otherwise by any of the parties without the
prior written consent of the other parties, and any assignment without such
consent shall be null and void, except that Sub, upon prior written notice to
the Company, may assign, in its sole discretion, any of or all its rights,
interests and obligations under this Agreement to Parent or to any direct or
indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent, but no such assignment shall
relieve Parent or Sub of any of its obligations hereunder. Subject to the
preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit
of, and be enforceable by, the parties and their respective successors and
assigns.

         SECTION 8.10. Specific Enforcement; Consent to Jurisdiction. The
parties agree that irreparable damage would occur and that the parties would
not have any adequate remedy at law in the event that any of the provisions of
this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or
were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be
entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement
and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, this being
in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.
In addition, each of the parties hereto (a) consents to submit itself to the
personal jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York in the event any dispute arises out of this Agreement or
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (b) agrees that it will not
attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request
for leave from any such court and (c) agrees that it will not bring any action
relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
in any court other than the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York.

         SECTION 8.11. Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party hereto hereby
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, any right it may
have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or other proceeding
arising out of this Agreement or the transactions

<PAGE>
                                                                             59


contemplated hereby. Each party hereto (a) certifies that no
representative, agent or attorney of any other party has represented,
expressly or otherwise, that such party would not, in the event of any
action, suit or proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (b)
acknowledges that it and the other parties hereto have been induced to
enter into this Agreement, by, among other things, the mutual waiver and
certifications in this Section 8.11.

         SECTION 8.12. Severability. If any term or other provision of this
Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law
or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall
nevertheless remain in full force and effect. Upon such determination that any
term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the
parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to
effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable Law in an acceptable manner to the end that the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are fulfilled to the extent
possible.

<PAGE>
                                                                             60


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Sub and the Company have caused this
Agreement to be signed by their respective officers hereunto duly authorized,
all as of the date first written above.


                                 JOHNSON & JOHNSON

                                      by
                                                 /s/ Michael J. Dormer
                                            --------------------------------
                                            Name:    Michael J. Dormer
                                            Title:   Worldwide Chairman, Medical
                                                     Devices



                                 SHELBY MERGER SUB, INC.,

                                      by
                                                  /s/ James R. Hilton
                                            --------------------------------
                                            Name:    James R. Hilton
                                            Title:   President


                                 GUIDANT CORPORATION,

                                      by
                                                  /s/ Ronald W. Dollens
                                            --------------------------------
                                            Name:    Ronald W. Dollens
                                            Title:   President and Chief
                                                     Executive Officer

<PAGE>

                                                                        ANNEX I
                                                        TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT


                             Index of Defined Terms
                             ----------------------

Term

Acquisition Agreement...........................................Section 4.02(b)
Actions.........................................................Section 4.01(d)
Adjusted Option.................................................Section 5.04(a)
Affiliate.......................................................Section 8.03(a)
Agreement..............................................................Preamble
Alza............................................................Section 3.02(h)
Antitrust Filings..................................................Section 5.03
Articles of Merger.................................................Section 1.03
Average Parent Stock Price......................................Section 2.01(c)
Cash Portion....................................................Section 2.01(c)
Cash Portion Option Exchange Multiple...........................Section 5.04(h)
Certificate.....................................................Section 2.01(c)
Closing............................................................Section 1.02
Closing Date.......................................................Section 1.02
Closing Price...................................................Section 2.02(e)
Code....................................................................2.02(j)
Commonly Controlled Entity......................................Section 3.01(l)
Company................................................................Preamble
Company Adverse Recommendation Change...........................Section 4.02(b)
Company Articles...................................................Section 1.05
Company Benefit Agreements......................................Section 3.01(g)
Company Benefit Plans...........................................Section 3.01(l)
Company By-laws.................................................Section 3.01(a)
Company Common Stock...................................................Recitals
Company Disclosure Schedule........................................Section 3.01
Company Notes...................................................Section 4.01(a)
Company Pension Plan............................................Section 3.01(l)
Company Preferred Stock.........................................Section 3.01(c)
Company Restricted Stock........................................Section 3.01(c)
Company Rights..................................................Section 3.01(v)
Company SEC Documents...........................................Section 3.01(e)
Company Series A Preferred Stock................................Section 3.01(c)
Company Stock-Based Awards......................................Section 3.01(c)
Company Stock Options...........................................Section 3.01(c)
Company Stock Plans.............................................Section 3.01(c)
Company Termination Fee.........................................Section 5.06(c)
Company Welfare Plan............................................Section 3.01(l)
Confidentiality Agreement..........................................Section 5.02
Continuing Employees............................................Section 5.11(a)
Contract........................................................Section 3.01(d)
EC Merger Regulation............................................Section 3.01(d)
Effective Time.....................................................Section 1.03

<PAGE>

Environmental Laws..............................................Section 3.01(j)
ERISA...........................................................Section 3.01(j)
ESPP............................................................Section 3.01(c)
Excess Distribution.............................................Section 4.01(d)
Exchange Act....................................................Section 3.01(d)
Exchange Agent..................................................Section 2.02(a)
Exchange Fund...................................................Section 2.02(a)
Exchange Ratio..................................................Section 2.01(c)
FDA.............................................................Section 3.01(u)
FDCA............................................................Section 3.01(j)
Filed Company SEC Documents........................................Section 3.01
Filed Parent SEC Documents ........................................Section 3.02
Form S-4........................................................Section 3.01(f)
GAAP............................................................Section 3.01(e)
Governmental Entity.............................................Section 3.01(d)
Hazardous Materials.............................................Section 3.01(j)
HSR Act.........................................................Section 3.01(d)
HSR Filing.........................................................Section 5.03
IBCL...............................................................Section 1.01
Intellectual Property Rights....................................Section 3.01(p)
IRS.............................................................Section 3.01(l)
Key Personnel...................................................Section 3.01(g)
Knowledge.......................................................Section 8.03(b)
Law.............................................................Section 3.01(d)
Legal Provisions................................................Section 3.01(j)
Liens...........................................................Section 3.01(b)
Material Adverse Change.........................................Section 8.03(c)
Material Adverse Effect.........................................Section 8.03(c)
Medical Device..................................................Section 3.01(u)
Merger.................................................................Recitals
Merger Consideration............................................Section 2.01(c)
New Rights Plan....................................................Section 5.13
Non-U.S. Subsidiary.............................................Section 4.01(d)
Notice of Superior Proposal.....................................Section 4.02(b)
NYSE....................................................................2.01(c)
Order...................................................................3.01(d)
Paragraph 6.............................................................3.01(r)
Parent.................................................................Preamble
Parent Common Stock....................................................Recitals
Parent Disclosure Schedule.........................................Section 3.02
Parent Material Adverse Change..................................Section 8.03(d)
Parent Material Adverse Effect..................................Section 8.03(d)
Parent Preferred Stock..........................................Section 3.02(h)
Parent SEC Documents............................................Section 3.02(c)
Parent Termination Fee..........................................Section 5.06(b)
Permits.........................................................Section 3.01(j)

<PAGE>

Person..........................................................Section 8.03(e)
Post-Signing Returns............................................Section 4.01(d)
Primary Company Executives......................................Section 3.01(m)
Proxy Statement.................................................Section 3.01(d)
Representatives.................................................Section 4.02(a)
Release.........................................................Section 3.01(j)
Restraints......................................................Section 6.01(d)
Rights Agreement................................................Section 3.01(v)
SEC.............................................................Section 3.01(d)
Securities Act..................................................Section 3.01(e)
Shareholder Approval............................................Section 3.01(q)
Shareholders' Meeting...........................................Section 5.01(b)
Significant Subsidiary .........................................Section 3.01(a)
Social Security Act.............................................Section 3.01(u)
SOX.............................................................Section 3.01(e)
Stock Portion...................................................Section 2.01(c)
Sub....................................................................Preamble
Sub Articles....................................................Section 3.02(a)
Subsidiary......................................................Section 8.03(g)
Superior Proposal...............................................Section 4.02(a)
Surviving Corporation..............................................Section 1.01
Takeover Proposal...............................................Section 4.02(a)
tax.............................................................Section 3.01(n)
taxing authority................................................Section 3.01(n)
tax return......................................................Section 3.01(n)
Tier I Employee.................................................Section 3.01(g)
Tier II Employee................................................Section 3.01(g)

<PAGE>

                                                                      EXHIBIT A
                                                        TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT



                       Restated Articles of Incorporation
                       ----------------------------------
                          of the Surviving Corporation
                          ----------------------------

            FIRST: The name of the corporation (hereinafter called the
"Corporation") is Guidant Corporation.

            SECOND: The aggregate number of shares which the Corporation shall
have authority to issue is 1,000 shares of Common Stock, without par value.

            THIRD: The street address of the Corporation's initial registered
office in Indiana is 307 East McCarty Street, Indianapolis 46285 and the name
of its initial registered agent at that office is [Name of Agent].

            FOURTH: The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful
act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the Business
Corporation Law of the State of Indiana.

            FIFTH: In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred
upon it by law, the Board of Directors of the Corporation is expressly
authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the By-laws of the Corporation.

            SIXTH: To the fullest extent permitted by the Business Corporation
Law of the State of Indiana as it now exists and as it may hereafter be
amended, no director or officer of the Corporation shall be personally liable
to the Corporation or any of its shareholders for monetary damages for breach
of fiduciary duty as a director or officer.

            SEVENTH: The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
Section 23-1-37 of the Business Corporation Law of the State of Indiana, as the
same may be amended and supplemented, indemnify any and all persons whom it
shall have power to indemnify under said Section from and against any and all
of the expenses, liabilities, or other matters referred to in or covered by
said Section. Such indemnification shall be mandatory and not discretionary.
The indemnification provided for herein shall not be deemed exclusive of any
other rights to which those indemnified may be entitled under any by-law,
agreement, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both
as to action in his or her official capacity and as to action in another
capacity while holding such office, and shall continue as to a person who has
ceased to be a director, officer, employee, or agent and shall inure to the
benefit of the heirs, executors, and administrators of such a person. Any
repeal or modification of this Article SEVENTH shall not adversely affect any
right to indemnification of any persons existing at the time of such repeal or
modification with respect to any matter occurring prior to such repeal or
modification.

            The Corporation shall to the fullest extent permitted by the
Business Corporation Law of the State of Indiana advance all costs and
expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and expenses)
incurred by any director or officer within 15 days of the presentation of
same to the Corporation, with respect to any one or more actions, suits or
proceedings, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, so
long as the Corporation receives from the director or officer a written
affirmation required by the Business Corporation

<PAGE>

Law of the State of Indiana of his or her good faith belief that he or she has
met the applicable standard of conduct established by the Business Corporation
Law of the State of Indiana, together with an unsecured undertaking to repay
such expenses if it shall ultimately be determined that such director or
officer is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation under the Business
Corporation Law of the State of Indiana. Such obligation to advance costs and
expenses shall be mandatory, and not discretionary, and shall include, without
limitation, costs and expenses incurred in asserting affirmative defenses,
counterclaims and cross claims. Such undertaking to repay may, if first
requested in writing by the applicable director or officer, be on behalf of
(rather than by) such director or officer, provided that in such case the
Corporation shall have the right to approve the party making such undertaking.

            EIGHTH: Unless and except to the extent that the By-laws of the
Corporation shall so require, the election of directors of the Corporation need
not be by written ballot.

<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT B
                                                      TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT

                            Form of Affiliate Letter
                            ------------------------

Dear Sirs:

            The undersigned, a holder of shares of common stock, without par
value ("Company Common Stock"), of Guidant Corporation, an Indiana
corporation (the "Company"), acknowledges that the undersigned may be deemed
an "affiliate" of the Company within the meaning of Rule 145 ("Rule 145")
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities
Act"), by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Pursuant to the
terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 15, 2004 (the
"Merger Agreement"), among Johnson & Johnson, a New Jersey corporation
("Parent"), Shelby Merger Sub, Inc., an Indiana corporation and a wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent ("Sub"), and the Company, Merger Sub will be
merged with and into the Company (the "Merger"), and in connection with the
Merger, the undersigned is entitled to receive a certain number of shares of
the common stock of Parent ("Parent Common Stock"), determined in accordance
with the Merger Agreement, and $30.40 in cash for each share of Company
Common Stock, without interest.

            If in fact the undersigned were an affiliate under the Securities
Act, the undersigned's ability to sell, assign or transfer the shares of
Parent Common Stock received by the undersigned in exchange for any shares of
Company Common Stock in connection with the Merger may be restricted unless
such transaction is registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from
such registration is available. The undersigned understands that such
exemptions are limited and the undersigned has obtained or will obtain advice
of counsel as to the nature and conditions of such exemptions, including
information with respect to the applicability to the sale of such securities
of Rules 144 and 145(d) promulgated under the Securities Act. The undersigned
understands that Parent will not be required to maintain the effectiveness of
any registration statement under the Securities Act for the purposes of
resale of Parent Common Stock by the undersigned.

            The undersigned hereby represents to and covenants with Parent
that the undersigned will not sell, assign or transfer any of the shares of
Parent Common Stock received by the undersigned in exchange for shares of
Company Common Stock in connection with the Merger except (i) pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (ii) in conformity
with the volume and other limitations of Rule 145 or (iii) in a transaction
which, in the opinion of counsel to the undersigned, such counsel to be
reasonably satisfactory to Parent and such opinion to be in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent, or as described in a "no-action"
or interpretive letter from the Staff of the SEC specifically issued with
respect to a transaction to be engaged in by the undersigned, is not required
to be registered under the Securities Act.

            In the event of a sale or other disposition by the undersigned
of the shares of Parent Common Stock pursuant to Rule 145, the undersigned
will supply Parent with evidence of compliance with such Rule, in the form
of a letter in the form of Annex I

<PAGE>

hereto or the opinion of counsel or no-action letter referred to above. The
undersigned understands that Parent may instruct its transfer agent to
withhold the transfer of any shares of Parent Common Stock disposed of by the
undersigned, but that (provided such transfer is not prohibited by any other
provision of this letter agreement) upon receipt of such evidence of
compliance, Parent shall cause the transfer agent to effectuate the transfer
of the shares of Parent Common Stock sold as indicated in such letter.

            Parent covenants that it will take all such actions as may be
reasonably available to it to permit the sale or other disposition of the
shares of Parent Common Stock by the undersigned under Rule 145 in
accordance with the terms thereof.

            The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that the legend set
forth below will be placed on certificates representing the shares of
Parent Common Stock received by the undersigned in connection with the
Merger or held by a transferee thereof, which legend will be removed by
delivery of substitute certificates (i) if the undersigned provides
evidence of compliance with Rule 145 to Parent, in the form of a letter in
the form of Annex I hereto, or (ii) upon receipt of an opinion in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent from counsel reasonably
satisfactory to Parent to the effect that such legend is no longer required
for purposes of the Securities Act.

                  There will be placed on the certificates for Parent Common
Stock issued to the undersigned in connection with the Merger, or any
substitutions therefor, a legend stating in substance:

                  "The shares represented by this certificate were issued
         pursuant to a transaction to which Rule 145 promulgated under the
         Securities Act of 1933 applies. The shares have not been acquired by
         the holder with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any
         distribution thereof within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933.
         The shares may not be sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except in
         accordance with Rule 145, pursuant to a Registration Statement under
         the Securities Act of 1933 or in accordance with an exemption from the
         registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933."

            The undersigned acknowledges that (i) the undersigned has
carefully read this letter and understands the requirements hereof and the
limitations imposed upon the distribution, sale, transfer or other
disposition of Parent Common Stock and (ii) the receipt by Parent of this
letter is an inducement to Parent's obligations to consummate the Merger.

<PAGE>

            Execution of this letter should not be considered an admission
on the part of the undersigned that the undersigned is an "affiliate" of
the Company as described in the first paragraph of this letter, or as a
waiver of any rights the undersigned may have to object to any claim that
the undersigned is such an affiliate on or after the date of this letter.

                                            Very truly yours,



Dated:

<PAGE>
                                                                     ANNEX I TO
                                                                      EXHIBIT B


[Name]                                                                  [Date]

            On        , the undersigned sold the securities of Johnson & Johnson
("Parent") described below in the space provided for that purpose (the
"Securities"). The Securities were received by the undersigned in connection
with the merger of Shelby Merger Sub, Inc., an Indiana corporation, with and
into Guidant Corporation, an Indiana corporation.

            Based upon the most recent report or statement filed by Parent with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Securities sold by the undersigned
were within the prescribed limitations set forth in paragraph (e) of Rule 144
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities
Act").

            The undersigned hereby represents that the Securities were sold in
"brokers' transactions" within the meaning of Section 4(4) of the Securities
Act or in transactions directly with a "market maker" as that term is defined
in Section 3(a)(38) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The
undersigned further represents that the undersigned has not solicited or
arranged for the solicitation of orders to buy the Securities, and that the
undersigned has not made any payment in connection with the offer or sale of
the Securities to any person other than to the broker who executed the order in
respect of such sale.


                                                     Very truly yours,






Dated:

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.(I)
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>gui3_1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1 - ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                   Exhibit 3.1


                             ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT
                                      of
                         THE ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
                                      of
                              GUIDANT CORPORATION
                            setting forth terms of
                    SERIES A PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK



                              ___________________


         Pursuant to the Indiana Business Corporation Law (the "IBCL"),
Guidant Corporation, an Indiana corporation (the "Corporation"), in accordance
with the provisions of Section 23-1-25-2 of the IBCL, does hereby certify:


                                  Article I.

         The name of the corporation filing these Articles of Amendment is
Guidant Corporation.


                                  Article II.

         Article 4(c) of the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation, as
amended, is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows:

         (c) A total of 1,000,000 shares of the 50,000,000 shares of
authorized Preferred Stock are designated as "Series A Participating Preferred
Stock" (the "Series A Participating Preferred Stock"), which shall possess the
rights, preferences, qualifications, limitations and restrictions set forth
below:

                  (1) Dividends and Distributions.

                  (i) Subject to the prior and superior rights of the holders
of any shares of any series of Preferred Stock ranking prior and superior to
the shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock with respect to
dividends, the holders of shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of
Directors out of funds legally available for the purpose, quarterly dividends
payable in cash on the first day of April, July, October and January in each
year (each such date being referred to herein as a "Quarterly Dividend Payment
Date"), commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after the
first issuance of a share or fraction of a share of Series A Participating
Preferred Stock, in an amount per share (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to
the greater of (a) $0.05 or (b) subject to the provision for adjustment

<PAGE>

hereinafter set forth, 1000 times the aggregate per share amount of all cash
dividends, and 1000 times the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of
all non-cash dividends or other distributions other than a dividend payable in
shares of Common Stock or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock (by reclassification or otherwise), declared on the Common Stock,
without par value, of the Corporation (the "Common Stock") since the
immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, or, with respect to the
first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of any share
or fraction of a share of Series A Participating Preferred Stock. In the event
the Corporation shall at any time after December 12, 2004 (the "Rights
Declaration Date") (i) declare any dividend on Common Stock payable in shares
of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common Stock, or (iii) combine
the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each
such case the amount to which holders of shares of Series A Participating
Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event under clause (b)
of the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a
fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the
number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to
such event.

                  (ii) The Corporation shall declare a dividend or
distribution on the Series A Participating Preferred Stock as provided in
Article 4(c)(1)(i) above immediately after it declares a dividend or
distribution on the Common Stock (other than a dividend payable in shares of
Common Stock); provided that, in the event no dividend or distribution shall
have been declared on the Common Stock during the period between any Quarterly
Dividend Payment Date and the next subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date,
a dividend of $0.05 per share on the Series A Participating Preferred Stock
shall nevertheless be payable on such subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment
Date.

                  (iii) Dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on
outstanding shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock from the
Quarterly Dividend Payment Date next preceding the date of issue of such
shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock, unless the date of issue of
such shares is prior to the record date for the first Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date, in which case dividends on such shares shall begin to accrue
from the date of issue of such shares, or unless the date of issue is a
Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or is a date after the record date for the
determination of holders of shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock
entitled to receive a quarterly dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date, in either of which events such dividends shall begin to accrue
and be cumulative from such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. Accrued but
unpaid dividends shall not bear interest. Dividends paid on the shares of
Series A Participating Preferred Stock in an amount less than the total amount
of such dividends at the time accrued and payable on such shares shall be
allocated pro rata on a share by share basis among all such shares at the time
outstanding. The Board of Directors may fix a record date for the
determination of holders of shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock
entitled to receive payment of a dividend or distribution declared thereon,
which record date shall be no more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for
the payment thereof.

                  (2) Voting Rights. The holders of shares of Series A
Participating Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights:

                                    - 2 -

<PAGE>

                  (i) Subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set
forth, each share of Series A Participating Preferred Stock shall entitle the
holder thereof to 1000 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the
shareholders of the Corporation. In the event the Corporation shall at any
time after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Common
Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common
Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of
shares, then in each such case the number of votes per share to which holders
of shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock were entitled immediately
prior to such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such number by a fraction
the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of
shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

                  (ii) Except as otherwise provided herein or by law, the
holders of shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock and the holders of
shares of Common Stock shall vote together as one class on all matters
submitted to a vote of shareholders of the Corporation.

                  (iii) a. If at any time dividends on any Series A
Participating Preferred Stock shall be in arrears in an amount equal to six
(6) quarterly dividends thereon, the occurrence of such contingency shall mark
the beginning of a period (herein called a "default period") which shall
extend until such time when all accrued and unpaid dividends for all previous
quarterly dividend periods and for the current quarterly dividend period on
all shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock then outstanding shall
have been declared and paid or set apart for payment. During each default
period, all holders of Preferred Stock (including holders of the Series A
Participating Preferred Stock) with dividends in arrears in an amount equal to
six (6) quarterly dividends thereon, voting as a class, irrespective of
series, shall have the right to elect two (2) directors.

                  b. During any default period, such voting right of the
holders of Series A Participating Preferred Stock may be exercised initially
at a special meeting called pursuant to subparagraph c. of this Article
4(c)(2)(iii) or at any annual meeting of shareholders, and thereafter at
annual meetings of shareholders, provided that such voting right shall not be
exercised unless the holders of ten percent (10%) in number of shares of
Preferred Stock outstanding shall be present in person or by proxy. The
absence of a quorum of the holders of Common Stock shall not affect the
exercise by the holders of Preferred Stock of such voting right. At any
meeting at which the holders of Preferred Stock shall exercise such voting
right initially during an existing default period, they shall have the right,
voting as a class, to elect directors to fill such vacancies, if any, in the
Board of Directors as may then exist up to two (2) directors or, if such right
is exercised at an annual meeting, to elect two (2) directors. If the number
which may be so elected at any special meeting does not amount to the required
number, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall have the right to make such
increase in the number of directors as shall be necessary to permit the
election by them of the required number. After the holders of the Preferred
Stock shall have exercised their right to elect directors in any default
period and during the continuance of such period, the number of directors
shall not be increased or decreased except by vote of the holders of Preferred
Stock as herein provided or pursuant to the rights of any equity securities
ranking senior to or pari passu with the Series A Participating Preferred
Stock.

                                    - 3 -

<PAGE>


                  c. Unless the holders of Preferred Stock shall, during an
existing default period, have previously exercised their right to elect
directors, the Board of Directors may order, or any shareholder or
shareholders owning in the aggregate not less than ten percent (10%) of the
total number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding, irrespective of series,
may request, the calling of a special meeting of the holders of Preferred
Stock, which meeting shall thereupon be called by the Chief Executive Officer,
the President, a Vice President or the Secretary of the Corporation. Notice of
such meeting and of any annual meeting at which holders of Preferred Stock are
entitled to vote pursuant to this Article 4(c)(2)(iii)c. shall be given to
each holder of record of Preferred Stock by mailing a copy of such notice to
him at his last address as the same appears on the books of the Corporation.
Such meeting shall be called for a time not earlier than 20 days and not later
than 60 days after such order or request or in default of the calling of such
meeting within 60 days after such order or request, such meeting may be called
on similar notice by any shareholder or shareholders owning in the aggregate
not less than ten percent (10%) of the total number of shares of Preferred
Stock outstanding. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article
4(c)(2)(iii)c., no such special meeting shall be called during the period
within 60 days immediately preceding the date fixed for the next annual
meeting of the shareholders.

                  d. In any default period, the holders of Common Stock, and
other classes of stock of the Corporation if applicable, shall continue to be
entitled to elect the whole number of directors until the holders of Preferred
Stock shall have exercised their right to elect two (2) directors voting as a
class, after the exercise of which right (x) the directors so elected by the
holders of Preferred Stock shall be elected to one of the three classes of
directors of the Corporation so that the three classes shall be as equal in
number as may be feasible and shall continue in office until the expiration of
the term of the class to which he or she is elected and his or her successors
shall have been elected by such holders or until the expiration of the default
period, and (y) any vacancy in the Board of Directors may (except as provided
in Article 4(c)(2)(iii)b.) be filled by vote of a majority of the remaining
directors theretofore elected by the holders of the class of stock which
elected the director whose office shall have become vacant. References in this
Article 4(c)(2)(iii) to directors elected by the holders of a particular class
of stock shall include directors elected by such directors to fill vacancies
as provided in clause (y) of the foregoing sentence.

                  e. Immediately upon the expiration of a default period, (x)
the right of the holders of Preferred Stock as a class to elect directors
shall cease, (y) the term of any directors elected by the holders of Preferred
Stock as a class shall terminate, and (z) the number of directors shall be
such number as may be provided for in the articles of incorporation or by-laws
irrespective of any increase made pursuant to the provisions of Article
4(c)(2)(iii)b. (such number being subject, however, to change thereafter in
any manner provided by law or in the articles of incorporation or by-laws).
Any vacancies in the Board of Directors effected by the provisions of clauses
(y) and (z) in the preceding sentence may be filled by a majority of the
remaining directors.

                  (iv) Except as set forth herein, holders of Series A
Participating Preferred Stock shall have no special voting rights and their
consent shall not be required (except to the extent they are entitled to vote
with holders of Common Stock as set forth herein) for taking any corporate
action.

                                     - 4 -

<PAGE>

                  (3) Certain Restrictions.

                  (i) Whenever quarterly dividends or other dividends or
distributions payable on the Series A Participating Preferred Stock as
provided in Article 4(c)(1) are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued
and unpaid dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, on shares of
Series A Participating Preferred Stock outstanding shall have been paid in
full, the Corporation shall not

                  a. declare or pay dividends on, make any other distributions
on, or redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of
stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up) to the Series A Participating Preferred Stock;

                  b. declare or pay dividends on or make any other
distributions on any shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A
Participating Preferred Stock, except dividends paid ratably on the Series A
Participating Preferred Stock and all such parity stock on which dividends are
payable or in arrears in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders
of all such shares are then entitled;

                  c. redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration
shares of any stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Participating
Preferred Stock, provided that the Corporation may at any time redeem,
purchase or otherwise acquire shares of any such parity stock in exchange for
shares of any stock of the Corporation ranking junior (either as to dividends
or upon dissolution, liquidation or winding up) to the Series A Participating
Preferred Stock; or

                  d. purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any
shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock, or any shares of stock
ranking on a parity with the Series A Participating Preferred Stock, except in
accordance with a purchase offer made in writing or by publication (as
determined by the Board of Directors) to all holders of such shares upon such
terms as the Board of Directors, after consideration of the respective annual
dividend rates and other relative rights and preferences of the respective
series and classes, shall determine in good faith will result in fair and
equitable treatment among the respective series or classes.

                  (ii) The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of the
Corporation to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of
stock of the Corporation unless the Corporation could, under Article
4(c)(3)(i), purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in such
manner.

                  (4) Reacquired Shares. Any shares of Series A Participating
Preferred Stock purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any
manner whatsoever shall be retired and cancelled promptly after the
acquisition thereof. All such shares shall upon their cancellation become
authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock and may be reissued as part
of a new series of Preferred Stock to be created by resolution or resolutions
of the Board of Directors, subject to the conditions and restrictions on
issuance set forth herein.

                                    - 5 -

<PAGE>


                  (5) Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up. (i) Upon any
liquidation (voluntary or otherwise), dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, no distribution shall be made to the holders of shares of stock
ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up) to the Series A Participating Preferred Stock unless, prior
thereto, the holders of shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock shall
have received an amount equal to $1,000 per share of Series A Participating
Preferred Stock, plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and
distributions thereon, whether or not declared, to the date of such payment
(the "Series A Liquidation Preference"). Following the payment of the full
amount of the Series A Liquidation Preference, no additional distributions
shall be made to the holders of shares of Series A Participating Preferred
Stock unless, prior thereto, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall have
received an amount per share (the "Common Adjustment") equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) the Series A Liquidation Preference by (y) 1000 (as
appropriately adjusted as set forth in subparagraph (iii) below to reflect
such events as stock splits, stock dividends and recapitalizations with
respect to the Common Stock) (such number in clause (y), the "Adjustment
Number"). Following the payment of the full amount of the Series A Liquidation
Preference and the Common Adjustment in respect of all outstanding shares of
Series A Participating Preferred Stock and Common Stock, respectively, holders
of Series A Participating Preferred Stock and holders of shares of Common
Stock shall receive their ratable and proportionate share of the remaining
assets to be distributed in the ratio of the Adjustment Number to 1 with
respect to such Preferred Stock and Common Stock, on a per share basis,
respectively.

                  (ii) In the event, however, that there are not sufficient
assets available to permit payment in full of the Series A Liquidation
Preference and the liquidation preferences of all other series of preferred
stock, if any, which rank on a parity with the Series A Participating
Preferred Stock, then such remaining assets shall be distributed ratably to
the holders of such parity shares in proportion to their respective
liquidation preferences. In the event, however, that there are not sufficient
assets available to permit payment in full of the Common Adjustment, then such
remaining assets shall be distributed ratably to the holders of Common Stock.

                  (iii) In the event the Corporation shall at any time after
the Rights Declaration Date (x) declare any dividend on Common Stock payable
in shares of Common Stock, (y) subdivide the outstanding Common Stock, or (z)
combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in
each such case the Adjustment Number in effect immediately prior to such event
shall be adjusted by multiplying such Adjustment Number by a fraction the
numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of
shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

                  (6) Consolidation, Merger, etc. In case the Corporation
shall enter into any consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction
in which the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other
stock or securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case the
shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock shall at the same time be
similarly exchanged or changed in an amount per share (subject to the
provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth) equal to 1000 times the
aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash and/or any other property (payable
in kind), as the case may be, into which or for which each share of Common
Stock is changed or exchanged. In the event the Corporation shall at any time

                                     - 6 -

<PAGE>

after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Common Stock
payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common
Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of
shares, then in each such case the amount set forth in the preceding sentence
with respect to the exchange or change of shares of Series A Participating
Preferred Stock shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the
numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of
shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

                  (7) No Redemption. The shares of Series A Participating
Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable.

                  (8) Ranking. The Series A Participating Preferred Stock
shall rank junior to all other series of the Corporation's Preferred Stock as
to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets, unless the terms
of any such series shall provide otherwise.

                  (9) Amendment. At any time when any shares of Series A
Participating Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Articles of Incorporation
of the Corporation shall not be amended in any manner which would materially
alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series A
Participating Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely without the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority or more of the outstanding
shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock, voting separately as a
class.

                  (10) Fractional Shares. Series A Participating Preferred
Stock may be issued in fractions of a share which shall entitle the holder, in
proportion to such holder's fractional shares, to exercise voting rights,
receive dividends, participate in distributions and to have the benefit of all
other rights of holders of Series A Participating Preferred Stock.


                                 Article III.

                  These Articles of Amendment were duly authorized and adopted
by the Board of Directors of the Corporation at a meeting duly called and held
on December 15, 2004. Pursuant to Article 4(b) of the Articles of
Incorporation of the Corporation and Section 23-1-25-2 and Section 23-1-38-2
of the IBCL, no action by the Corporation's shareholders was required.

                                    - 7 -

<PAGE>


                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, these Articles of Amendment are executed
on behalf of the Corporation by its duly authorized officers this 17th day of
December, 2004.


                                              GUIDANT CORPORATION


                                              By: /s/ Keith E. Brauer
                                                  --------------------------


Attest:


By:  /s/ David P. Scharf
     ---------------------





                                    - 8 -

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exhibit4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1 - RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>



                                                               Exhibit 4.1
                                                               -----------









                              GUIDANT CORPORATION

                                      and

                         EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.,
                                  Rights Agent




                                Rights Agreement

                         Dated as of December 15, 2004

<PAGE>

                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                           Page

Section 1.   Certain Definitions..............................................1
Section 2.   Appointment of Rights Agent......................................5
Section 3.   Issuance of Rights Certificates..................................6
Section 4.   Form of Rights Certificates......................................7
Section 5.   Countersignature and Registration................................8
Section 6.   Transfer, Split Up, Combination and Exchange
             of Rights Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed,
             Lost or Stolen Rights Certificates...............................9
Section 7.   Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price; Expiration Date of Rights...10
Section 8.   Cancellation and Destruction of Rights Certificates.............12
Section 9.   Reservation and Availability of Capital Stock...................12
Section 10.  Preferred Stock Record Date.....................................14
Section 11.  Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number and Kind
             of Shares or Number of Rights...................................14
Section 12.  Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price or Number of Shares......22
Section 13.  Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer of Assets,
             Cash Flow or Earning Power......................................23
Section 14.  Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares.........................25
Section 15.  Rights of Action................................................26
Section 16.  Agreement of Rights Holders.....................................27
Section 17.  Rights Certificate Holder Not Deemed a Shareholder..............27
Section 18.  Concerning the Rights Agent.....................................28
Section 19.  Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of Rights Agent.......28
Section 20.  Duties of Rights Agent..........................................29
Section 21.  Change of Rights Agent..........................................31
Section 22.  Issuance of New Rights Certificates.............................32
Section 23.  Redemption and Termination......................................32
Section 24.  Exchange........................................................33
Section 25.  Notice of Certain Events........................................34
Section 26.  Notices.........................................................35
Section 27.  Supplements and Amendments......................................36
Section 28.  Successors......................................................36
Section 29.  Determinations and Actions by the Board of Directors, etc.......36
Section 30.  Benefits of this Agreement......................................36
Section 31.  Severability....................................................37
Section 32.  Governing Law...................................................37
Section 33.  Counterparts....................................................37
Section 34.  Descriptive Headings............................................37
Section 35.  Force Majeure...................................................37

<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBITS

Exhibit A -- Form of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation

Exhibit B -- Form of Rights Certificates

Exhibit C -- Form of Summary of Rights

                                       3

<PAGE>


                                RIGHTS AGREEMENT

         RIGHTS AGREEMENT, dated as of December 15, 2004 (the "Agreement"),
between Guidant Corporation, an Indiana corporation (the "Company"), and
EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. (the "Rights Agent").

                              W I T N E S S E T H

         WHEREAS, on December 15, 2004 (the "Rights Dividend Declaration
Date"), the Board of Directors of the Company authorized and declared a
dividend distribution of one Right (as hereinafter defined) for each share of
common stock, without par value, of the Company (the "Common Stock")
outstanding at the close of business on December 27, 2004 (the "Record Date"),
and has authorized the issuance of one Right (as such number may hereinafter be
adjusted pursuant to the provisions of Section 11(p) hereof) for each share of
Common Stock of the Company issued between the Record Date (whether originally
issued or delivered from the Company's treasury) and the Distribution Date (as
hereinafter defined) each Right initially representing the right to purchase
one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Participating Preferred Stock of the
Company (the "Preferred Stock") having the rights, powers and preferences set
forth in the form of Certificate of Amendment of the Articles of Incorporation
of the Company attached hereto as Exhibit A, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions hereinafter set forth (the "Rights").

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
agreements herein set forth, the parties hereby agree as follows:

         Section 1. Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the
following terms have the meanings indicated:

               (a) "Acquiring Person" shall mean any Person who or which,
together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, shall be the
Beneficial Owner of 15% or more of the shares of Common Stock then outstanding,
but shall not include (i) the Company, (ii) any Subsidiary of the Company,
(iii) any employee benefit plan of the Company, or of any Subsidiary of the
Company, or any Person or entity organized, appointed or established by the
Company for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan, (iv) any Person who
becomes the Beneficial Owner of fifteen percent (15%) or more of the shares of
Common Stock then outstanding as a result of a reduction in the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding due to the repurchase of shares of Common
Stock by the Company unless and until such Person, after becoming aware that
such Person has become the Beneficial Owner of fifteen percent (15%) or more of
the then outstanding shares of Common Stock, acquires beneficial ownership of
additional shares of Common Stock representing one percent (1%) or more of the
shares of Common Stock then outstanding, or (v) any such Person who has
reported or is required to report such ownership (but less than 20%) on
Schedule 13G under the Exchange Act (or any comparable or successor report) or
on Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act (or any comparable or successor report)
which Schedule 13D does not state any intention to or reserve the right to
control or influence the management or policies of the Company or


                                       1
<PAGE>

engage in any of the actions specified in Item 4 of such schedule (other than
the disposition of the Common Stock) and, within 10 Business Days of being
requested by the Company to advise it regarding the same, certifies to the
Company that such Person acquired shares of Common Stock in excess of 14.9%
inadvertently or without knowledge of the terms of the Rights and who or which,
together with all Affiliates and Associates, thereafter does not acquire
additional shares of Common Stock while the Beneficial Owner of 15% or more of
the shares of Common Stock then outstanding; provided, however, that if the
Person requested to so certify fails to do so within 10 Business Days, then
such Person shall become an Acquiring Person immediately after such
10-Business-Day period.

               (b) "Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

               (c) "Affiliate" and "Associate" shall have the respective
meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Exchange Act.

               (d) A Person shall be deemed the "Beneficial Owner" of, and
shall be deemed to "beneficially own," any securities:

                    (i) which such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or
     Associates, directly or indirectly, has the right to acquire (whether such
     right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time)
     pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether or not in
     writing) or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, other
     rights, warrants or options, or otherwise; provided, however, that a
     Person shall not be deemed the "Beneficial Owner" of, or to "beneficially
     own," (A) securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made
     by such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates until such
     tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange, (B) securities
     issuable upon exercise of Rights at any time prior to the occurrence of a
     Triggering Event (as hereinafter defined), or (C) securities issuable upon
     exercise of Rights from and after the occurrence of a Triggering Event
     which Rights were acquired by such Person or any of such Person's
     Affiliates or Associates prior to the Distribution Date (as hereinafter
     defined) or pursuant to Section 3(a) or Section 22 hereof (the "Original
     Rights") or pursuant to Section 11(i) hereof in connection with an
     adjustment made with respect to any Original Rights;

                    (ii) which such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates
     or Associates, directly or indirectly, has the right to vote or dispose of
     or has "beneficial ownership" of (as determined pursuant to Rule 13d-3 of
     the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act), including
     pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, whether or not in
     writing; provided, however, that a Person shall not be deemed the
     "Beneficial Owner" of, or to "beneficially own," any security


                                       2
<PAGE>


     under this subparagraph (ii) as a result of an agreement, arrangement or
     understanding to vote such security if such agreement, arrangement or
     understanding: (A) arises solely from a revocable proxy given in response
     to a public proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to, and in
     accordance with, the applicable provisions of the General Rules and
     Regulations under the Exchange Act, and (B) is not reportable by such
     Person on Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act (or any comparable or
     successor report); or

                    (iii) which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly,
     by any other Person (or any Affiliate or Associate thereof) with which
     such Person (or any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates) has any
     agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether or not in writing), for
     the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except pursuant to a revocable
     proxy as described in the proviso to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph
     (d)) or disposing of any voting securities of the Company;

provided, however, that nothing in this paragraph (d) shall cause a Person
engaged in business as an underwriter of securities to be the "Beneficial
Owner" of, or to "beneficially own," any securities acquired through such
Person's participation in good faith in a firm commitment underwriting until
the expiration of forty days after the date of such acquisition, and then only
if such securities continue to be owned by such Person at such expiration of
forty days. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of this Agreement,
neither Johnson & Johnson, a Delaware corporation, nor any of its Affiliates or
Associates (collectively, "Acquiror") shall be deemed to be the "Beneficial
Owner" of, or "beneficially own," any of the shares of Common Stock solely as a
result of the execution of that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, to be
dated as of December 15, 2004, by and among Acquiror, Shelby Merger Sub, Inc.
("Sub"), an Indiana corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Acquiror and
the Company or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby in
accordance with the terms thereof.

               (e) "Business Day" shall mean any day other than a Saturday,
Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are
authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close.

               (f) "Close of business" on any given date shall mean 5:00 P.M.,
New York City time, on such date; provided, however, that if such date is not a
Business Day, it shall mean 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on the next
succeeding Business Day.

               (g) "Common Stock" shall mean the common stock, without par
value, of the Company, except that "Common Stock" when used with reference to
any Person other than the Company shall mean the capital stock of such Person
with the greatest voting power, or the equity securities or other equity
interest having power to control or direct the management, of such Person.

               (h) "Common Stock Equivalents" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 11(a)(iii) hereof.



                                       3
<PAGE>

               (i) "Current Market Price" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 11(d)(i) hereof.

               (j) "Current Value" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
11(a)(iii) hereof.

               (k) "Distribution Date" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3(a) hereof.

               (l) "Equivalent Preferred Stock" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 11(b) hereof.

               (m) "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended.

               (n) "Exchange Ratio" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
24 hereof.

               (o) "Expiration Date" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 7(a) hereof.

               (p) "Final Expiration Date" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 7(a) hereof.

               (q) "Person" shall mean any individual, firm, corporation,
partnership or other entity.

               (r) "Preferred Stock" shall mean shares of Series A
Participating Preferred Stock, without par value, of the Company, and, to the
extent that there are not a sufficient number of shares of Series A
Participating Preferred Stock authorized to permit the full exercise of the
Rights or to the extent that the Company is prohibited by its articles of
incorporation from issuing shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock
upon the exercise of the Rights, any other series of preferred stock of the
Company designated for such purpose containing terms substantially similar to
the terms of the Series A Participating Preferred Stock.

               (s) "Principal Party" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 13(b) hereof.

               (t) "Purchase Price" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
4(a)(ii) hereof.

               (u) "Qualified Offer" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 11(a)(ii) hereof.

               (v) "Record Date" shall have the meaning set forth in the
preamble of this Agreement.


                                       4
<PAGE>


               (w) "Rights" shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of
this Agreement.

               (x) "Rights Agent" shall have the meaning set forth in the
preamble of this Agreement.

               (y) "Rights Certificate" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3(a) hereof.

               (z) "Rights Dividend Declaration Date" shall have the meaning
set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

               (aa) "Section 11(a)(ii) Event" shall mean any event described in
Section 11(a)(ii) hereof.

               (bb) "Section 13 Event" shall mean any event described in
clauses (x), (y) or (z) of Section 13(a) hereof.

               (cc) "Spread" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
11(a)(iii) hereof.

               (dd) "Stock Acquisition Date" shall mean the first date of
public announcement (which, for purposes of this definition, shall include,
without limitation, a report filed or amended pursuant to Section 13(d) under
the Exchange Act) by the Company or an Acquiring Person that an Acquiring
Person has become such other than pursuant to a Qualified Offer.

               (ee) "Subsidiary" shall mean, with reference to any Person, any
corporation of which an amount of voting securities sufficient to elect at
least a majority of the directors of such corporation is beneficially owned,
directly or indirectly, by such Person, or otherwise controlled by such Person.

               (ff) "Substitution Period" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 11(a)(iii) hereof.

               (gg) "Summary of Rights" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3(b) hereof.

               (hh) "Trading Day" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
11(d)(i) hereof.

               (ii) "Triggering Event" shall mean any Section 11(a)(ii) Event
or any Section 13 Event.

         Section 2. Appointment of Rights Agent. The Company hereby appoints
the Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company and the holders of the Rights
(who, in accordance with Section 3 hereof, shall prior to the Distribution Date
also be the holders of the Common Stock) in accordance with the terms and
conditions hereof, and



                                       5
<PAGE>


the Rights Agent hereby accepts such appointment. The Company may from time to
time appoint such co-rights agents as it may deem necessary or desirable, upon
ten (10) days' prior written notice to the Rights Agent. The Rights Agent
shall have no duty to supervise, and in no event be liable for, the acts or
omissions of any such co-Rights Agent.

         Section 3. Issuance of Rights Certificates.

              (a) Until the earlier of (i) the close of business on the tenth
Business Day after the Stock Acquisition Date (or, if the tenth Business Day
after the Stock Acquisition Date occurs before the Record Date, the close of
business on the Record Date), or (ii) the close of business on the tenth
Business Day (or such later date as the Board shall determine) after the date
that a tender or exchange offer by any Person (other than the Company, any
Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit plan of the Company or of any
Subsidiary of the Company, or any Person organized, appointed or established by
the Company for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan) is first published
or sent or given within the meaning of Rule 14d-2(a) of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Exchange Act, if upon consummation thereof, such Person
would become an Acquiring Person, in either instance other than pursuant to a
Qualified Offer (the earlier of (i) and (ii) being herein referred to as the
"Distribution Date"), (x) the Rights will be evidenced (subject to the
provisions of paragraphs (b) and (c) of this Section 3) by the certificates for
the Common Stock or, in the case of uncertificated shares, the balances
indicated in the book-entry account system of the transfer agent for the Common
Stock, registered in the names of the holders of the Common Stock (which shares
of Common Stock shall be deemed also to be certificates for Rights) and not by
separate certificates, and (y) the Rights will be transferable only in
connection with the transfer of the underlying shares of Common Stock
(including a transfer to the Company). As soon as practicable after the
Distribution Date, the Rights Agent will send by first class, insured, postage
prepaid mail, to each record holder of the Common Stock as of the close of
business on the Distribution Date, at the address of such holder shown on the
records of the Company, one or more rights certificates, in substantially the
form of Exhibit B hereto (the "Rights Certificates"), evidencing one Right for
each share of Common Stock so held, subject to adjustment as provided herein.
In the event that an adjustment in the number of Rights per share of Common
Stock has been made pursuant to Section 11(p) hereof, at the time of
distribution of the Rights Certificates, the Company shall make the necessary
and appropriate rounding adjustments (in accordance with Section 14(a) hereof)
so that Rights Certificates representing only whole numbers of Rights are
distributed and cash is paid in lieu of any fractional Rights. As of and after
the Distribution Date, the Rights will be evidenced solely by such Rights
Certificates.

              (b) The Company will make available, as promptly as practicable
following the Record Date, a copy of a Summary of Rights, in substantially the
form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the "Summary of Rights") to any holder of
Rights who may so request from time to time prior to the Expiration Date. With
respect to shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the Record Date, or issued
subsequent to the Record Date, unless and until the Distribution Date, the
Rights will be evidenced by the certificates for the Common Stock or, in the
case of uncertificated shares, the balances


                                       6
<PAGE>


indicated in the book-entry account system of the transfer agent for the Common
Stock, and the registered holders of the Common Stock shall also be the
registered holders of the associated Rights. Until the earlier of the
Distribution Date or the Expiration Date (as such term is defined in Section
7(a) hereof), the transfer of any shares of Common Stock in respect of which
Rights have been issued shall also constitute the transfer of the Rights
associated with such shares of Common Stock.

               (c) Rights shall be issued in respect of all shares of Common
Stock that are issued (whether originally issued or delivered from the
Company's treasury) after the Record Date but prior to the earlier of the
Distribution Date or the Expiration Date or, in certain circumstances provided
in Section 22 hereof, after the Distribution Date. Certificates representing
such shares of Common Stock shall also be deemed to be certificates for Rights,
and shall bear the following legend if such certificates are issued after the
Record Date but prior to the earlier of the Distribution Date or the Expiration
Date:

                  This certificate also evidences and entitles the holder
         hereof to certain Rights as set forth in the Rights Agreement between
         Guidant Corporation (the "Company") and the Rights Agent thereunder
         (the "Rights Agent") dated as of December 15, 2004, as from time to
         time amended (the "Rights Agreement"), the terms of which are hereby
         incorporated herein by reference and a copy of which is on file at the
         principal offices of the Rights Agent. Under certain circumstances, as
         set forth in the Rights Agreement, such Rights will be evidenced by
         separate certificates and will no longer be evidenced by this
         certificate. The Rights Agent will mail to the holder of this
         certificate a copy of the Rights Agreement, as in effect on the date
         of mailing, without charge, promptly after receipt of a written
         request therefor. Under certain circumstances set forth in the Rights
         Agreement, Rights issued to, or held by, any Person who is, was or
         becomes an Acquiring Person or any Affiliate or Associate thereof (as
         such terms are defined in the Rights Agreement), whether currently
         held by or on behalf of such Person or by any subsequent holder, may
         become null and void.

With respect to such certificates containing the foregoing legend, until the
earlier of (i) the Distribution Date or (ii) the Expiration Date, the Rights
associated with the Common Stock represented by such certificates shall be
evidenced by such certificates alone and registered holders of Common Stock
shall also be the registered holders of the associated Rights, and the transfer
of any of such certificates shall also constitute the transfer of the Rights
associated with the Common Stock represented by such certificates.

         Section 4. Form of Rights Certificates.

               (a) The Rights Certificates (and the forms of election to
purchase and of assignment to be printed on the reverse thereof) shall each be
substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B hereto and may have such marks
of identification or designation and such legends, summaries or endorsements
printed thereon as the


                                       7
<PAGE>


Company may deem appropriate and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of
this Agreement, or as may be required to comply with any applicable law or with
any rule or regulation made pursuant thereto or with any rule or regulation of
any stock exchange on which the Rights may from time to time be listed, or to
conform to usage. Subject to the provisions of Section 11 and Section 22
hereof, the Rights Certificates, whenever distributed, shall be dated as of the
Record Date and on their face shall entitle the holders thereof to purchase
such number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock as shall be
set forth therein at the price set forth therein (such exercise price per one
one-thousandth of a share, the "Purchase Price"), but the amount and type of
securities purchasable upon the exercise of each Right and the Purchase Price
thereof shall be subject to adjustment as provided herein.

               (b) Any Rights Certificate issued pursuant to Section 3(a),
Section 11(i) or Section 22 hereof that represents Rights beneficially owned
by: (i) an Acquiring Person or any Associate or Affiliate of an Acquiring
Person, (ii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such Associate or
Affiliate) who becomes a transferee after the Acquiring Person becomes such, or
(iii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such Associate or
Affiliate) who becomes a transferee prior to or concurrently with the Acquiring
Person becoming such and receives such Rights pursuant to either (A) a transfer
(whether or not for consideration) from the Acquiring Person to holders of
equity interests in such Acquiring Person or to any Person with whom such
Acquiring Person has any continuing agreement, arrangement or understanding
regarding the transferred Rights or (B) a transfer which the Board of Directors
of the Company has determined is part of a plan, arrangement or understanding
which has as a primary purpose or effect the avoidance of Section 7(e) hereof,
and any Rights Certificate issued pursuant to Section 6 or Section 11 hereof
upon transfer, exchange, replacement or adjustment of any other Rights
Certificate referred to in this sentence, shall contain (to the extent
feasible) the following legend:

         The Rights represented by this Rights Certificate are or were
         beneficially owned by a Person who was or became an Acquiring Person
         or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person (as such terms are
         defined in the Rights Agreement). Accordingly, this Rights Certificate
         and the Rights represented hereby may become null and void in the
         circumstances specified in Section 7(e) of the Rights Agreement.

         Section 5. Countersignature and Registration.

               (a) The Rights Certificates shall be executed on behalf of the
Company by its Chairman of the Board, its President or any Vice President,
either manually or by facsimile signature, and shall have affixed thereto the
Company's seal or a facsimile thereof which shall be attested by the Secretary
or an Assistant Secretary of the Company, either manually or by facsimile
signature. The Rights Certificates shall be countersigned by the Rights Agent,
either manually or by facsimile signature and shall not be valid for any
purpose unless so countersigned. In case any officer of the Company who shall
have signed any of the Rights Certificates shall cease to be such officer of
the Company before countersignature by the Rights Agent and issuance and
delivery by the


                                       8
<PAGE>



Company, such Rights Certificates, nevertheless, may be countersigned by the
Rights Agent and issued and delivered by the Company with the same force and
effect as though the person who signed such Rights Certificates had not ceased
to be such officer of the Company; and any Rights Certificates may be signed on
behalf of the Company by any person who, at the actual date of the execution of
such Rights Certificate, shall be a proper officer of the Company to sign such
Rights Certificate, although at the date of the execution of this Rights
Agreement any such person was not such an officer.

               (b) Following the Distribution Date, the Rights Agent will keep,
or cause to be kept, at its principal office or offices designated as the
appropriate place for surrender of Rights Certificates upon exercise or
transfer, books for registration and transfer of the Rights Certificates issued
hereunder. Such books shall show the names and addresses of the respective
holders of the Rights Certificates, the number of Rights evidenced on its face
by each of the Rights Certificates and the date of each of the Rights
Certificates.

         Section 6. Transfer, Split Up, Combination and Exchange of Rights
Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Rights Certificates.

               (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b), Section 7(e) and
Section 14 hereof, at any time after the close of business on the Distribution
Date, and at or prior to the close of business on the Expiration Date, any
Rights Certificate or Certificates (other than Rights Certificates representing
Rights that may have been exchanged pursuant to Section 24 hereof) may be
transferred, split up, combined or exchanged for another Rights Certificate or
Certificates, entitling the registered holder to purchase a like number of one
one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock (or, following a Triggering
Event, Common Stock, other securities, cash or other assets, as the case may
be) as the Rights Certificate or Certificates surrendered then entitles such
holder (or former holder in the case of a transfer) to purchase. Any registered
holder desiring to transfer, split up, combine or exchange any Rights
Certificate or Certificates shall make such request in writing delivered to the
Rights Agent, and shall surrender the Rights Certificate or Certificates to be
transferred, split up, combined or exchanged at the principal office or offices
of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose. Neither the Rights Agent nor
the Company shall be obligated to take any action whatsoever with respect to
the transfer of any such surrendered Rights Certificate until the registered
holder shall have completed and signed the certificate contained in the form of
assignment on the reverse side of such Rights Certificate and shall have
provided such additional evidence of the identity of the Beneficial Owner (or
former Beneficial Owner) or Affiliates or Associates thereof as the Company
shall reasonably request. Thereupon the Rights Agent shall, subject to Section
4(b), Section 7(e), Section 14 hereof and Section 24 hereof, countersign and
deliver to the Person entitled thereto a Rights Certificate or Rights
Certificates, as the case may be, as so requested. The Company may require
payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be
imposed in connection with any transfer, split up, combination or exchange of
Rights Certificates.



                                       9
<PAGE>

               (b) Upon receipt by the Company and the Rights Agent of evidence
reasonably satisfactory to them of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of a Rights Certificate, and, in case of loss, theft or destruction, of
indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to them, and reimbursement to the
Company and the Rights Agent of all reasonable expenses incidental thereto, and
upon surrender to the Rights Agent and cancellation of the Rights Certificate,
if mutilated, the Company will execute and deliver a new Rights Certificate of
like tenor to the Rights Agent for countersignature and delivery to the
registered owner in lieu of the Rights Certificate so lost, stolen, destroyed
or mutilated.

         Section 7. Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price; Expiration Date
of Rights.

               (a) Subject to Section 7(e) hereof, at any time after the
Distribution Date the registered holder of any Rights Certificate may exercise
the Rights evidenced thereby (except as otherwise provided herein including,
without limitation, the restrictions on exercisability set forth in Section
9(c), Section 11(a)(iii) and Section 23(a) hereof) in whole or in part upon
surrender of the Rights Certificate, with the form of election to purchase and
the certificate on the reverse side thereof duly executed, to the Rights Agent
at the principal office or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such
purpose, together with payment of the aggregate Purchase Price with respect to
the total number of one one-thousandths of a share (or other securities, cash
or other assets, as the case may be) as to which such surrendered Rights are
then exercisable, at or prior to the earliest of (i) 5:00 P.M., New York City
time, on December 15, 2014, or such later date as may be established by the
Board of Directors prior to the expiration of the Rights (such date, as it may
be extended by the Board, the "Final Expiration Date"), or (ii) the time at
which the Rights are redeemed as provided in Section 23 hereof, or (iii) the
time at which the Rights may be exchanged as provided in Section 24 hereof, or
(iv) the time at which all of the Rights expire pursuant to Section 13(d)
hereof, or (v) the Effective Time of that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger,
to be dated as of December 15, 2004, by and among Acquiror, Sub and the Company
(the earliest of (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) being herein referred to as the
"Expiration Date").

               (b) The Purchase Price for each one one-thousandth of a share of
Preferred Stock pursuant to the exercise of a Right initially shall be $325.00,
shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in Section 11 and
Section 13(a) hereof and shall be payable in accordance with paragraph (c)
below.

               (c) Upon receipt of a Rights Certificate representing
exercisable Rights, with the form of election to purchase and the certificate
duly executed, accompanied by payment, with respect to each Right so exercised,
of the Purchase Price per one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock (or
other shares, securities, cash or other assets, as the case may be) to be
purchased as set forth below and an amount equal to any applicable transfer
tax, the Rights Agent shall, subject to Section 20(k) hereof, thereupon
promptly (i) (A) requisition from any transfer agent of the shares of Preferred
Stock (or make available, if the Rights Agent is the transfer agent for such
shares) certificates for the total number of one one-thousandths of a share of
Preferred Stock to


                                      10
<PAGE>


be purchased and the Company hereby irrevocably authorizes its transfer agent
to comply with all such requests, or (B) if the Company shall have elected to
deposit the total number of shares of Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise of
the Rights hereunder with a depositary agent, requisition from the depositary
agent depositary receipts representing such number of one one-thousandths of a
share of Preferred Stock as are to be purchased (in which case certificates for
the shares of Preferred Stock represented by such receipts shall be deposited
by the transfer agent with the depositary agent) and the Company will direct
the depositary agent to comply with such request, (ii) requisition from the
Company the amount of cash, if any, to be paid in lieu of fractional shares in
accordance with Section 14 hereof, (iii) after receipt of such certificates or
depositary receipts, cause the same to be delivered to or, upon the order of
the registered holder of such Rights Certificate, registered in such name or
names as may be designated by such holder, and (iv) after receipt thereof,
deliver such cash, if any, to or upon the order of the registered holder of
such Rights Certificate. The payment of the Purchase Price (as such amount may
be reduced pursuant to Section 11(a)(iii) hereof) shall be made in cash or by
certified bank check or bank draft payable to the order of the Company. In the
event that the Company is obligated to issue other securities (including Common
Stock) of the Company, pay cash and/or distribute other property pursuant to
Section 11(a) hereof, the Company will make all arrangements necessary so that
such other securities, cash and/or other property are available for
distribution by the Rights Agent, if and when appropriate. The Company reserves
the right to require prior to the occurrence of a Triggering Event that, upon
any exercise of Rights, a number of Rights be exercised so that only whole
shares of Preferred Stock would be issued.

               (d) In case the registered holder of any Rights Certificate
shall exercise less than all the Rights evidenced thereby, a new Rights
Certificate evidencing the Rights remaining unexercised shall be issued by the
Rights Agent and delivered to, or upon the order of, the registered holder of
such Rights Certificate, registered in such name or names as may be designated
by such holder, subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof.

               (e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
from and after the first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, any Rights
beneficially owned by (i) an Acquiring Person or an Associate or Affiliate of
an Acquiring Person, (ii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such
Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee after the Acquiring Person
becomes such, or (iii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such
Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee prior to or concurrently with
the Acquiring Person becoming such and receives such Rights pursuant to either
(A) a transfer (whether or not for consideration) from the Acquiring Person to
holders of equity interests in such Acquiring Person or to any Person with whom
the Acquiring Person has any continuing agreement, arrangement or understanding
regarding the transferred Rights or (B) a transfer which the Board of Directors
of the Company has determined is part of a plan, arrangement or understanding
which has as a primary purpose or effect the avoidance of this Section 7(e),
shall become null and void without any further action and no holder of such
Rights shall have any rights whatsoever with respect to such Rights, whether
under any provision of this Agreement or otherwise. The Company shall use all
reasonable efforts to insure that the provisions of this Section 7(e)


                                      11
<PAGE>

and Section 4(b) hereof are complied with, but shall have no liability to any
holder of Rights Certificates or any other Person as a result of its failure to
make any determinations with respect to an Acquiring Person or any of its
Affiliates, Associates or transferees hereunder.

               (f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
neither the Rights Agent nor the Company shall be obligated to undertake any
action with respect to a registered holder upon the occurrence of any purported
exercise as set forth in this Section 7 unless such registered holder shall
have (i) completed and signed the certificate contained in the form of election
to purchase set forth on the reverse side of the Rights Certificate surrendered
for such exercise, and (ii) provided such additional evidence of the identity
of the Beneficial Owner (or former Beneficial Owner) or Affiliates or
Associates thereof as the Company shall reasonably request.

         Section 8. Cancellation and Destruction of Rights Certificates.

         All Rights Certificates surrendered for the purpose of exercise,
transfer, split up, combination or exchange shall, if surrendered to the
Company or any of its agents, be delivered to the Rights Agent for cancellation
or in cancelled form, or, if surrendered to the Rights Agent, shall be
cancelled by it, and no Rights Certificates shall be issued in lieu thereof
except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this Agreement. The
Company shall deliver to the Rights Agent for cancellation and retirement, and
the Rights Agent shall so cancel and retire, any other Rights Certificate
purchased or acquired by the Company otherwise than upon the exercise thereof.
The Rights Agent shall deliver all cancelled Rights Certificates to the
Company, or shall, at the written request of the Company, destroy such
cancelled Rights Certificates, and in such case shall deliver a certificate of
destruction thereof to the Company.

         Section 9. Reservation and Availability of Capital Stock.

               (a) The Company covenants and agrees that it will cause to be
reserved and kept available out of its authorized and unissued shares of
Preferred Stock (and, following the occurrence of a Triggering Event, out of
its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock and/or other securities or
out of its authorized and issued shares held in its treasury), the number of
shares of Preferred Stock (and, following the occurrence of a Triggering Event,
Common Stock and/or other securities) that, as provided in this Agreement
including Section 11(a)(iii) hereof, will be sufficient to permit the exercise
in full of all outstanding Rights.

               (b) So long as the shares of Preferred Stock (and, following the
occurrence of a Triggering Event, Common Stock and/or other securities)
issuable and deliverable upon the exercise of the Rights may be listed on any
national securities exchange, the Company shall use its best efforts to cause,
from and after such time as the Rights become exercisable (but only to the
extent that it is reasonably likely that the Rights will be exercised), all
shares reserved for such issuance to be listed on such exchange upon official
notice of issuance upon such exercise.


                                      12
<PAGE>


               (c) The Company shall use its best efforts to (i) file, as soon
as practicable following the earliest date after the first occurrence of a
Section 11(a)(ii) Event on which the consideration to be delivered by the
Company upon exercise of the Rights has been determined pursuant to this
Agreement (including in accordance with Section 11(a)(iii) hereof), or as soon
as is required by law following the Distribution Date, a registration statement
under the Act, with respect to the securities purchasable upon exercise of the
Rights on an appropriate form, (ii) cause such registration statement to become
effective as soon as practicable after such filing, and (iii) cause such
registration statement to remain effective (with a prospectus at all times
meeting the requirements of the Act) until the earlier of (A) the date as of
which the Rights are no longer exercisable for such securities, and (B) the
date of the expiration of the Rights. The Company will also take such action as
may be appropriate under, or to ensure compliance with, the securities or "blue
sky" laws of the various states in connection with the exercisability of the
Rights. The Company may temporarily suspend, for a period of time not to exceed
ninety (90) days after the date set forth in clause (i) of the first sentence
of this Section 9(c), the exercisability of the Rights in order to prepare and
file such registration statement and permit it to become effective. Upon any
such suspension, the Company shall issue a public announcement stating that the
exercisability of the Rights has been temporarily suspended, as well as a
public announcement at such time as the suspension has been rescinded. In
addition, if the Company shall determine that a registration statement is
required following the Distribution Date, the Company may temporarily suspend
the exercisability of the Rights until such time as a registration statement
has been declared effective. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to
the contrary, the Rights shall not be exercisable in any jurisdiction if the
requisite qualification in such jurisdiction shall not have been obtained, the
exercise thereof shall not be permitted under applicable law, or a registration
statement shall not have been declared effective.

               (d) The Company covenants and agrees that it will take all such
action as may be necessary to ensure that all one one-thousandths of a share of
Preferred Stock (and, following the occurrence of a Triggering Event, Common
Stock and/or other securities) delivered upon exercise of Rights shall, at the
time of delivery of such shares (subject to payment of the Purchase Price), be
duly and validly authorized and issued and fully paid and nonassessable.

               (e) The Company further covenants and agrees that it will pay
when due and payable any and all federal and state transfer taxes and charges
which may be payable in respect of the issuance or delivery of the Rights
Certificates and of any certificates for a number of one one-thousandths of a
share of Preferred Stock (or Common Stock and/or other securities, as the case
may be) upon the exercise of Rights. The Company shall not, however, be
required to pay any transfer tax which may be payable in respect of any
transfer or delivery of Rights Certificates to a Person other than, or the
issuance or delivery of a number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred
Stock (or Common Stock and/or other securities, as the case may be) in respect
of a name other than that of the registered holder of the Rights Certificates
evidencing Rights surrendered for exercise or to issue or deliver any
certificates for a number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock
(or Common Stock and/or other securities, as


                                      13
<PAGE>


the case may be) in a name other than that of the registered holder upon the
exercise of any Rights until such tax shall have been paid (any such tax being
payable by the holder of such Rights Certificates at the time of surrender) or
until it has been established to the Company's satisfaction that no such tax is
due.

         Section 10. Preferred Stock Record Date. Each person in whose name any
certificate for a number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock
(or Common Stock and/or other securities, as the case may be) is issued upon
the exercise of Rights shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the
holder of record of such fractional shares of Preferred Stock (or Common Stock
and/or other securities, as the case may be) represented thereby on, and such
certificate shall be dated, the date upon which the Rights Certificate
evidencing such Rights was duly surrendered and payment of the Purchase Price
(and all applicable transfer taxes) was made; provided, however, that if the
date of such surrender and payment is a date upon which the Preferred Stock (or
Common Stock and/or other securities, as the case may be) transfer books of the
Company are closed, such Person shall be deemed to have become the record
holder of such shares (fractional or otherwise) on, and such certificate shall
be dated, the next succeeding Business Day on which the Preferred Stock (or
Common Stock and/or other securities, as the case may be) transfer books of the
Company are open. Prior to the exercise of the Rights evidenced thereby, the
holder of a Rights Certificate shall not be entitled to any rights of a
shareholder of the Company with respect to shares for which the Rights shall be
exercisable, including, without limitation, the right to vote, to receive
dividends or other distributions or to exercise any preemptive rights, and
shall not be entitled to receive any notice of any proceedings of the Company,
except as provided herein.

         Section 11. Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number and Kind of Shares or
Number of Rights. The Purchase Price, the number and kind of shares covered by
each Right and the number of Rights outstanding are subject to adjustment from
time to time as provided in this Section 11.

               (a) (i) In the event the Company shall at any time after the
date of this Agreement (A) declare a dividend on the Preferred Stock payable in
shares of Preferred Stock, (B) subdivide the outstanding Preferred Stock, (C)
combine the outstanding Preferred Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (D)
issue any shares of its capital stock in a reclassification of the Preferred
Stock (including any such reclassification in connection with a consolidation
or merger in which the Company is the continuing or surviving corporation),
except as otherwise provided in this Section 11(a) and Section 7(e) hereof, the
Purchase Price in effect at the time of the record date for such dividend or of
the effective date of such subdivision, combination or reclassification, and
the number and kind of shares of Preferred Stock or capital stock, as the case
may be, issuable on such date, shall be proportionately adjusted so that the
holder of any Right exercised after such time shall be entitled to receive,
upon payment of the Purchase Price then in effect, the aggregate number and
kind of shares of Preferred Stock or capital stock, as the case may be, which,
if such Right had been exercised immediately prior to such date and at a time
when the Preferred Stock transfer books of the Company were open, such holder
would have owned upon such exercise and been


                                      14
<PAGE>


entitled to receive by virtue of such dividend, subdivision, combination or
reclassification. If an event occurs which would require an adjustment under
both this Section 11(a)(i) and Section 11(a)(ii) hereof, the adjustment
provided for in this Section 11(a)(i) shall be in addition to, and shall be
made prior to, any adjustment required pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof.

                    (ii) In the event any Person shall, at any time after the
     Rights Dividend Declaration Date, become an Acquiring Person, unless the
     event causing such Person to become an Acquiring Person is a transaction
     set forth in Section 13(a) hereof, or is an acquisition of shares of
     Common Stock pursuant to a tender offer or an exchange offer for all
     outstanding shares of Common Stock at a price and on terms determined by
     at least a majority of the members of the Board of Directors who are not
     officers of the Company and who are not representatives, nominees,
     Affiliates or Associates of an Acquiring Person, after receiving advice
     from one or more investment banking firms, to be (a) at a price which is
     fair to shareholders and not inadequate (taking into account all factors
     which such members of the Board deem relevant, including, without
     limitation, prices which could reasonably be achieved if the Company or
     its assets were sold on an orderly basis designed to realize maximum
     value) and (b) otherwise in the best interests of the Company and its
     shareholders (a "Qualified Offer"), then, promptly following the
     occurrence of such event, proper provision shall be made so that each
     holder of a Right (except as provided below and in Section 7(e) hereof)
     shall thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise thereof at the
     then current Purchase Price in accordance with the terms of this
     Agreement, in lieu of a number of one one-thousandths of a share of
     Preferred Stock, such number of shares of Common Stock of the Company as
     shall equal the result obtained by (x) multiplying the then current
     Purchase Price by the then number of one one-thousandths of a share of
     Preferred Stock for which a Right was exercisable immediately prior to the
     first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, and (y) dividing that
     product (which, following such first occurrence, shall thereafter be
     referred to as the Purchase Price for each Right and for all purposes of
     this Agreement) by 50% of the Current Market Price (determined pursuant to
     Section 11(d) hereof per share of Common Stock) on the date of such first
     occurrence (such number of shares, the "Adjustment Shares").

                    (iii) In the event that the number of shares of Common
     Stock which is authorized by the Company's articles of incorporation, but
     not outstanding or reserved for issuance for purposes other than upon
     exercise of the Rights, is not sufficient to permit the exercise in full
     of the Rights in accordance with the foregoing subparagraph (ii) of this
     Section 11(a) or the Company is prohibited by its articles of
     incorporation from issuing Common Stock upon the exercise of the Rights,
     the Company shall (A) determine the value of the Adjustment Shares
     issuable upon the exercise of a Right (the "Current Value"), and


                                      15
<PAGE>


     (B) with respect to each Right (subject to Section 7(e) hereof), make
     adequate provision to substitute for the Adjustment Shares, upon the
     exercise of a Right and payment of the applicable Purchase Price, (1)
     cash, (2) a reduction in the Purchase Price, (3) Common Stock or other
     equity securities of the Company (including, without limitation, shares,
     or units of shares, of preferred stock, such as the Preferred Stock, which
     the Board of Directors of the Company has deemed to have essentially the
     same value or economic rights as shares of Common Stock (such shares of
     preferred stock being referred to as "Common Stock Equivalents")), (4)
     debt securities of the Company, (5) other assets, or (6) any combination
     of the foregoing, having an aggregate value equal to the Current Value
     (less the amount of any reduction in the Purchase Price), where such
     aggregate value has been determined by the Board of Directors of the
     Company based upon the advice of a nationally recognized investment
     banking firm selected by the Board of Directors of the Company; provided,
     however, that if the Company shall not have made adequate provision to
     deliver value pursuant to clause (B) above within thirty (30) days
     following the later of (x) the first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii)
     Event and (y) the date on which the Company's right of redemption pursuant
     to Section 23(a) expires (the later of (x) and (y) being referred to
     herein as the "Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date"), then the Company shall be
     obligated to deliver, upon the surrender for exercise of a Right and
     without requiring payment of the Purchase Price, shares of Common Stock
     (to the extent available) and then, if necessary, of cash, which shares
     and/or cash have an aggregate value equal to the Spread. For purposes of
     the preceding sentence, the term "Spread" shall mean the excess of (i) the
     Current Value over (ii) the Purchase Price. If the Board determines in
     good faith that it is likely that sufficient additional shares of Common
     Stock could be authorized for issuance upon exercise in full of the
     Rights, the thirty (30) day period set forth above may be extended to the
     extent necessary, but not more than ninety (90) days after the Section
     11(a)(ii) Trigger Date, in order that the Company may seek shareholder
     approval for the authorization of such additional shares (such thirty (30)
     day period, as it may be extended, is herein called the "Substitution
     Period"). To the extent that the Company determines that action should be
     taken pursuant to the first and/or third sentences of this Section
     11(a)(iii), the Company (1) shall provide, subject to Section 7(e) hereof,
     that such action shall apply uniformly to all outstanding Rights, and (2)
     may suspend the exercisability of the Rights until the expiration of the
     Substitution Period in order to seek such shareholder approval for such
     authorization of additional shares and/or to decide the appropriate form
     of distribution to be made pursuant to such first sentence and to
     determine the value thereof. In the event of any such suspension, the
     Company shall issue a public announcement stating that the exercisability
     of the Rights has been temporarily suspended, as well as a public
     announcement at such time as the suspension is no longer in effect. For
     purposes of this Section 11(a)(iii),


                                      16
<PAGE>


     the value of each Adjustment Share shall be the Current Market Price per
     share of the Common Stock on the Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date and the
     per share or per unit value of any Common Stock Equivalent shall be deemed
     to equal the Current Market Price per share of the Common Stock on such
     date.

               (b) In case the Company shall fix a record date for the issuance
of rights, options or warrants to all holders of Preferred Stock entitling them
to subscribe for or purchase (for a period expiring within forty five (45)
calendar days after such record date) Preferred Stock (or shares having the
same rights, privileges and preferences as the shares of Preferred Stock
("Equivalent Preferred Stock")) or securities convertible into Preferred Stock
or Equivalent Preferred Stock at a price per share of Preferred Stock or per
share of Equivalent Preferred Stock (or having a conversion price per share, if
a security convertible into Preferred Stock or Equivalent Preferred Stock) less
than the Current Market Price (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof)
per share of Preferred Stock on such record date, the Purchase Price to be in
effect after such record date shall be determined by multiplying the Purchase
Price in effect immediately prior to such record date by a fraction, the
numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding
on such record date, plus the number of shares of Preferred Stock which the
aggregate offering price of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock
and/or Equivalent Preferred Stock so to be offered (and/or the aggregate
initial conversion price of the convertible securities so to be offered) would
purchase at such Current Market Price, and the denominator of which shall be
the number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding on such record date, plus
the number of additional shares of Preferred Stock and/or Equivalent Preferred
Stock to be offered for subscription or purchase (or into which the convertible
securities so to be offered are initially convertible). In case such
subscription price may be paid by delivery of consideration, part or all of
which may be in a form other than cash, the value of such consideration shall
be as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose
determination shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent and
shall be binding on the Rights Agent and the holders of the Rights. Shares of
Preferred Stock owned by or held for the account of the Company shall not be
deemed outstanding for the purpose of any such computation. Such adjustment
shall be made successively whenever such a record date is fixed, and in the
event that such rights or warrants are not so issued, the Purchase Price shall
be adjusted to be the Purchase Price which would then be in effect if such
record date had not been fixed.

               (c) In case the Company shall fix a record date for a
distribution to all holders of Preferred Stock (including any such distribution
made in connection with a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the
continuing corporation), cash (other than a regular quarterly cash dividend out
of the earnings or retained earnings of the Company), assets (other than a
dividend payable in Preferred Stock, but including any dividend payable in
stock other than Preferred Stock) or evidences of indebtedness, or of
subscription rights or warrants (excluding those referred to in Section 11(b)
hereof), the Purchase Price to be in effect after such record date shall be
determined by multiplying the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to
such record date by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the Current
Market Price (as determined pursuant to Section


                                      17
<PAGE>


11(d) hereof) per share of Preferred Stock on such record date, less the fair
market value (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the
Company, whose determination shall be described in a statement filed with the
Rights Agent) of the portion of the cash, assets or evidences of indebtedness
so to be distributed or of such subscription rights or warrants applicable to a
share of Preferred Stock, and the denominator of which shall be such Current
Market Price (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) per share of
Preferred Stock. Such adjustments shall be made successively whenever such a
record date is fixed, and in the event that such distribution is not so made,
the Purchase Price shall be adjusted to be the Purchase Price which would have
been in effect if such record date had not been fixed.

               (d) (i) For the purpose of any computation hereunder, other than
computations made pursuant to Section 11(a)(iii) hereof, the Current Market
Price per share of Common Stock on any date shall be deemed to be the average
of the daily closing prices per share of such Common Stock for the thirty (30)
consecutive Trading Days immediately prior to such date, and for purposes of
computations made pursuant to Section 11(a)(iii) hereof, the Current Market
Price per share of Common Stock on any date shall be deemed to be the average
of the daily closing prices per share of such Common Stock for the ten (10)
consecutive Trading Days immediately following such date; provided, however,
that in the event that the Current Market Price per share of the Common Stock
is determined during a period following the announcement by the issuer of such
Common Stock of (A) a dividend or distribution on such Common Stock payable in
shares of such Common Stock or securities convertible into shares of such
Common Stock (other than the Rights), or (B) any subdivision, combination or
reclassification of such Common Stock, and the ex dividend date for such
dividend or distribution, or the record date for such subdivision, combination
or reclassification shall not have occurred prior to the commencement of the
requisite thirty (30) Trading Day or ten (10) Trading Day period, as set forth
above, then, and in each such case, the Current Market Price shall be properly
adjusted to take into account ex dividend trading. The closing price for each
day shall be the last sale price, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes
place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular
way, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated transaction
reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on
the New York Stock Exchange or, if the shares of Common Stock are not listed or
admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange, as reported in the
principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities
listed on the principal national securities exchange on which the shares of
Common Stock are listed or admitted to trading or, if the shares of Common
Stock are not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities
exchange, the last quoted price or, if not so quoted, the average of the high
bid and low asked prices in the over the counter market, as reported by the
National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System
("NASDAQ") or such other system then in use, or, if on any such date the shares
of Common Stock are not quoted by any such organization, the average of the
closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making
a market in the Common Stock selected by the Board of Directors of the Company.
If on any such date no market maker is making a market in the Common Stock, the
fair value of such shares on such date as determined in good faith by the Board
of Directors of the Company shall be used. The term "Trading Day" shall mean a
day on which the


                                      18
<PAGE>


principal national securities exchange on which the shares of Common
Stock are listed or admitted to trading is open for the transaction of
business or, if the shares of Common Stock are not listed or admitted to
trading on any national securities exchange, a Business Day. If the Common
Stock is not publicly held or not so listed or traded, Current Market Price per
share shall mean the fair value per share as determined in good faith by the
Board of Directors of the Company, whose determination shall be described in a
statement filed with the Rights Agent and shall be conclusive for all purposes.

                    (ii) For the purpose of any computation hereunder, the
     Current Market Price per share of Preferred Stock shall be determined in
     the same manner as set forth above for the Common Stock in clause (i) of
     this Section 11(d) (other than the last sentence thereof). If the Current
     Market Price per share of Preferred Stock cannot be determined in the
     manner provided above or if the Preferred Stock is not publicly held or
     listed or traded in a manner described in clause (i) of this Section
     11(d), the Current Market Price per share of Preferred Stock shall be
     conclusively deemed to be an amount equal to 1,000 (as such number may be
     appropriately adjusted for such events as stock splits, stock dividends
     and recapitalizations with respect to the Common Stock occurring after the
     date of this Agreement) multiplied by the Current Market Price per share
     of the Common Stock. If neither the Common Stock nor the Preferred Stock
     is publicly held or so listed or traded, Current Market Price per share of
     the Preferred Stock shall mean the fair value per share as determined in
     good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose determination
     shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent and shall be
     conclusive for all purposes.

               (e) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, no
adjustment in the Purchase Price shall be required unless such adjustment would
require an increase or decrease of at least one percent (1%) in the Purchase
Price; provided, however, that any adjustments which by reason of this Section
11(e) are not required to be made shall be carried forward and taken into
account in any subsequent adjustment. All calculations under this Section 11
shall be made to the nearest cent or to the nearest ten thousandth of a share
of Common Stock or other share or one millionth of a share of Preferred Stock,
as the case may be. Notwithstanding the first sentence of this Section 11(e),
any adjustment required by this Section 11 shall be made no later than the
earlier of (i) three (3) years from the date of the transaction which mandates
such adjustment, or (ii) the Expiration Date.

               (f) If as a result of an adjustment made pursuant to Section
11(a)(ii) or Section 13(a) hereof, the holder of any Right thereafter exercised
shall become entitled to receive any shares of capital stock other than
Preferred Stock, thereafter the number of such other shares so receivable upon
exercise of any Right and the Purchase Price thereof shall be subject to
adjustment from time to time in a manner and on terms as nearly equivalent as
practicable to the provisions with respect to the Preferred Stock contained in
Sections 11(a), (b), (c), (e), (g), (h), (i), (j), (k) and (m), and


                                      19
<PAGE>


the
provisions of Sections 7, 9, 10, 13 and 14 hereof with respect to the Preferred
Stock shall apply on like terms to any such other shares.

               (g) All Rights originally issued by the Company subsequent to
any adjustment made to the Purchase Price hereunder shall evidence the right to
purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price, the number of one one-thousandths of
a share of Preferred Stock purchasable from time to time hereunder upon
exercise of the Rights, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein.

               (h) Unless the Company shall have exercised its election as
provided in Section 11(i), upon each adjustment of the Purchase Price as a
result of the calculations made in Sections 11(b) and (c), each Right
outstanding immediately prior to the making of such adjustment shall thereafter
evidence the right to purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price, that number of
one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock (calculated to the nearest
one millionth) obtained by (i) multiplying (x) the number of one
one-thousandths of a share covered by a Right immediately prior to this
adjustment, by (y) the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such
adjustment of the Purchase Price, and (ii) dividing the product so obtained by
the Purchase Price in effect immediately after such adjustment of the Purchase
Price.

               (i) The Company may elect on or after the date of any adjustment
of the Purchase Price to adjust the number of Rights, in lieu of any adjustment
in the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock purchasable
upon the exercise of a Right. Each of the Rights outstanding after the
adjustment in the number of Rights shall be exercisable for the number of one
one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock for which a Right was exercisable
immediately prior to such adjustment. Each Right held of record prior to such
adjustment of the number of Rights shall become that number of Rights
(calculated to the nearest one ten-thousandth) obtained by dividing the
Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to adjustment of the Purchase Price
by the Purchase Price in effect immediately after adjustment of the Purchase
Price. The Company shall make a public announcement of its election to adjust
the number of Rights, indicating the record date for the adjustment, and, if
known at the time, the amount of the adjustment to be made. This record date
may be the date on which the Purchase Price is adjusted or any day thereafter,
but, if the Rights Certificates have been issued, shall be at least ten (10)
days later than the date of the public announcement. If Rights Certificates
have been issued, upon each adjustment of the number of Rights pursuant to this
Section 11(i), the Company shall, as promptly as practicable, cause to be
distributed to holders of record of Rights Certificates on such record date
Rights Certificates evidencing, subject to Section 14 hereof, the additional
Rights to which such holders shall be entitled as a result of such adjustment,
or, at the option of the Company, shall cause to be distributed to such holders
of record in substitution and replacement for the Rights Certificates held by
such holders prior to the date of adjustment, and upon surrender thereof, if
required by the Company, new Rights Certificates evidencing all the Rights to
which such holders shall be entitled after such adjustment. Rights Certificates
so to be distributed shall be issued, executed and countersigned in the manner
provided for herein (and may bear, at the option of the Company, the adjusted
Purchase Price) and


                                      20
<PAGE>


shall be registered in the names of the holders of record of Rights Certificates
on the record date specified in the public announcement.

               (j) Irrespective of any adjustment or change in the Purchase
Price or the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock
issuable upon the exercise of the Rights, the Rights Certificates theretofore
and thereafter issued may continue to express the Purchase Price per one
one-thousandth of a share and the number of one one-thousandth of a share which
were expressed in the initial Rights Certificates issued hereunder.

               (k) Before taking any action that would cause an adjustment
reducing the Purchase Price below the then stated value, if any, of the number
of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise of
the Rights, the Company shall take any corporate action which may, in the
opinion of its counsel, be necessary in order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable such number of one one-thousandths
of a share of Preferred Stock at such adjusted Purchase Price.

               (l) In any case in which this Section 11 shall require that an
adjustment in the Purchase Price be made effective as of a record date for a
specified event, the Company may elect to defer until the occurrence of such
event the issuance to the holder of any Right exercised after such record date
the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock and other
capital stock or securities of the Company, if any, issuable upon such exercise
over and above the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock
and other capital stock or securities of the Company, if any, issuable upon
such exercise on the basis of the Purchase Price in effect prior to such
adjustment; provided, however, that the Company shall deliver to such holder a
due bill or other appropriate instrument evidencing such holder's right to
receive such additional shares (fractional or otherwise) or securities upon the
occurrence of the event requiring such adjustment.

               (m) Anything in this Section 11 to the contrary notwithstanding,
the Company shall be entitled to make such reductions in the Purchase Price, in
addition to those adjustments expressly required by this Section 11, as and to
the extent that in their good faith judgment the Board of Directors of the
Company shall determine to be advisable in order that any (i) consolidation or
subdivision of the Preferred Stock, (ii) issuance wholly for cash of any shares
of Preferred Stock at less than the Current Market Price, (iii) issuance wholly
for cash of shares of Preferred Stock or securities which by their terms are
convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Preferred Stock, (iv) stock
dividends or (v) issuance of rights, options or warrants referred to in this
Section 11, hereafter made by the Company to holders of its Preferred Stock
shall not be taxable to such shareholders.

               (n) The Company covenants and agrees that it shall not, at any
time after the Distribution Date, (i) consolidate with any other Person (other
than a Subsidiary of the Company in a


                                      21
<PAGE>


transaction which complies with Section 11(o) hereof), (ii) merge with or into
any other Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company in a transaction which
complies with Section 11(o) hereof), or (iii) sell or transfer (or permit any
Subsidiary to sell or transfer), in one transaction, or a series of related
transactions, assets, cash flow or earning power aggregating more than 50% of
the assets, cash flow or earning power of the Company and its Subsidiaries
(taken as a whole) to any other Person or Persons (other than the Company
and/or any of its Subsidiaries in one or more transactions each of which
complies with Section 11(o) hereof), if (x) at the time of or immediately after
such consolidation, merger or sale there are any rights, warrants or other
instruments or securities outstanding or agreements in effect which would
substantially diminish or otherwise eliminate the benefits intended to be
afforded by the Rights or (y) prior to, simultaneously with or immediately
after such consolidation, merger or sale, the shareholders of the Person who
constitutes, or would constitute, the "Principal Party" for purposes of Section
13(a) hereof shall have received a distribution of Rights previously owned by
such Person or any of its Affiliates and Associates.

               (o) The Company covenants and agrees that, after the
Distribution Date, it will not, except as permitted by Section 23, Section 24
or Section 27 hereof, take (or permit any Subsidiary to take) any action if at
the time such action is taken it is reasonably foreseeable that such action
will diminish substantially or otherwise eliminate the benefits intended to be
afforded by the Rights.

               (p) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding,
in the event that the Company shall at any time after the Rights Dividend
Declaration Date and prior to the Distribution Date (i) declare a dividend on
the outstanding shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii)
subdivide the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (iii) combine the
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the number
of Rights associated with each share of Common Stock then outstanding, or
issued or delivered thereafter but prior to the Distribution Date, shall be
proportionately adjusted so that the number of Rights thereafter associated
with each share of Common Stock following any such event shall equal the result
obtained by multiplying the number of Rights associated with each share of
Common Stock immediately prior to such event by a fraction the numerator which
shall be the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to the occurrence of the event and the denominator of which shall be the
total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately following the
occurrence of such event.

         Section 12. Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price or Number of
Shares. Whenever an adjustment is made as provided in Section 11 and Section 13
hereof, the Company shall (a) promptly prepare a certificate setting forth such
adjustment and a brief statement of the facts accounting for such adjustment,
(b) promptly file with the Rights Agent, and with each transfer agent for the
Preferred Stock and the Common Stock, a copy of such certificate and (c) if a
Distribution Date has occurred, mail a brief summary thereof to each holder of
a Rights Certificate (or, if prior to the Distribution Date, to each holder of
a certificate representing shares of Common Stock) in accordance with Section
25 hereof. The Rights Agent shall be fully protected in relying on any such
certificate and on any adjustment therein contained.



                                      22
<PAGE>


         Section 13. Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer of Assets, Cash
Flow or Earning Power.

               (a) In the event that, following the Stock Acquisition Date,
directly or indirectly, (x) the Company shall consolidate with, or merge with
and into, any other Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company in a
transaction which complies with Section 11(o) hereof), and the Company shall
not be the continuing or surviving corporation of such consolidation or merger,
(y) any Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company in a transaction which
complies with Section 11(o) hereof) shall consolidate with, or merge with or
into, the Company, and the Company shall be the continuing or surviving
corporation of such consolidation or merger and, in connection with such
consolidation or merger, all or part of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
shall be changed into or exchanged for stock or other securities of any other
Person or cash or any other property, or (z) the Company shall sell or
otherwise transfer (or one or more of its Subsidiaries shall sell or otherwise
transfer), in one transaction or a series of related transactions, assets, cash
flow or earning power aggregating more than 50% of the assets, cash flow or
earning power of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to any
Person or Persons (other than the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company in
one or more transactions each of which complies with Section 11(o) hereof),
then, and in each such case (except as may be contemplated by Section 13(d)
hereof), proper provision shall be made so that: (i) each holder of a Right,
except as provided in Section 7(e) hereof, shall thereafter have the right to
receive, upon the exercise thereof at the then current Purchase Price in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such number of validly authorized
and issued, fully paid, non assessable and freely tradeable shares of Common
Stock of the Principal Party (as such term is hereinafter defined), not subject
to any liens, encumbrances, rights of first refusal or other adverse claims, as
shall be equal to the result obtained by (1) multiplying the then current
Purchase Price by the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred
Stock for which a Right is exercisable immediately prior to the first
occurrence of a Section 13 Event (or, if a Section 11(a)(ii) Event has occurred
prior to the first occurrence of a Section 13 Event, multiplying the number of
such one one-thousandths of a share for which a Right was exercisable
immediately prior to the first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event by the
Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such first occurrence of a
Section 11(a)(ii) Event), and (2) dividing that product (which, following the
first occurrence of a Section 13 Event, shall be referred to as the "Purchase
Price" for each Right and for all purposes of this Agreement) by 50% of the
Current Market Price (determined pursuant to Section 11(d)(i) hereof) per share
of the Common Stock of such Principal Party on the date of consummation of such
Section 13 Event; (ii) such Principal Party shall thereafter be liable for, and
shall assume, by virtue of such Section 13 Event, all the obligations and
duties of the Company pursuant to this Agreement; (iii) the term "Company"
shall thereafter be deemed to refer to such Principal Party, it being
specifically intended that the provisions of Section 11 hereof shall apply only
to such Principal Party following the first occurrence of a Section 13 Event;
(iv) such Principal Party shall take such steps (including, but not limited to,
the reservation of a sufficient number of shares of its Common Stock) in
connection with the consummation of any such transaction as may be necessary to
assure that the provisions hereof shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as
reasonably may be, in relation to its shares of Common Stock thereafter
deliverable upon


                                      23
<PAGE>


the exercise of the Rights; and (v) the provisions of Section 11(a)(ii) hereof
shall be of no effect following the first occurrence of any Section 13 Event.

               (b) "Principal Party" shall mean:

                    (i) in the case of any transaction described in clause (x)
     or (y) of the first sentence of Section 13(a), the Person that is the
     issuer of any securities into which shares of Common Stock of the Company
     are converted in such merger or consolidation, and if no securities are so
     issued, the Person that is the other party to such merger or
     consolidation; and

                    (ii) in the case of any transaction described in clause (z)
     of the first sentence of Section 13(a), the Person that is the party
     receiving the greatest portion of the assets, cash flow or earning power
     transferred pursuant to such transaction or transactions;

provided, however, that in any such case, (1) if the Common Stock of such
Person is not at such time and has not been continuously over the preceding
twelve (12) month period registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, and
such Person is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of another Person the Common
Stock of which is and has been so registered, "Principal Party" shall refer to
such other Person; and (2) in case such Person is a Subsidiary, directly or
indirectly, of more than one Person, the Common Stock of two or more of which
are and have been so registered, "Principal Party" shall refer to whichever of
such Persons is the issuer of the Common Stock having the greatest aggregate
market value.

               (c) The Company shall not consummate any such consolidation,
merger, sale or transfer unless the Principal Party shall have a sufficient
number of authorized shares of its Common Stock which have not been issued or
reserved for issuance to permit the exercise in full of the Rights in
accordance with this Section 13 and unless prior thereto the Company and such
Principal Party shall have executed and delivered to the Rights Agent a
supplemental agreement providing for the terms set forth in paragraphs (a) and
(b) of this Section 13 and further providing that, as soon as practicable after
the date of any consolidation, merger or sale of assets mentioned in paragraph
(a) of this Section 13, the Principal Party will

                    (i) prepare and file a registration statement under the
     Act, with respect to the Rights and the securities purchasable upon
     exercise of the Rights on an appropriate form, and will use its best
     efforts to cause such registration statement to (A) become effective as
     soon as practicable after such filing and (B) remain effective (with a
     prospectus at all times meeting the requirements of the Act) until the
     Expiration Date; and

                    (ii) take all such other action as may be necessary to
     enable the Principal Party to issue the securities purchasable upon
     exercise of the Rights, including but not limited to the registration or


                                      24
<PAGE>


     qualification of such securities under all requisite securities laws of
     jurisdictions of the various states and the listing of such securities on
     such exchanges and trading markets as may be necessary or appropriate; and

                    (iii) will deliver to holders of the Rights historical
     financial statements for the Principal Party and each of its Affiliates,
     which comply in all respects with the requirements for registration on
     Form 10 under the Exchange Act.

         The provisions of this Section 13 shall similarly apply to
successive mergers or consolidations or sales or other transfers. In the event
that a Section 13 Event shall occur at any time after the occurrence of a
Section 11(a)(ii) Event, the Rights which have not theretofore been exercised
shall thereafter become exercisable in the manner described in Section 13(a).

               (d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
Section 13 shall not be applicable to a transaction described in subparagraphs
(x) and (y) of Section 13(a) if (i) such transaction is consummated with a
Person or Persons who acquired shares of Common Stock pursuant to a tender
offer or exchange offer for all outstanding shares of Common Stock which is a
Qualified Offer as such term is defined in Section 11(a)(ii) hereof (or a
wholly owned subsidiary of any such Person or Persons), (ii) the price per
share of Common Stock offered in such transaction is not less than the price
per share of Common Stock paid to all holders of shares of Common Stock whose
shares were purchased pursuant to such tender offer or exchange offer and (iii)
the form of consideration being offered to the remaining holders of shares of
Common Stock pursuant to such transaction is the same as the form of
consideration paid pursuant to such tender offer or exchange offer. Upon
consummation of any such transaction contemplated by this Section 13(d), all
Rights hereunder shall expire.

         Section 14. Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares.

               (a) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of
Rights, except prior to the Distribution Date as provided in Section 11(p)
hereof, or to distribute Rights Certificates which evidence fractional Rights.
In lieu of such fractional Rights, the Company shall pay to the registered
holders of the Rights Certificates with regard to which such fractional Rights
would otherwise be issuable, an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of
the current market value of a whole Right. For purposes of this Section 14(a),
the current market value of a whole Right shall be the closing price of the
Rights for the Trading Day immediately prior to the date on which such
fractional Rights would have been otherwise issuable. The closing price of the
Rights for any day shall be the last sale price, regular way, or, in case no
such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked
prices, regular way, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated
transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to
trading on the New York Stock Exchange or, if the Rights are not listed or
admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange, as reported in the
principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities
listed on the principal national securities exchange on which the Rights are
listed or admitted to trading, or if


                                      25
<PAGE>


the Rights are not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities
exchange, the last quoted price or, if not so quoted, the average of the high
bid and low asked prices in the over the counter market, as reported by NASDAQ
or such other system then in use or, if on any such date the Rights are not
quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing bid and asked
prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in the
Rights, selected by the Board of Directors of the Company. If on any such date
no such market maker is making a market in the Rights, the fair value of the
Rights on such date as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of
the Company shall be used.

               (b) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of
shares of Preferred Stock (other than fractions which are integral multiples of
one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock) upon exercise of the Rights
or to distribute certificates which evidence fractional shares of Preferred
Stock (other than fractions which are integral multiples of one one-thousandth
of a share of Preferred Stock). In lieu of fractional shares of Preferred Stock
that are not integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred
Stock, the Company may pay to the registered holders of Rights Certificates at
the time such Rights are exercised as herein provided an amount in cash equal
to the same fraction of the current market value of one one-thousandth of a
share of Preferred Stock. For purposes of this Section 14(b), the current
market value of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock shall be one
one-thousandth of the closing price of a share of Preferred Stock (as
determined pursuant to Section 11(d)(ii) hereof) for the Trading Day
immediately prior to the date of such exercise.

               (c) Following the occurrence of a Triggering Event, the Company
shall not be required to issue fractions of shares of Common Stock upon
exercise of the Rights or to distribute certificates which evidence fractional
shares of Common Stock. In lieu of fractional shares of Common Stock, the
Company may pay to the registered holders of Rights Certificates at the time
such Rights are exercised as herein provided an amount in cash equal to the
same fraction of the current market value of one (1) share of Common Stock. For
purposes of this Section 14(c), the current market value of one share of Common
Stock shall be the closing price per share of Common Stock (as determined
pursuant to Section 11(d)(i) hereof) on the Trading Day immediately prior to
the date of such exercise.

               (d) The holder of a Right by the acceptance of the Rights
expressly waives his right to receive any fractional Rights or any fractional
shares upon exercise of a Right, except as permitted by this Section 14.

         Section 15. Rights of Action. All rights of action in respect of this
Agreement are vested in the respective registered holders of the Rights
Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the registered holders of
the Common Stock); and any registered holder of any Rights Certificate (or,
prior to the Distribution Date, of the Common Stock), without the consent of
the Rights Agent or of the holder of any other Rights Certificate (or, prior to
the Distribution Date, of the Common Stock), may, in his own behalf and for his
own benefit, enforce, and may institute and maintain any suit, action or
proceeding against the Company to enforce, or otherwise act in respect of, his


                                      26
<PAGE>

right to exercise the Rights evidenced by such Rights Certificate in the manner
provided in such Rights Certificate and in this Agreement. Without limiting the
foregoing or any remedies available to the holders of Rights, it is
specifically acknowledged that the holders of Rights would not have an adequate
remedy at law for any breach of this Agreement and shall be entitled to
specific performance of the obligations hereunder and injunctive relief against
actual or threatened violations of the obligations hereunder of any Person
subject to this Agreement.

         Section 16. Agreement of Rights Holders. Every holder of a Right by
accepting the same consents and agrees with the Company and the Rights Agent
and with every other holder of a Right that:

               (a) prior to the Distribution Date, the Rights will be
transferable only in connection with the transfer of Common Stock;

               (b) after the Distribution Date, the Rights Certificates are
transferable only on the registry books of the Rights Agent if surrendered at
the principal office or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such
purposes, duly endorsed or accompanied by a proper instrument of transfer and
with the appropriate forms and certificates fully executed;

               (c) subject to Section 6(a) and Section 7(f) hereof, the Company
and the Rights Agent may deem and treat the person in whose name a Rights
Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, the associated Common Stock
certificate or, in the case of uncertificated shares, the associated balance
indicated in the book-entry account system of the transfer agent for the Common
Stock) is registered as the absolute owner thereof and of the Rights evidenced
thereby (notwithstanding any notations of ownership or writing on the Rights
Certificates or the associated Common Stock certificate or, in the case of
uncertificated shares, the associated balance indicated in the book-entry
account system of the transfer agent for the Common Stock, made by anyone other
than the Company or the Rights Agent) for all purposes whatsoever, and neither
the Company nor the Rights Agent, subject to the last sentence of Section 7(e)
hereof, shall be required to be affected by any notice to the contrary; and

               (d) notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall have any liability to any holder
of a Right or other Person as a result of its inability to perform any of its
obligations under this Agreement by reason of any preliminary or permanent
injunction or other order, decree or ruling issued by a court of competent
jurisdiction or by a governmental, regulatory or administrative agency or
commission, or any statute, rule, regulation or executive order promulgated or
enacted by any governmental authority, prohibiting or otherwise restraining
performance of such obligation; provided, however, the Company must use its
best efforts to have any such order, decree or ruling lifted or otherwise
overturned as soon as possible.

         Section 17. Rights Certificate Holder Not Deemed a Shareholder. No
holder, as such, of any Rights Certificate shall be entitled to vote, receive
dividends or be


                                      27
<PAGE>


deemed for any purpose the holder of the number of one one-thousandths of a
share of Preferred Stock or any other securities of the Company which may at
any time be issuable on the exercise of the Rights represented thereby, nor
shall anything contained herein or in any Rights Certificate be construed to
confer upon the holder of any Rights Certificate, as such, any of the rights of
a shareholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors
or upon any matter submitted to shareholders at any meeting thereof, or to give
or withhold consent to any corporate action, or to receive notice of meetings
or other actions affecting shareholders (except as provided in Section 25
hereof), or to receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, until
the Right or Rights evidenced by such Rights Certificate shall have been
exercised in accordance with the provisions hereof.

         Section 18. Concerning the Rights Agent.

               (a) The Company agrees to pay to the Rights Agent reasonable
compensation for all services rendered by it hereunder and, from time to time,
on demand of the Rights Agent, its reasonable expenses and counsel fees and
disbursements and other disbursements incurred in the administration and
execution of this Agreement and the exercise and performance of its duties
hereunder. The Company also agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent for, and to
hold it harmless against, any loss, liability, or expense, incurred without
gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the Rights
Agent, for anything done or omitted by the Rights Agent in connection with the
acceptance and administration of this Agreement, including the costs and
expenses of defending against any claim of liability in the premises.

               (b) The Rights Agent shall be protected and shall incur no
liability for or in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in
connection with its administration of this Agreement in reliance upon any
Rights Certificate or certificate for Common Stock or, in the case of
uncertificated shares, the associated balance indicated in the book-entry
account system of the transfer agent for the Common Stock, or for other
securities of the Company, instrument of assignment or transfer, power of
attorney, endorsement, affidavit, letter, notice, direction, consent,
certificate, statement, or other paper or document believed by it in good faith
to be genuine and to be signed, executed and, where necessary, verified or
acknowledged, by the proper Person or Persons.

         Section 19. Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of Rights Agent.

               (a) Any corporation into which the Rights Agent or any successor
Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any
corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Rights
Agent or any successor Rights Agent shall be a party, or any legal business
entity succeeding to the corporate trust, stock transfer or other shareholder
services business of the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent, shall be
the successor to the Rights Agent under this Agreement without the execution or
filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties
hereto; but only if such legal business entity would be eligible for


                                      28
<PAGE>


appointment as a successor Rights Agent under the provisions of Section 21
hereof. In case at the time such successor Rights Agent shall succeed to the
agency created by this Agreement, any of the Rights Certificates shall have
been countersigned but not delivered, any such successor Rights Agent may adopt
the countersignature of a predecessor Rights Agent and deliver such Rights
Certificates so countersigned; and in case at that time any of the Rights
Certificates shall not have been countersigned, any successor Rights Agent may
countersign such Rights Certificates either in the name of the predecessor or
in the name of the successor Rights Agent; and in all such cases such Rights
Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Rights Certificates and
in this Agreement.

               (b) In case at any time the name of the Rights Agent shall be
changed and at such time any of the Rights Certificates shall have been
countersigned but not delivered, the Rights Agent may adopt the
countersignature under its prior name and deliver Rights Certificates so
countersigned; and in case at that time any of the Rights Certificates shall
not have been countersigned, the Rights Agent may countersign such Rights
Certificates either in its prior name or in its changed name; and in all such
cases such Rights Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Rights
Certificates and in this Agreement.

         Section 20. Duties of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent undertakes
the duties and obligations imposed by this Agreement upon the following terms
and conditions, by all of which the Company and the holders of Rights
Certificates, by their acceptance thereof, shall be bound:

               (a) The Rights Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be
legal counsel for the Company), and the opinion of such counsel shall be full
and complete authorization and protection to the Rights Agent as to any action
taken or omitted by it in good faith and in accordance with such opinion.

               (b) Whenever in the performance of its duties under this
Agreement the Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact
or matter (including, without limitation, the identity of any Acquiring Person
and the determination of Current Market Price) be proved or established by the
Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter
(unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed)
may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a certificate signed
by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any
Vice President, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or any
Assistant Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Rights Agent; and such
certificate shall be full authorization to the Rights Agent for any action
taken or suffered in good faith by it under the provisions of this Agreement in
reliance upon such certificate.

               (c) The Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own
gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.



                                      29
<PAGE>


               (d) The Rights Agent shall not be liable for or by reason of any
of the statements of fact or recitals contained in this Agreement or in the
Rights Certificates or be required to verify the same (except as to its
countersignature on such Rights Certificates), but all such statements and
recitals are and shall be deemed to have been made by the Company only.

               (e) The Rights Agent shall not be under any responsibility in
respect of the validity of this Agreement or the execution and delivery hereof
(except the due execution hereof by the Rights Agent) or in respect of the
validity or execution of any Rights Certificate (except its countersignature
thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any
covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Rights Certificate;
nor shall it be responsible for any adjustment required under the provisions of
Section 11, Section 13 or Section 24 hereof or responsible for the manner,
method or amount of any such adjustment or the ascertaining of the existence of
facts that would require any such adjustment (except with respect to the
exercise of Rights evidenced by Rights Certificates after actual notice of any
such adjustment); nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any
representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any shares
of Common Stock or Preferred Stock to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or
any Rights Certificate or as to whether any shares of Common Stock or Preferred
Stock will, when so issued, be validly authorized and issued, fully paid and
nonassessable.

               (f) The Company agrees that it will perform, execute,
acknowledge and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged and
delivered all such further and other acts, instruments and assurances as may
reasonably be required by the Rights Agent for the carrying out or performing
by the Rights Agent of the provisions of this Agreement.

               (g) The Rights Agent is hereby authorized and directed to accept
instructions with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder from the
Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Vice
President, the Secretary, any Assistant Secretary, the Treasurer or any
Assistant Treasurer of the Company, and to apply to such officers for advice or
instructions in connection with its duties, and it shall not be liable for any
action taken or suffered to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with
instructions of any such officer.

               (h) The Rights Agent and any shareholder, director, officer or
employee of the Rights Agent may buy, sell or deal in any of the Rights or
other securities of the Company or become pecuniarily interested in any
transaction in which the Company may be interested, or contract with or lend
money to the Company or otherwise act as fully and freely as though it were not
Rights Agent under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude the Rights
Agent from acting in any other capacity for the Company or for any other legal
entity.

               (i) The Rights Agent may execute and exercise any of the rights
or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either itself or by
or through its attorneys or agents, and the Rights Agent shall not be
answerable or accountable for


                                      30
<PAGE>


any act, default, neglect or misconduct of any such attorneys or agents or for
any loss to the Company resulting from any such act, default, neglect or
misconduct; provided, however, reasonable care was exercised in the selection
and continued employment thereof.

               (j) No provision of this Agreement shall require the Rights
Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial
liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise
of its rights if there shall be reasonable grounds for believing that repayment
of such funds or adequate indemnification against such risk or liability is not
reasonably assured to it.

               (k) If, with respect to any Rights Certificate surrendered to
the Rights Agent for exercise or transfer, the certificate attached to the form
of assignment or form of election to purchase, as the case may be, has either
not been completed or indicates an affirmative response to clause 1 and/or 2
thereof, the Rights Agent shall not take any further action with respect to
such requested exercise or transfer without first consulting with the Company.

         Section 21. Change of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent or any successor
Rights Agent may resign and be discharged from its duties under this Agreement
upon thirty (30) days' notice in writing mailed to the Company, and to each
transfer agent of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock, by registered or
certified mail, and, if such resignation occurs after the Distribution Date, to
the registered holders of the Rights Certificates by first class mail. In the
event the transfer agency relationship in effect between the Company and the
Rights Agent terminates, the Rights Agent will be deemed to resign
automatically on the effective date of such termination; and any required
notice will be sent by the Company. The Company may remove the Rights Agent or
any successor Rights Agent upon thirty (30) days' notice in writing, mailed to
the Rights Agent or successor Rights Agent, as the case may be, and to each
transfer agent of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock, by registered or
certified mail, and, if such removal occurs after the Distribution Date, to the
holders of the Rights Certificates by first class mail. If the Rights Agent
shall resign or be removed or shall otherwise become incapable of acting, the
Company shall appoint a successor to the Rights Agent. If the Company shall
fail to make such appointment within a period of thirty (30) days after giving
notice of such removal or after it has been notified in writing of such
resignation or incapacity by the resigning or incapacitated Rights Agent or by
the holder of a Rights Certificate (who shall, with such notice, submit his
Rights Certificate for inspection by the Company), then any registered holder
of any Rights Certificate may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for
the appointment of a new Rights Agent. Any successor Rights Agent, whether
appointed by the Company or by such a court, shall be (a) a legal business
entity organized and doing business under the laws of the United States or of
the State of New York or of any other state of the United States, in good
standing, having an office in the State of New York, which is authorized under
such laws to exercise corporate trust, stock transfer or shareholder services
powers and which has at the time of its appointment as Rights Agent a combined
capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 or (b) an affiliate of a legal
business entity described in clause (a) of this sentence. After appointment,
the successor Rights Agent shall be vested with the same powers, rights,


                                      31
<PAGE>

duties and responsibilities as if it had been originally named as Rights Agent
without further act or deed; but the predecessor Rights Agent shall deliver and
transfer to the successor Rights Agent any property at the time held by it
hereunder, and execute and deliver any further assurance, conveyance, act or
deed necessary for the purpose. Not later than the effective date of any such
appointment, the Company shall file notice thereof in writing with the
predecessor Rights Agent and each transfer agent of the Common Stock and the
Preferred Stock, and, if such appointment occurs after the Distribution Date,
mail a notice thereof in writing to the registered holders of the Rights
Certificates. Failure to give any notice provided for in this Section 21,
however, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of
the resignation or removal of the Rights Agent or the appointment of the
successor Rights Agent, as the case may be.

         Section 22. Issuance of New Rights Certificates. Notwithstanding any
of the provisions of this Agreement or of the Rights to the contrary, the
Company may, at its option, issue new Rights Certificates evidencing Rights in
such form as may be approved by the Board of Directors to reflect any
adjustment or change in the Purchase Price and the number or kind or class of
shares or other securities or property purchasable under the Rights
Certificates made in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. In
addition, in connection with the issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock
following the Distribution Date and prior to the redemption or expiration of
the Rights, the Company (a) shall, with respect to shares of Common Stock so
issued or sold pursuant to the exercise of stock options or under any employee
plan or arrangement, granted or awarded as of the Distribution Date, or upon
the exercise, conversion or exchange of securities hereinafter issued by the
Company, and (b) may, in any other case, if deemed necessary or appropriate by
the Board of Directors of the Company, issue Rights Certificates representing
the appropriate number of Rights in connection with such issuance or sale;
provided, however, that (i) no such Rights Certificate shall be issued if, and
to the extent that, the Company shall be advised by counsel that such issuance
would create a significant risk of material adverse tax consequences to the
Company or the Person to whom such Rights Certificate would be issued, and (ii)
no such Rights Certificate shall be issued if, and to the extent that,
appropriate adjustment shall otherwise have been made in lieu of the issuance
thereof.

         Section 23. Redemption and Termination.

               (a) The Board of Directors of the Company may, at its option, at
any time prior to the earlier of (i) the close of business on the tenth
Business Day following the Stock Acquisition Date (or, if the Stock Acquisition
Date shall have occurred prior to the Record Date, the close of business on the
tenth Business Day following the Record Date), or (ii) the Final Expiration
Date, redeem all but not less than all of the then outstanding Rights at a
redemption price of $0.001 per Right, as such amount may be appropriately
adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction
occurring after the date hereof (such redemption price being hereinafter
referred to as the "Redemption Price"). Notwithstanding anything contained in
this Agreement to the contrary, the Rights shall not be exercisable after the
first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event until such time as the Company's
right of redemption hereunder has expired. The Company may, at its option, pay
the Redemption Price in cash, shares


                                      32
<PAGE>

of Common Stock (based on the Current Market Price, as defined in Section
11(d)(i) hereof, of the Common Stock at the time of redemption) or any other
form of consideration deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors.

               (b) Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors of the
Company ordering the redemption of the Rights, evidence of which shall have
been filed with the Rights Agent and without any further action and without any
notice, the right to exercise the Rights will terminate and the only right
thereafter of the holders of Rights shall be to receive the Redemption Price
for each Right so held. Promptly after the action of the Board of Directors
ordering the redemption of the Rights, the Company shall give notice of such
redemption to the Rights Agent and the holders of the then outstanding Rights
by mailing such notice to all such holders at each holder's last address as it
appears upon the registry books of the Rights Agent or, prior to the
Distribution Date, on the registry books of the transfer agent for the Common
Stock. Any notice which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be deemed
given, whether or not the holder receives the notice. Each such notice of
redemption will state the method by which the payment of the Redemption Price
will be made.

         Section 24. Exchange.

               (a) The Board of Directors of the Company may, at its option, at
any time after any Person becomes an Acquiring Person, exchange all or part of
the then outstanding and exercisable Rights (which shall not include Rights
that have become void pursuant to the provisions of Section 7(e) hereof) for
Common Stock at an exchange ratio of one share of Common Stock per Right,
appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar
transaction occurring after the date hereof (such exchange ratio being
hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Ratio"). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Board of Directors of the Company shall not be empowered to
effect such exchange at any time after any Person (other than the Company, any
Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit plan of the Company or any such
Subsidiary, or any entity holding Common Stock for or pursuant to the terms of
any such plan), together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person,
becomes the Beneficial Owner of 50% or more of the Common Stock then
outstanding.

               (b) Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors of the
Company ordering the exchange of any Rights pursuant to subsection (a) of this
Section 24 and without any further action and without any notice, the right to
exercise such Rights shall terminate and the only right thereafter of a holder
of such Rights shall be to receive that number of shares of Common Stock equal
to the number of such Rights held by such holder multiplied by the Exchange
Ratio. The Company shall promptly give public notice of any such exchange;
provided, however, that the failure to give, or any defect in, such notice
shall not affect the validity of such exchange. The Company promptly shall mail
a notice of any such exchange to all of the holders of such Rights at their
last addresses as they appear upon the registry books of the Rights Agent. Any
notice that is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be deemed given,
whether or not the holder receives the notice. Each such notice of exchange
will state the method by which the exchange of the Common Stock for Rights will
be effected and, in the event of


                                      33
<PAGE>

any partial exchange, the number of Rights that will be exchanged. Any partial
exchange shall be effected pro rata based on the number of Rights (other than
Rights which have become void pursuant to the provisions of Section 7(e)
hereof) held by each holder of Rights.

               (c) In any exchange pursuant to this Section 24, the Company, at
its option, may substitute Preferred Stock (or Equivalent Preferred Stock, as
such term is defined in paragraph (b) of Section 11 hereof) for Common Stock
exchangeable for Rights, at the initial rate of one one-thousandth of a share
of Preferred Stock (or Equivalent Preferred Stock) for each share of Common
Stock, as appropriately adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock dividends and
other similar transactions after the date hereof.

               (d) In the event that there shall not be sufficient shares of
Common Stock issued but not outstanding or authorized but unissued to permit
any exchange of Rights as contemplated in accordance with this Section 24, the
Company shall take all such action as may be necessary to authorize additional
shares of Common Stock for issuance upon exchange of the Rights.

               (e) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of
shares of Common Stock or to distribute certificates which evidence fractional
shares of Common Stock. In lieu of such fractional shares of Common Stock,
there shall be paid to the registered holders of the Rights Certificates with
regard to which such fractional shares of Common Stock would otherwise be
issuable, an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market
value of a whole share of Common Stock. For the purposes of this subsection
(e), the current market value of a whole share of Common Stock shall be the
closing price of a share of Common Stock (as determined pursuant to the second
sentence of Section 11(d)(i) hereof) for the Trading Day immediately prior to
the date of exchange pursuant to this Section 24.

         Section 25. Notice of Certain Events.

               (a) In case the Company shall propose, at any time after the
Distribution Date, (i) to pay any dividend payable in stock of any class to the
holders of Preferred Stock or to make any other distribution to the holders of
Preferred Stock (other than a regular quarterly cash dividend out of earnings
or retained earnings of the Company), or (ii) to offer to the holders of
Preferred Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or to purchase any
additional shares of Preferred Stock or shares of stock of any class or any
other securities, rights or options, or (iii) to effect any reclassification of
its Preferred Stock (other than a reclassification involving only the
subdivision of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock), or (iv) to effect any
consolidation or merger into or with any other Person (other than a Subsidiary
of the Company in a transaction which complies with Section 11(o) hereof), or
to effect any sale or other transfer (or to permit one or more of its
Subsidiaries to effect any sale or other transfer), in one transaction or a
series of related transactions, of more than 50% of the assets, cash flow or
earning power of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to any
other Person or Persons (other than the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries
in one or more transactions each of which complies with Section 11(o) hereof),
or (v) to effect the liquidation, dissolution


                                      34
<PAGE>

or winding up of the Company, then, in each such case, the Company shall give
to each holder of a Rights Certificate, to the extent feasible and in
accordance with Section 26 hereof, a notice of such proposed action, which
shall specify the record date for the purposes of such stock dividend,
distribution of rights or warrants, or the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer, liquidation, dissolution, or winding up
is to take place and the date of participation therein by the holders of the
shares of Preferred Stock, if any such date is to be fixed, and such notice
shall be so given in the case of any action covered by clause (i) or (ii) above
at least twenty (20) days prior to the record date for determining holders of
the shares of Preferred Stock for purposes of such action, and in the case of
any such other action, at least twenty (20) days prior to the date of the
taking of such proposed action or the date of participation therein by the
holders of the shares of Preferred Stock, whichever shall be the earlier.

               (b) In case any of the events set forth in Section 11(a)(ii)
hereof shall occur, then, in any such case, (i) the Company shall as soon as
practicable thereafter give to each holder of a Rights Certificate, to the
extent feasible and in accordance with Section 26 hereof, a notice of the
occurrence of such event, which shall specify the event and the consequences of
the event to holders of Rights under Section 11(a)(ii) hereof, and (ii) all
references in the preceding paragraph to Preferred Stock shall be deemed
thereafter to refer to Common Stock and/or, if appropriate, other securities.

         Section 26. Notices. Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement
to be given or made by the Rights Agent or by the holder of any Rights
Certificate to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given or made if sent by
first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in
writing by the Rights Agent with the Company) as follows:

                  Guidant Corporation
                  111 Monument Circle
                  Indianapolis, Indiana  46204
                  Attention:  Corporate Secretary

Subject to the provisions of Section 21, any notice or demand authorized by
this Agreement to be given or made by the Company or by the holder of any
Rights Certificate to or on the Rights Agent shall be sufficiently given or
made if sent by first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another
address is filed in writing by the Rights Agent with the Company) as follows:

                  EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.
                  250 Royall Street
                  Canton, MA 02021
                  Attention: Client Administration

                  Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement to be given
or made by the Company or the Rights Agent to the holder of any Rights
Certificate (or, if prior to the Distribution Date, to the holder of shares of
Common Stock) shall be sufficiently


                                      35
<PAGE>

given or made if sent by first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to such
holder at the address of such holder as shown on the registry books of the
Company.

         Section 27. Supplements and Amendments. Prior to the Distribution
Date, the Company may and, if so directed by the Company, the Rights Agent
shall supplement or amend any provision of this Agreement without the approval
of any holders of shares of Common Stock. From and after the Distribution Date,
the Company may and the Rights Agent shall, if the Company so directs,
supplement or amend this Agreement without the approval of any holders of
Rights Certificates in order to (i) cure any ambiguity, (ii) correct or
supplement any provision contained herein which may be defective or
inconsistent with any other provisions herein, (iii) shorten or lengthen any
time period hereunder or (iv) change or supplement the provisions hereunder in
any manner which the Company may deem necessary or desirable and which shall
not adversely affect the interests of the holders of Rights Certificates (other
than an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person).
Upon the delivery of a certificate from an appropriate officer of the Company
that states that the proposed supplement or amendment is in compliance with the
terms of this Section 27, the Rights Agent shall execute such supplement or
amendment. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Agreement may
not be amended (other than pursuant to clauses (i) or (ii) of the preceding
sentence) at a time when the Rights are not redeemable.

         Section 28. Successors. All the covenants and provisions of this
Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall bind
and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns hereunder.

         Section 29. Determinations and Actions by the Board of Directors, etc.
For all purposes of this Agreement, any calculation of the number of shares of
Common Stock or any other class of capital stock outstanding at any particular
time, including for purposes of determining the particular percentage of such
outstanding shares of Common Stock of which any Person is the Beneficial Owner,
shall be made in accordance with the last sentence of Rule 13d-3(d)(1)(i) of
the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act. The Board of
Directors of the Company shall have the exclusive power and authority to
administer this Agreement and to exercise all rights and powers specifically
granted to the Board or to the Company, or as may be necessary or advisable in
the administration of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the right
and power to (i) interpret the provisions of this Agreement, and (ii) make all
determinations deemed necessary or advisable for the administration of this
Agreement (including a determination to redeem or not redeem the Rights or to
amend the Agreement). All such actions, calculations, interpretations and
determinations (including, for purposes of clause (y) below, all omissions with
respect to the foregoing) which are done or made by the Board in good faith,
shall (x) be final, conclusive and binding on the Company, the Rights Agent,
the holders of the Rights and all other parties, and (y) not subject the Board,
or any of the directors on the Board to any liability to the holders of the
Rights.

         Section 30. Benefits of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement
shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company, the Rights
Agent and the


                                      36
<PAGE>

registered holders of the Rights Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution
Date, registered holders of the Common Stock) any legal or equitable right,
remedy or claim under this Agreement; but this Agreement shall be for the
sole and exclusive benefit of the Company, the Rights Agent and the registered
holders of the Rights Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date,
registered holders of the Common Stock).

         Section 31. Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or
restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or
other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in
full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated;
provided, however, that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, if any such term, provision, covenant or restriction is held by such
court or authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable and the Board of
Directors of the Company determines in its good faith judgment that severing
the invalid language from this Agreement would adversely affect the purpose or
effect of this Agreement, the right of redemption set forth in Section 23
hereof shall be reinstated and shall not expire until the close of business on
the tenth Business Day following the date of such determination by the Board of
Directors. Without limiting the foregoing, if any provision requiring a
specific group of directors to act is held to by any court of competent
jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, such
determination shall then be made by the Board of Directors of the Company in
accordance with applicable law and the Company's Articles of Incorporation and
By-laws.

         Section 32. Governing Law. This Agreement, each Right and each Rights
Certificate issued hereunder shall be deemed to be a contract made under the
laws of the State of Indiana and for all purposes shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of such State applicable to contracts
made and to be performed entirely within such State.

         Section 33. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed
to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one
and the same instrument.

         Section 34. Descriptive Headings. Descriptive headings of the several
sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not
control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof.

         Section 35. Force Majeure. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, Rights Agent shall not be liable for any delays or failures
in performance resulting from acts beyond its reasonable control including,
without limitation, acts of God, terrorist acts, shortage of supply, breakdowns
or malfunctions, interruptions or malfunction of computer facilities, or loss
of data due to power failures or mechanical difficulties with information
storage or retrieval systems, labor difficulties, war, or civil unrest.

                                      37
<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to
be duly executed, all as of the day and year first above written.

Attest:                                     GUIDANT CORPORATION


By  /s/ David Scharf                        By /s/ Keith E. Brauer
    -------------------------------            --------------------------------
    Name:  David Scharf                        Name:  Keith E. Brauer
    Title: Assistant Secretary                 Title: Vice President and Chief
                                                      Financial Officer


Attest:                                     EQUISERVE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.


By  /s/ Thomas McDonough                    By /s/ Thomas F. Fighe
    ------------------------------             --------------------------------
    Name:  Thomas McDonough                    Name:  Thomas F. Fighe
    Title: Senior Acct: Mgr                    Title: Managing Director


                                      38
<PAGE>

                                                                 Exhibit A


                                    FORM OF

                   AMENDMENT TO THE ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

                                       of

                              GUIDANT CORPORATION

                      Pursuant to Section 23-1-38-2 of the

                Business Corporation Law of the State of Indiana

                  The undersigned, a duly appointed officer of Guidant
Corporation (the "Corporation"), organized and existing under the Business
Corporation Law of the State of Indiana, as amended (the "Act"), desiring to
give notice of corporate action amending the Articles of Incorporation, as
amended, sets forth the following facts:

                  The name of the Corporation following these Articles of
Amendment will be Guidant Corporation.

                  The Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation are hereby
amended by the amendment and restatement of Article 4(c), to be and read in its
entirety as follows:

                  (c) A total of 1,000,000 shares of the 50,000,000 shares of
authorized Preferred Stock are designated as "Series A Participating Preferred
Stock" (the "Series A Participating Preferred Stock"), which shall possess the
rights, preferences, qualifications, limitations and restrictions set forth
below:

                  (1) Dividends and Distributions.

                  (i) Subject to the prior and superior rights of the holders
of any shares of any series of Preferred Stock ranking prior and superior to
the shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock with respect to dividends,
the holders of shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of
funds legally available for the purpose, quarterly dividends payable in cash on
the first day of April, July, October and January in each year (each such date
being referred to herein as a "Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"), commencing on
the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after the first issuance of a share
or fraction of a share of Series A Participating Preferred Stock, in an amount
per share (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to the greater of (a) $0.05 or
(b) subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, 1000 times
the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, and 1000 times the
aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of all non-cash dividends or other
distributions other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock or a
subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or
otherwise), declared on the Common Stock, without par value, of the



                                       1
<PAGE>


Corporation (the "Common Stock") since the immediately preceding Quarterly
Dividend Payment Date, or, with respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment
Date, since the first issuance of any share or fraction of a share of Series A
Participating Preferred Stock. In the event the Corporation shall at any time
after December 15, 2004 (the "Rights Declaration Date") (i) declare any
dividend on Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the
outstanding Common Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding Common Stock into a
smaller number of shares, then in each such case the amount to which holders of
shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock were entitled immediately
prior to such event under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall be
adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the numerator of which is the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and
the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were
outstanding immediately prior to such event.

                  (ii) The Corporation shall declare a dividend or distribution
on the Series A Participating Preferred Stock as provided in Article 4(c)(1)(i)
above immediately after it declares a dividend or distribution on the Common
Stock (other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock); provided that,
in the event no dividend or distribution shall have been declared on the Common
Stock during the period between any Quarterly Dividend Payment Date and the
next subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, a dividend of $0.05 per share
on the Series A Participating Preferred Stock shall nevertheless be payable on
such subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.

                  (iii) Dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on
outstanding shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock from the Quarterly
Dividend Payment Date next preceding the date of issue of such shares of Series
A Participating Preferred Stock, unless the date of issue of such shares is
prior to the record date for the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in
which case dividends on such shares shall begin to accrue from the date of
issue of such shares, or unless the date of issue is a Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date or is a date after the record date for the determination of
holders of shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock entitled to receive
a quarterly dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in either
of which events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative from
such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. Accrued but unpaid dividends shall not
bear interest. Dividends paid on the shares of Series A Participating Preferred
Stock in an amount less than the total amount of such dividends at the time
accrued and payable on such shares shall be allocated pro rata on a share by
share basis among all such shares at the time outstanding. The Board of
Directors may fix a record date for the determination of holders of shares of
Series A Participating Preferred Stock entitled to receive payment of a
dividend or distribution declared thereon, which record date shall be no more
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for the payment thereof.

                  (2) Voting Rights. The holders of shares of Series A
Participating Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights:


                                       2
<PAGE>

                  (i) Subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set
forth, each share of Series A Participating Preferred Stock shall entitle the
holder thereof to 1000 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the
shareholders of the Corporation. In the event the Corporation shall at any time
after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Common Stock
payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common Stock,
or (iii) combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares,
then in each such case the number of votes per share to which holders of shares
of Series A Participating Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to
such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such number by a fraction the
numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of
shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

                  (ii) Except as otherwise provided herein or by law, the
holders of shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock and the holders of
shares of Common Stock shall vote together as one class on all matters
submitted to a vote of shareholders of the Corporation.

                  (iii) a. If at any time dividends on any Series A
Participating Preferred Stock shall be in arrears in an amount equal to six (6)
quarterly dividends thereon, the occurrence of such contingency shall mark the
beginning of a period (herein called a "default period") which shall extend
until such time when all accrued and unpaid dividends for all previous
quarterly dividend periods and for the current quarterly dividend period on all
shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock then outstanding shall have
been declared and paid or set apart for payment. During each default period,
all holders of Preferred Stock (including holders of the Series A Participating
Preferred Stock) with dividends in arrears in an amount equal to six (6)
quarterly dividends thereon, voting as a class, irrespective of series, shall
have the right to elect two (2) directors.

                  b. During any default period, such voting right of the
holders of Series A Participating Preferred Stock may be exercised initially at
a special meeting called pursuant to subparagraph c. of this Article
4(c)(2)(iii) or at any annual meeting of shareholders, and thereafter at annual
meetings of shareholders, provided that such voting right shall not be
exercised unless the holders of ten percent (10%) in number of shares of
Preferred Stock outstanding shall be present in person or by proxy. The absence
of a quorum of the holders of Common Stock shall not affect the exercise by the
holders of Preferred Stock of such voting right. At any meeting at which the
holders of Preferred Stock shall exercise such voting right initially during an
existing default period, they shall have the right, voting as a class, to elect
directors to fill such vacancies, if any, in the Board of Directors as may then
exist up to two (2) directors or, if such right is exercised at an annual
meeting, to elect two (2) directors. If the number which may be so elected at
any special meeting does not amount to the required number, the holders of the
Preferred Stock shall have the right to make such increase in the number of
directors as shall be necessary to permit the election by them of the required
number. After the holders of the Preferred Stock shall have exercised their
right to elect directors in any default period and during the continuance of
such period, the number of directors shall not be increased


                                       3
<PAGE>


or decreased except by vote of the holders of Preferred Stock as herein
provided or pursuant to the rights of any equity securities ranking senior to
or pari passu with the Series A Participating Preferred Stock.

                  c. Unless the holders of Preferred Stock shall, during an
existing default period, have previously exercised their right to elect
directors, the Board of Directors may order, or any shareholder or shareholders
owning in the aggregate not less than ten percent (10%) of the total number of
shares of Preferred Stock outstanding, irrespective of series, may request, the
calling of a special meeting of the holders of Preferred Stock, which meeting
shall thereupon be called by the Chief Executive Officer, the President, a Vice
President or the Secretary of the Corporation. Notice of such meeting and of
any annual meeting at which holders of Preferred Stock are entitled to vote
pursuant to this Article 4(c)(2)(iii)c. shall be given to each holder of record
of Preferred Stock by mailing a copy of such notice to him at his last address
as the same appears on the books of the Corporation. Such meeting shall be
called for a time not earlier than 20 days and not later than 60 days after
such order or request or in default of the calling of such meeting within 60
days after such order or request, such meeting may be called on similar notice
by any shareholder or shareholders owning in the aggregate not less than ten
percent (10%) of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article 4(c)(2)(iii)c., no such special
meeting shall be called during the period within 60 days immediately preceding
the date fixed for the next annual meeting of the shareholders.

                  d. In any default period, the holders of Common Stock, and
other classes of stock of the Corporation if applicable, shall continue to be
entitled to elect the whole number of directors until the holders of Preferred
Stock shall have exercised their right to elect two (2) directors voting as a
class, after the exercise of which right (x) the directors so elected by the
holders of Preferred Stock shall be elected to one of the three classes of
directors of the Corporation so that the three classes shall be as equal in
number as may be feasible and shall continue in office until the expiration of
the term of the class to which he or she is elected and his or her successors
shall have been elected by such holders or until the expiration of the default
period, and (y) any vacancy in the Board of Directors may (except as provided
in Article 4(c)(2)(iii)b.) be filled by vote of a majority of the remaining
directors theretofore elected by the holders of the class of stock which
elected the director whose office shall have become vacant. References in this
Article 4(c)(2)(iii) to directors elected by the holders of a particular class
of stock shall include directors elected by such directors to fill vacancies as
provided in clause (y) of the foregoing sentence.

                  e. Immediately upon the expiration of a default period, (x)
the right of the holders of Preferred Stock as a class to elect directors shall
cease, (y) the term of any directors elected by the holders of Preferred Stock
as a class shall terminate, and (z) the number of directors shall be such
number as may be provided for in the articles of incorporation or by-laws
irrespective of any increase made pursuant to the provisions of Article
4(c)(2)(iii)b. (such number being subject, however, to change thereafter in any
manner provided by law or in the articles of incorporation or by-laws). Any
vacancies in


                                       4
<PAGE>

the Board of Directors effected by the provisions of clauses (y) and (z) in the
preceding sentence may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors.

                  (iv) Except as set forth herein, holders of Series A
Participating Preferred Stock shall have no special voting rights and their
consent shall not be required (except to the extent they are entitled to vote
with holders of Common Stock as set forth herein) for taking any corporate
action.

                  (3) Certain Restrictions.

                  (i) Whenever quarterly dividends or other dividends or
distributions payable on the Series A Participating Preferred Stock as provided
in Article 4(c)(1) are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued and unpaid
dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, on shares of Series A
Participating Preferred Stock outstanding shall have been paid in full, the
Corporation shall not

                  a. declare or pay dividends on, make any other distributions
on, or redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of
stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up) to the Series A Participating Preferred Stock;

                  b. declare or pay dividends on or make any other
distributions on any shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A
Participating Preferred Stock, except dividends paid ratably on the Series A
Participating Preferred Stock and all such parity stock on which dividends are
payable or in arrears in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders
of all such shares are then entitled;

                  c. redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration
shares of any stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Participating
Preferred Stock, provided that the Corporation may at any time redeem, purchase
or otherwise acquire shares of any such parity stock in exchange for shares of
any stock of the Corporation ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon
dissolution, liquidation or winding up) to the Series A Participating Preferred
Stock; or

                  d. purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares
of Series A Participating Preferred Stock, or any shares of stock ranking on a
parity with the Series A Participating Preferred Stock, except in accordance
with a purchase offer made in writing or by publication (as determined by the
Board of Directors) to all holders of such shares upon such terms as the Board
of Directors, after consideration of the respective annual dividend rates and
other relative rights and preferences of the respective series and classes,
shall determine in good faith will result in fair and equitable treatment among
the respective series or classes.

                  (ii) The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of the
Corporation to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of
stock of the Corporation


                                       5
<PAGE>

unless the Corporation could, under Article 4(c)(3)(i), purchase or otherwise
acquire such shares at such time and in such manner.

                  (4) Reacquired Shares. Any shares of Series A Participating
Preferred Stock purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any
manner whatsoever shall be retired and cancelled promptly after the acquisition
thereof. All such shares shall upon their cancellation become authorized but
unissued shares of Preferred Stock and may be reissued as part of a new series
of Preferred Stock to be created by resolution or resolutions of the Board of
Directors, subject to the conditions and restrictions on issuance set forth
herein.

                  (5) Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up. (i) Upon any
liquidation (voluntary or otherwise), dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, no distribution shall be made to the holders of shares of stock
ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up) to the Series A Participating Preferred Stock unless, prior
thereto, the holders of shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock shall
have received an amount equal to $1,000 per share of Series A Participating
Preferred Stock, plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and
distributions thereon, whether or not declared, to the date of such payment
(the "Series A Liquidation Preference"). Following the payment of the full
amount of the Series A Liquidation Preference, no additional distributions
shall be made to the holders of shares of Series A Participating Preferred
Stock unless, prior thereto, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall have
received an amount per share (the "Common Adjustment") equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) the Series A Liquidation Preference by (y) 1000 (as
appropriately adjusted as set forth in subparagraph (iii) below to reflect such
events as stock splits, stock dividends and recapitalizations with respect to
the Common Stock) (such number in clause (y), the "Adjustment Number").
Following the payment of the full amount of the Series A Liquidation Preference
and the Common Adjustment in respect of all outstanding shares of Series A
Participating Preferred Stock and Common Stock, respectively, holders of Series
A Participating Preferred Stock and holders of shares of Common Stock shall
receive their ratable and proportionate share of the remaining assets to be
distributed in the ratio of the Adjustment Number to 1 with respect to such
Preferred Stock and Common Stock, on a per share basis, respectively.

                  (ii) In the event, however, that there are not sufficient
assets available to permit payment in full of the Series A Liquidation
Preference and the liquidation preferences of all other series of preferred
stock, if any, which rank on a parity with the Series A Participating Preferred
Stock, then such remaining assets shall be distributed ratably to the holders
of such parity shares in proportion to their respective liquidation
preferences. In the event, however, that there are not sufficient assets
available to permit payment in full of the Common Adjustment, then such
remaining assets shall be distributed ratably to the holders of Common Stock.

                  (iii) In the event the Corporation shall at any time after
the Rights Declaration Date (x) declare any dividend on Common Stock payable in
shares of Common Stock, (y) subdivide the outstanding Common Stock, or (z)
combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in
each such case the


                                       6
<PAGE>

Adjustment Number in effect immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted
by multiplying such Adjustment Number by a fraction the numerator of which is
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event
and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were
outstanding immediately prior to such event.

                  (6) Consolidation, Merger, etc. In case the Corporation shall
enter into any consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction in which
the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or
securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case the shares of
Series A Participating Preferred Stock shall at the same time be similarly
exchanged or changed in an amount per share (subject to the provision for
adjustment hereinafter set forth) equal to 1000 times the aggregate amount of
stock, securities, cash and/or any other property (payable in kind), as the
case may be, into which or for which each share of Common Stock is changed or
exchanged. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights
Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Common Stock payable in shares of
Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common Stock, or (iii) combine the
outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such
case the amount set forth in the preceding sentence with respect to the
exchange or change of shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock shall be
adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the numerator of which is the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and
the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were
outstanding immediately prior to such event.

                  (7) No Redemption. The shares of Series A Participating
Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable.

                  (8) Ranking. The Series A Participating Preferred Stock shall
rank junior to all other series of the Corporation's Preferred Stock as to the
payment of dividends and the distribution of assets, unless the terms of any
such series shall provide otherwise.

                  (9) Amendment. At any time when any shares of Series A
Participating Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Articles of Incorporation of
the Corporation shall not be amended in any manner which would materially alter
or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series A
Participating Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely without the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority or more of the outstanding shares
of Series A Participating Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class.

                  (10) Fractional Shares. Series A Participating Preferred
Stock may be issued in fractions of a share which shall entitle the holder, in
proportion to such holder's fractional shares, to exercise voting rights,
receive dividends, participate in distributions and to have the benefit of all
other rights of holders of Series A Participating Preferred Stock.


                                       7
<PAGE>


                  These Articles of Amendment were duly authorized and adopted
by the Board of Directors of the Corporation at a meeting duly called and held
on December 15, 2004. Pursuant to Article 4(b) of the Articles of Incorporation
of the Corporation and Section 23-1-25-2 and Section 23-1-38-2 of the IBCL, no
action by the Corporation's shareholders was required.

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have executed and subscribed this
Certificate and do affirm the foregoing as true under the penalties of perjury
this __day of _____, 200_.



                                    -----------------------------------------
                                    [TITLE]


Attest:




- ----------------------------------
Secretary


                                       8
<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit B


                          [Form of Rights Certificate]

Certificate No. R                                             ________ Rights

NOT EXERCISABLE AFTER _________ __, 200_ OR EARLIER IF REDEEMED BY THE COMPANY.
THE RIGHTS ARE SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION, AT THE OPTION OF THE COMPANY, AT $0.001
PER RIGHT ON THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT. UNDER CERTAIN
CIRCUMSTANCES, RIGHTS BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY AN ACQUIRING PERSON (AS SUCH TERM
IS DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT) AND ANY SUBSEQUENT HOLDER OF SUCH RIGHTS
MAY BECOME NULL AND VOID. [THE RIGHTS REPRESENTED BY THIS RIGHTS CERTIFICATE
ARE OR WERE BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY A PERSON WHO WAS OR BECAME AN ACQUIRING
PERSON OR AN AFFILIATE OR ASSOCIATE OF AN ACQUIRING PERSON (AS SUCH TERMS ARE
DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT). ACCORDINGLY, THIS RIGHTS CERTIFICATE AND THE
RIGHTS REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY BECOME NULL AND VOID IN THE CIRCUMSTANCES
SPECIFIED IN SECTION 7(e) OF SUCH AGREEMENT.] 1

                                           Rights Certificate


                                           GUIDANT CORPORATION










__________________

1   The portion of the legend in brackets shall be inserted only if applicable
    and shall replace the preceding sentence.



<PAGE>

         This certifies that ______________________, or registered assigns, is
the registered owner of the number of Rights set forth above, each of which
entitles the owner thereof, subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of
the Rights Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2004 (the "Rights Agreement"),
between Guidant Corporation, an Indiana corporation (the "Company"), and
EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. (the "Rights Agent"), to purchase from the
Company at any time prior to 5:00 P.M. (New York City time) on December 15,
2014 (unless such date is extended prior thereto by the Board of Directors) at
the office or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose, or its
successors as Rights Agent, one one-thousandth of a fully paid, non assessable
share of Series A Participating Preferred Stock (the "Preferred Stock") of the
Company, at a purchase price of $_____ per one one-thousandth of a share (the
"Purchase Price"), upon presentation and surrender of this Rights Certificate
with the Form of Election to Purchase and related Certificate duly executed.
The number of Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate (and the number of
shares which may be purchased upon exercise thereof) set forth above, and the
Purchase Price per share set forth above, are the number and Purchase Price as
of _________ __, 200_, based on the Preferred Stock as constituted at such
date. The Company reserves the right to require prior to the occurrence of a
Triggering Event (as such term is defined in the Rights Agreement) that a
number of Rights be exercised so that only whole shares of Preferred Stock will
be issued.

         Upon the occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event (as such term is
defined in the Rights Agreement), if the Rights evidenced by this Rights
Certificate are beneficially owned by (i) an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate
or Associate of any such Acquiring Person (as such terms are defined in the
Rights Agreement), (ii) a transferee of any such Acquiring Person, Associate or
Affiliate, or (iii) under certain circumstances specified in the Rights
Agreement, a transferee of a person who, after such transfer, became an
Acquiring Person, or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person, such
Rights shall become null and void and no holder hereof shall have any right
with respect to such Rights from and after the occurrence of such Section
11(a)(ii) Event.

         As provided in the Rights Agreement, the Purchase Price and the number
and kind of shares of Preferred Stock or other securities, which may be
purchased upon the exercise of the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate
are subject to modification and adjustment upon the happening of certain
events, including Triggering Events.

         This Rights Certificate is subject to all of the terms, provisions and
conditions of the Rights Agreement, which terms, provisions and conditions are
hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof and to which
Rights Agreement reference is hereby made for a full description of the rights,
limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities hereunder of the
Rights Agent, the Company and the holders of the Rights Certificates, which
limitations of rights include the temporary suspension of the exercisability of
such Rights under the specific circumstances set forth in the Rights Agreement.
Copies of the Rights Agreement are on file at the above mentioned office of the
Rights Agent and are also available upon written request to the Rights Agent.


                                       2
<PAGE>


         This Rights Certificate, with or without other Rights Certificates,
upon surrender at the principal office or offices of the Rights Agent
designated for such purpose, may be exchanged for another Rights Certificate or
Rights Certificates of like tenor and date evidencing Rights entitling the
holder to purchase a like aggregate number of one one-thousandths of a share of
Preferred Stock as the Rights evidenced by the Rights Certificate or Rights
Certificates surrendered shall have entitled such holder to purchase. If this
Rights Certificate shall be exercised in part, the holder shall be entitled to
receive upon surrender hereof another Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates
for the number of whole Rights not exercised.

         Subject to the provisions of the Rights Agreement, the Rights
evidenced by this Rights Certificate may be redeemed by the Company at its
option at a redemption price of $0.001 per Right at any time prior to the
earlier of the close of business on (i) the tenth Business Day following the
Stock Acquisition Date (as such time period may be extended pursuant to the
Rights Agreement), and (ii) the Final Expiration Date. In addition, under
certain circumstances following the Stock Acquisition Date, the Rights may be
exchanged, in whole or in part, for shares of the Common Stock, or shares of
preferred stock of the Company having essentially the same value or economic
rights as such shares. Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors of
the Company authorizing any such exchange, and without any further action or
any notice, the Rights (other than Rights which are not subject to such
exchange) will terminate and the Rights will only enable holders to receive the
shares issuable upon such exchange.

         No fractional shares of Preferred Stock will be issued upon the
exercise of any Right or Rights evidenced hereby (other than fractions which
are integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock,
which may, at the election of the Company, be evidenced by depositary
receipts), but in lieu thereof a cash payment will be made, as provided in the
Rights Agreement. The Company, at its election, may require that a number of
Rights be exercised so that only whole shares of Preferred Stock would be
issued.

         No holder of this Rights Certificate shall be entitled to vote or
receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of shares of
Preferred Stock or of any other securities of the Company which may at any time
be issuable on the exercise hereof, nor shall anything contained in the Rights
Agreement or herein be construed to confer upon the holder hereof, as such, any
of the rights of a shareholder of the Company or any right to vote for the
election of directors or upon any matter submitted to shareholders at any
meeting thereof, or to give consent to or withhold consent from any corporate
action, or, to receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting
shareholders (except as provided in the Rights Agreement), or to receive
dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, until the Right or Rights
evidenced by this Rights Certificate shall have been exercised as provided in
the Rights Agreement.

         This Rights Certificate shall not be valid or obligatory for any
purpose until it shall have been countersigned by the Rights Agent.



                                       3
<PAGE>

                  WITNESS the facsimile signature of the proper officers of the
Company and its corporate seal.

Dated as of _________ __,_

ATTEST:                                  GUIDANT CORPORATION


__________________________________       By__________________________________
            Secretary                       Title:



Countersigned:

EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.


By _______________________________
       Authorized Signature



                                       4
<PAGE>

                  [Form of Reverse Side of Rights Certificate]


                               FORM OF ASSIGNMENT




                (To be executed by the registered holder if such
              holder desires to transfer the Rights Certificate.)

                  FOR VALUE RECEIVED  _________________________________________
hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto ______________________________________
_______________________________________________________________________________
                 (Please print name and address of transferee)
_______________________________________________________________________________
this Rights Certificate, together with all right, title and interest therein,
and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint __________________ Attorney,
to transfer the within Rights Certificate on the books of the within named
Company, with full power of substitution.

Dated: __________________,__



                                         ______________________________________
                                         Signature



Signature Guaranteed:




<PAGE>




                                  Certificate

                  The undersigned hereby certifies by checking the appropriate
boxes that:

               (1) this Rights Certificate [ ] is [ ] is not being sold,
     assigned and transferred by or on behalf of a Person who is or was an
     Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of any such Acquiring Person
     (as such terms are defined pursuant to the Rights Agreement);

               (2) after due inquiry and to the best knowledge of the
     undersigned, it [ ] did [ ] did not acquire the Rights evidenced by this
     Rights Certificate from any Person who is, was or subsequently became an
     Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person.


Dated: __________________,__




                                       ______________________________________
                                       Signature


Signature Guaranteed:



<PAGE>




                                     NOTICE

                  The signature to the foregoing Assignment and Certificate
must correspond to the name as written upon the face of this Rights Certificate
in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change
whatsoever.





<PAGE>


                          FORM OF ELECTION TO PURCHASE

              (To be executed if holder desires to exercise Rights
                    represented by the Rights Certificate.)

To:  GUIDANT CORPORATION:

                  The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise
__________ Rights represented by this Rights Certificate to purchase the shares
of Preferred Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Rights (or such other
securities of the Company or of any other person which may be issuable upon the
exercise of the Rights) and requests that certificates for such shares be
issued in the name of and delivered to:

Please insert social security
or other identifying number

_______________________________________________________________________________
                        (Please print name and address)
_______________________________________________________________________________

                  If such number of Rights shall not be all the Rights
evidenced by this Rights Certificate, a new Rights Certificate for the balance
of such Rights shall be registered in the name of and delivered to:

Please insert social security
or other identifying number

_______________________________________________________________________________
                        (Please print name and address)
_______________________________________________________________________________

_______________________________________________________________________________


Dated: __________________,__




                                       _______________________________________
                                       Signature



Signature Guaranteed:




<PAGE>



                                  Certificate

                  The undersigned hereby certifies by checking the appropriate
boxes that:

(1)      the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate [ ] are [ ] are not
         being exercised by or on behalf of a Person who is or was an Acquiring
         Person or an Affiliate or Associate of any such Acquiring Person (as
         such terms are defined pursuant to the Rights Agreement);

(2)      after due inquiry and to the best knowledge of the undersigned, it [ ]
         did [ ] did not acquire the Rights evidenced by this Rights
         Certificate from any Person who is, was or became an Acquiring Person
         or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person.


Dated: __________________,__




                                        ______________________________________
                                        Signature



Signature Guaranteed:



<PAGE>

                                     NOTICE

                  The signature to the foregoing Election to Purchase and
Certificate must correspond to the name as written upon the face of this Rights
Certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any
change whatsoever.





<PAGE>


                                                                   Exhibit C


                         SUMMARY OF RIGHTS TO PURCHASE

                                PREFERRED STOCK

                  On December 15, 2004, the Board of Directors of Guidant
Corporation (the "Company") declared a dividend distribution of one Right for
each outstanding share of Company Common Stock to shareholders of record at the
close of business on December 27, 2004 (the "Record Date"). Each Right entitles
the registered holder to purchase from the Company a unit consisting of one
one-thousandth of a share (a "Unit") of Series A Participating Preferred Stock,
without par value (the "Series A Participating Preferred Stock"), at a Purchase
Price of $325.00 per Unit, subject to adjustment. The description and terms of
the Rights are set forth in a Rights Agreement (the "Rights Agreement") between
the Company and EquiServe Trust Company, N.A., as Rights Agent.

                  Initially, the Rights will be attached to all Common Stock
certificates or, in the case of uncertificated shares, the associated balance
indicated in the book-entry account system of the transfer agent for the Common
Stock, representing shares then outstanding, and no separate Rights
Certificates will be distributed. Subject to certain exceptions specified in
the Rights Agreement, the Rights will separate from the Common Stock and a
Distribution Date will occur upon the earlier of (i) 10 business days following
a public announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated
persons (an "Acquiring Person") has acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or
more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (the "Stock Acquisition Date"),
other than as a result of repurchases of stock by the Company or certain
inadvertent actions by institutional or certain other shareholders or (ii) 10
business days (or such later date as the Board shall determine) following the
commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer that would result in a person
or group becoming an Acquiring Person. Until the Distribution Date, (i) the
Rights will be evidenced by shares of Common Stock and will be transferred with
and only with such Common Stock, (ii) new Common Stock certificates issued
after the Record Date will contain a notation incorporating the Rights
Agreement by reference and (iii) the surrender for transfer of any certificates
for Common Stock outstanding will also constitute the transfer of the Rights
associated with the Common Stock represented by such certificate. Pursuant to
the Rights Agreement, the Company reserves the right to require prior to the
occurrence of a Triggering Event (as defined below) that, upon any exercise of
Rights, a number of Rights be exercised so that only whole shares of Preferred
Stock will be issued.



                                       i
<PAGE>

                  The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date
and will expire at 5:00 P.M. (New York City time) on December 15, 2014 unless
such date is extended or the Rights are earlier redeemed or exchanged by the
Company as described below.

                  As soon as practicable after the Distribution Date, Rights
Certificates will be mailed to holders of record of the Common Stock as of the
close of business on the Distribution Date and, thereafter, the separate Rights
Certificates alone will represent the Rights. Except as otherwise determined by
the Board of Directors, only shares of Common Stock issued prior to the
Distribution Date will be issued with Rights.

                  In the event that a Person becomes an Acquiring Person,
except pursuant to an offer for all outstanding shares of Common Stock which
the independent directors determine to be fair and not inadequate and to
otherwise be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, after
receiving advice from one or more investment banking firms (a "Qualified
Offer"), each holder of a Right will thereafter have the right to receive, upon
exercise, Common Stock (or, in certain circumstances, cash, property or other
securities of the Company) having a value equal to two times the exercise price
of the Right. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, following the occurrence of
the event set forth in this paragraph, all Rights that are, or (under certain
circumstances specified in the Rights Agreement) were, beneficially owned by
any Acquiring Person will be null and void. However, Rights are not exercisable
following the occurrence of the event set forth above until such time as the
Rights are no longer redeemable by the Company as set forth below.

                  For example, at an exercise price of $325 per Right, each
Right not owned by an Acquiring Person (or by certain related parties)
following an event set forth in the preceding paragraph would entitle its
holder to purchase $750 worth of Common Stock (or other consideration, as noted
above) for $325. Assuming that the Common Stock had a per share value of $73.85
at such time, the holder of each valid Right would be entitled to purchase ten
(10) shares of Common Stock for $325.

                  In the event that, at any time following the Stock
Acquisition Date, (i) the Company engages in a merger or other business
combination transaction in which the Company is not the surviving corporation
(other than with an entity which acquired the shares pursuant to a Qualified
Offer), (ii) the Company engages in a merger or other business combination
transaction in which the Company is the surviving corporation and the Common
Stock of the Company is changed or exchanged, or (iii) 50% or more of the
Company's assets, cash flow or earning power is sold or transferred, each
holder of a Right (except Rights which have previously been voided as set forth
above) shall thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise, common stock
of the acquiring company having a value equal to two times the exercise price
of the Right. The events set forth in this paragraph and in the second
preceding paragraph are referred to as the "Triggering Events."




                                       ii
<PAGE>

                  At any time after a person becomes an Acquiring Person and
prior to the acquisition by such person or group of fifty percent (50%) or more
of the outstanding Common Stock, the Board may exchange the Rights (other than
Rights owned by such person or group which have become void), in whole or in
part, at an exchange ratio of one share of Common Stock, or one one-thousandth
of a share of Preferred Stock (or of a share of a class or series of the
Company's preferred stock having equivalent rights, preferences and
privileges), per Right (subject to adjustment).

                  The Purchase Price payable, and the number of Units of
Preferred Stock or other securities or property issuable, upon exercise of the
Rights are subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution (i) in
the event of a stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination or
reclassification of, the Preferred Stock, (ii) if holders of the Preferred
Stock are granted certain rights or warrants to subscribe for Preferred Stock
or convertible securities at less than the current market price of the
Preferred Stock, or (iii) upon the distribution to holders of the Preferred
Stock of evidences of indebtedness or assets (excluding regular quarterly cash
dividends) or of subscription rights or warrants (other than those referred to
above).

                  With certain exceptions, no adjustment in the Purchase Price
will be required until cumulative adjustments amount to at least 1% of the
Purchase Price. No fractional Units will be issued and, in lieu thereof, an
adjustment in cash will be made based on the market price of the Preferred
Stock on the last trading date prior to the date of exercise.

                  At any time until ten business days following the Stock
Acquisition Date, the Company may redeem the Rights in whole, but not in part,
at a price of $0.001 per Right (payable in cash, Common Stock or other
consideration deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors). Immediately upon
the action of the Board of Directors ordering redemption of the Rights, the
Rights will terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to
receive the $0.001 redemption price.

                  Until a Right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, will
have no rights as a shareholder of the Company, including, without limitation,
the right to vote or to receive dividends. While the distribution of the Rights
will not be taxable to shareholders or to the Company, shareholders may,
depending upon the circumstances, recognize taxable income in the event that
the Rights become exercisable for Common Stock (or other consideration) of the
Company or for common stock of the acquiring company or in the event of the
redemption of the Rights as set forth above.

                  Any of the provisions of the Rights Agreement may be amended
by the Board of Directors of the Company prior to the Distribution Date. After
the Distribution Date, the provisions of the Rights Agreement may be amended by
the Board in order to cure any ambiguity, to make changes that do not adversely
affect the interests of holders of Rights, or to shorten or lengthen any time
period under the Rights Agreement. The foregoing notwithstanding, no amendment
may be made at such time as the Rights are not redeemable.


                                       iii
<PAGE>

                  A copy of the Rights Agreement is being filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to a Registration Statement on
Form 8-A/Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 16, 2004. A copy of the
Rights Agreement is available free of charge from the Rights Agent. This
summary description of the Rights does not purport to be complete and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the Rights Agreement, which is
incorporated herein by reference.







                                       iv
<PAGE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>gui10.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.1

                                                              December __, 2004


[Name of Employee]
[Address of Employee]


             Re: Change in Control Severance Pay Plan For Select Employees
                 ---------------------------------------------------------

Dear [Employee]:

         As you may know, Johnson & Johnson, a New Jersey corporation
("Parent"), Shelby Merger Sub, Inc., an Indiana corporation and wholly-owned
subsidiary of Parent ("Sub"), and Guidant Corporation, an Indiana corporation
(the "Company"), propose to enter into a merger agreement (the "Merger
Agreement") that will result in the Company (or the surviving corporation in
the merger pursuant to the Merger Agreement (the "Merger")) becoming
wholly-owned by Parent. As a condition to the willingness of Parent and Sub to
enter into the Merger Agreement, Parent has requested that you enter into this
letter agreement setting forth certain modifications to your rights and
obligations under the Company's Change In Control Severance Pay Plan for Select
Employees (the "CIC Severance Pay Plan"). Capitalized terms used but not
defined herein have the meanings given such terms under the CIC Severance Pay
Plan.

         Parent, the Company and you each agree as follows:

         1. Modification of "Change in Control". You agree that, with respect
to the definition of "Change in Control" as set forth in Section 3 of the CIC
Severance Pay Plan, (a) Sections 3(e) and 3(f) shall not apply and (b) Section
3(c) shall be modified by replacing the phrase "approval by the shareholders of
the Company of" with the phrase "consummation of".

         2. Modification of "Covered Termination". You agree that, with respect
to the definition of "Covered Termination" for Tier I Employees as set forth in
Section 6.A.1. of the CIC Severance Pay Plan, clause (ii) thereof shall not
apply.

         3. Modification of "Good Reason". You agree that, with respect to the
definition of "Good Reason" as set forth in Section 6.C. of the CIC Severance
Pay Plan: (a) clauses (i), (iii) and (v) thereof shall not apply; provided,
however, that "Good Reason" shall include, following the occurrence of a Change
in Control (as defined in the CIC Severance Pay Plan after taking into account
the modifications set forth above in Paragraph 1 of this letter agreement),
Parent or the Company assigning you duties or responsibilities that are
substantially inconsistent with your professional skills and experience levels
as of such Change in Control (without regard to the fact that the Company is no
longer an independent publicly held company and has become a subsidiary of
Parent); and (b) clause (iv) thereof shall be modified to read as follows:

<PAGE>


                                                                              2


         "the failure to provide the Eligible Employee with pension, retirement
         savings, welfare and fringe benefits that in the aggregate are either
         (x) substantially similar to the pension, retirement savings, welfare
         and fringe benefits provided to similarly situated employees of Parent
         and its subsidiaries (other than the Company and its subsidiaries) or
         (y) not materially less favorable than the pension, retirement
         savings, welfare and fringe benefits provided to the Eligible Employee
         immediately prior to the Change in Control"

         4. Modification of "Cause". You agree that for purposes of Section
6.B. of the CIC Severance Pay Plan, "Cause" shall mean:

         "(i) the Eligible Employee's conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere
         to (1) a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude or (2) a felony (or the
         equivalent of such misdemeanor or felony in a jurisdiction other than
         the United States), or the commission of any other act or omission
         involving fraud with respect to Parent, the Company or any of their
         subsidiaries or any of their customers or suppliers, (ii) conduct
         tending to bring Parent, the Company or any of their subsidiaries into
         substantial public disgrace or disrepute, (iii) the Eligible
         Employee's gross negligence or willful misconduct in the course of the
         Eligible Employee's employment with Parent, the Company or any of
         their subsidiaries, (iv) the Eligible Employee's use of alcohol or
         drugs that interferes with the performance of the Eligible Employee's
         duties and responsibilities with Parent, the Company or any of their
         subsidiaries, (v) the Eligible Employee's material violation of the
         material written policies of Parent, the Company or any of their
         subsidiaries, to the extent the Eligible Employee has reasonable
         notice of such policies or (vi) misappropriation, embezzlement or
         material misuse of funds or property belonging to Parent, the Company
         or any of their subsidiaries""

         5. Retention Bonus. (a) If you remain in continuous employment with
the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates through the expiration of the
two-year period immediately following the consummation of the Merger (the
"Second Anniversary"), subject to Paragraph 6 below, you will receive a bonus
in an amount equal to fifty percent (50%) of the cash severance payment that
would otherwise be payable to you under Section 7 of the CIC Severance Pay Plan
(assuming for such purpose that your employment had been terminated immediately
following the Closing under conditions constituting a Covered Termination
(after taking into account the modifications to the CIC Severance Pay Plan as
set forth above in Paragraphs 1 through 4 of this letter agreement)), payable
in the form of a single lump-sum cash payment (the "First Retention Bonus").

         (b) If you remain in continuous employment with the Company or its
subsidiaries or affiliates from the Second Anniversary through the expiration
of the three-year period immediately following the consummation of the Merger
(the "Third Anniversary"), subject to Paragraph 6 below, you will receive an
additional bonus in an amount equal to the First Retention Bonus, payable in
the form of a single lump-sum cash payment (the "Second Retention Bonus").

         (c) If during the period commencing immediately following the Second
Anniversary and ending on the Third Anniversary, your employment with the
Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates is involuntarily terminated by the
Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates other than for Cause (as defined in
the CIC Severance Pay Plan after taking into account the modifications set
forth above in Paragraph 4 of this letter agreement) (other than due to your
death or disability), you will be entitled to receive the Second Retention
Bonus, payable in a lump-sum cash payment following such termination of
employment, plus the non-cash benefits that would otherwise have been payable
to you
<PAGE>

                                                                              3

under the CIC Severance Pay Plan pursuant to the terms thereof had such
termination of employment occurred during the two-year period immediately
following the consummation of the Merger. For the avoidance of doubt, in no
event shall you be eligible to receive the Second Retention Bonus if you
voluntarily terminate your employment for any reason.

         (d) In the event that your receipt of the payment of the First
Retention Bonus and/or the Second Retention Bonus results in the imposition on
you of the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (the "Code"), you shall be entitled to the benefit of the provisions
of the CIC Severance Pay Plan with respect to Section 4999 of the Code as if
such provisions by their terms applied to the First Retention Bonus and/or the
Second Retention Bonus payable hereunder.

         6. General Waiver and Release. You agree that neither the First
Retention Bonus nor the Second Retention Bonus to which you may become entitled
hereunder shall become payable to you until you execute prior to the payment of
each such amount, a general waiver and release of all claims, including those
under the CIC Severance Pay Plan, in favor of Parent, the Company and their
respective subsidiaries and affiliates, and others related to such entities
(including but not limited to their respective directors, officers and
employees), in a form which is a customary waiver and release of Parent, and
such waiver and release becomes effective.

         7. Effect of Covered Termination. For the avoidance of doubt, if,
within the two-year period immediately following the consummation of the
Merger, your employment is terminated under conditions constituting a Covered
Termination (after taking into account the modifications to the CIC Severance
Pay Plan as set forth above in Paragraphs 1 through 4 of this letter
agreement), you will be entitled to the payments and benefits under the CIC
Severance Pay Plan pursuant to the terms thereof.

         8. Restrictions on Termination of Employment Prior to Closing. (a) The
Company agrees that during the period following the signing of the Merger
Agreement and prior to the consummation of the Merger (the "Pre-Closing
Period"), it shall not terminate your employment other than for Cause (as
defined in the CIC Severance Pay Plan after taking into account the
modifications set forth above in Paragraph 4 of this letter agreement), except
that your employment may be terminated during the Pre-Closing Period by the
Company in connection with a Specified Divestiture (as defined in the Merger
Agreement).

         (b) You agree that you shall not be permitted to terminate your
employment for Good Reason during the Pre-Closing Period.

         (c) If, during the Pre-Closing Period, your employment is terminated
by the Company in connection with a Specified Divestiture (as defined in the
Merger Agreement), or otherwise other than for Cause (as defined in the CIC
Severance Pay Plan after taking into account the modifications set forth above
in Paragraph 4 of this letter agreement), you will be entitled to the payments
and benefits under the CIC Severance Pay Plan pursuant to the terms thereof as
if such termination of employment constituted a Covered Termination thereunder.

         9. Consent to Option Treatment. For the avoidance of doubt, you hereby
agree that the treatment of outstanding options to acquire common stock of the
Company in the manner contemplated by the Merger Agreement shall be applicable
to any such options held by you.

<PAGE>

                                                                              4

         10. Withholding. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable
under this letter agreement such Federal, state, local or foreign taxes as
shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

         11. Not an Employment Agreement. The terms of this letter agreement
neither bind you to continued employment with Parent, the Company or any of
their respective subsidiaries and affiliates nor confer any rights upon you
with respect to the continuation of employment by Parent, the Company (other
than as specifically provided in Paragraph 8 of this letter agreement) or any
of their respective subsidiaries and affiliates.

         12. Governing Law. This letter agreement will be governed by,
construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New
Jersey, without regard to its principles of conflicts of laws.

         13. Entire Agreement. This letter agreement contains the entire
agreement among you, Parent and the Company concerning the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, discussions,
negotiations and undertakings, whether written or oral, among you, Parent and
the Company with respect hereto. You acknowledge and agree that this letter
agreement constitutes an amendment to the CIC Severance Pay Plan in respect of
your participation and rights to any benefits thereunder. This letter agreement
may not be modified or amended except by a writing signed by each of the
parties hereto.

         14. Successors and Assigns. This letter agreement shall be binding on
(a) you and your estate and legal representatives and (b) the Company, Parent,
and their respective successors and assigns. The Company and Parent shall
require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger,
consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or
assets of the Company or the Parent, as the case may be, expressly to assume
and agree to perform this letter agreement in the same manner and to the same
extent that the Company and Parent would have been required to perform it if no
such succession had taken place.

         15. Counterparts. This letter agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which
together shall be considered one and the same agreement.

<PAGE>

                                                                              5

         You acknowledge that your agreement to the terms and conditions of
this letter agreement is in consideration of the benefits provided under
Paragraph 5 of this letter agreement and is an inducement to and a condition of
Parent's and Sub's willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement. This letter
agreement will be void and of no further force and effect if the Merger
Agreement is terminated prior to the consummation of the Merger (it being
understood that Parent shall have no liabilities or obligations hereunder
unless and until the Merger is consummated).


                                                Very truly yours,

                                                GUIDANT CORPORATION


                                                By:
                                                   --------------------------
                                                Name:
                                                Title:


                                                JOHNSON & JOHNSON


                                                By:
                                                   --------------------------
                                                Name:
                                                Title:


Agreed and Accepted:


- ------------------------
[Employee]



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
