

EXHIBIT 4.1


THIS  WARRANT  HAS NOT BEEN  REGISTERED  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OF 1933,  AS
AMENDED,  OR APPLICABLE  STATE  SECURITIES  LAWS, NOR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY
OTHER  JURISDICTION.  THIS WARRANT MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE
OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THOSE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN OPINION
OF COUNSEL, IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE  SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT THE SALE OR
TRANSFER IS PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION TO THE  REGISTRATION  REQUIREMENTS OF THOSE
SECURITIES LAWS.

                                -----------------

No. CS-104                                         Dated as of December 22, 2004
- ----------

         Void after 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on December 22, 2009

                                     WARRANT

             for the Purchase of 229,500,000 Shares of Common Stock

     FOR  VALUE  RECEIVED,   NCT  GROUP,   INC.  (the  "Company"),   a  Delaware
corporation,  on this day of December 22, 2004 (the "Grant  Date") hereby issues
this warrant (the "Warrant") and certifies that Carole Salkind (the "Holder") is
granted the right,  subject to the  provisions of the Warrant,  to purchase from
the Company,  at any time, or from time to time during the period  commencing at
9:00 a.m. New York City local time on December 22, 2004,  and  expiring,  unless
earlier  terminated as  hereinafter  provided,  at 5:00 p.m. New York City local
time on December  22, 2009 up to Two Hundred  Twenty-Nine  Million  Five Hundred
Thousand (229,500,000) fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock, $.01
par value,  of the Company at a price per share (the "Exercise  Price") equal to
$0.0166.

     The term "Common  Stock" means the shares of Common Stock,  $.01 par value,
of the Company constituted on the Grant Date of this Warrant,  together with any
other equity securities that may be issued by the Company in addition thereto or
in  substitution  therefor.  The number of shares of Common Stock to be received
upon  the  exercise  of  this  Warrant  may be  adjusted  from  time  to time as
hereinafter  set  forth.  The  shares  of  Common  Stock  deliverable  upon such
exercise,  and as adjusted from time to time, are hereinafter sometimes referred
to as "Warrant Stock".

     Upon receipt by the Company of evidence  reasonably  satisfactory  to it of
the loss, theft,  destruction or mutilation of this Warrant, and (in the case of
loss, theft or destruction) of reasonably satisfactory indemnification, and upon
surrender  and  cancellation  of this Warrant,  if mutilated,  the Company shall
execute and  deliver a new Warrant of like tenor and date.  Any such new Warrant
executed and delivered shall constitute an additional  contractual obligation on
the part of the Company,  whether or not this Warrant so lost, stolen, destroyed
or mutilated shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.

     The Holder agrees with the Company that this Warrant is issued, and all the
rights  hereunder shall be held,  subject to all of the conditions,  limitations
and provisions set forth herein.

     1.  Exercise of Warrant.  This Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part
at any time,  or from time to time,  during the period  commencing at 9:00 a.m.,
New York City local time, on December 22, 2004,  and expiring at 5:00 p.m.,  New
York City local time,  on December 22,

<PAGE>


2009, or, if such day is a day on which banking  institutions in the City of New
York are authorized by law to close,  then on the next succeeding day that shall
not be such a day.

     Subject to the restrictions  and limitations set forth above,  this Warrant
may be  exercised by  presentation  and  surrender  hereof to the Company at its
principal  office with the Warrant  Exercise Form attached  hereto duly executed
and  accompanied  by payment  (either in cash or by certified  or official  bank
check, payable to the order of the Company) of the Exercise Price for the number
of shares  specified in such Form and  instruments of transfer,  if appropriate,
duly executed by the Holder.  If this Warrant  should be exercised in part only,
the Company shall, upon surrender of this Warrant for cancellation,  execute and
deliver a new Warrant  evidencing  the rights of the Holder  thereof to purchase
the balance of the shares purchasable hereunder.  Upon receipt by the Company of
this Warrant, together with the Warrant Exercise Form and the Exercise Price, at
its office,  in proper form for  exercise,  the Holder shall be deemed to be the
holder of record of the  shares of Common  Stock  issuable  upon such  exercise,
notwithstanding  that the stock  transfer  books of the  Company  shall  then be
closed or that  certificates  representing such shares of Common Stock shall not
then be  actually  delivered  to the Holder.  The Company  shall pay any and all
documentary  stamp or similar issue or transfer  taxes payable in respect of the
issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock on exercise of this Warrant.

     2.  Reservation  of  Shares.  The  Company  will at all times  reserve  for
issuance and delivery  upon  exercise of this Warrant all shares of Common Stock
of the Company from time to time receivable  upon exercise of this Warrant.  All
such shares shall be duly authorized and, when issued upon such exercise,  shall
be validly  issued,  fully  paid and  nonassessable  and free of all  preemptive
rights.

     3. Warrant Stock  Transfer to Comply with the  Securities  Act of 1933. The
Warrant  Stock  may not be sold  or  otherwise  disposed  of  unless  registered
pursuant to the  provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933
Act"), or an opinion of counsel in form and content  satisfactory to the Company
is obtained  stating that such sale or other  disposition  is made in compliance
with  an  available  exemption  from  such  registration.   Any  sale  or  other
disposition  of the Warrant  Stock must also comply  with all  applicable  state
securities laws and regulations.

     4. Fractional Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional
shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant,  but the Company shall
issue one  additional  share of its Common  Stock in lieu of each  fraction of a
share otherwise called for upon any exercise of this Warrant.

     5. Exchange,  Transfer,  Assignment of Loss of Warrant. This Warrant is not
registered  under the 1933 Act nor under any applicable  state securities law or
regulation.  This Warrant cannot be sold,  exchanged,  transferred,  assigned or
otherwise  disposed of unless registered  pursuant to the provisions of the 1933
Act or an opinion of counsel in form and content  satisfactory to the Company is
obtained  stating  that such  disposition  is in  compliance  with an  available
exemption  from  registration.  Any  such  disposition  must  also  comply  with
applicable state securities laws and regulations.

                                       2
<PAGE>


     6.  Rights of the  Holder.  The Holder  shall  not,  by virtue  hereof,  be
entitled  to any rights of a  stockholder  of the  Company,  either at law or in
equity,  and the  rights of the Holder are  limited to those  expressed  in this
Warrant.

     7. Redemption. This Warrant is not redeemable by the Company.

     8. Anti-Dilution Provisions.

     8.1  Adjustment  for  Dividends  in  Other  Securities,   Property,   Etc.:
Reclassification,  Etc. In case at any time or from time to time after the Grant
Date the holders of Common Stock (or any other securities at the time receivable
upon the  exercise  of this  Warrant)  shall have  received,  or on or after the
record date fixed for the  determination  of eligible  stockholders,  shall have
become  entitled to receive without  payment  therefor:  (a) other or additional
securities or property  (other than cash) by way of dividend,  (b) any cash paid
or  payable  except out of earned  surplus  of the  Company at the Grant Date as
increased  (decreased)  by  subsequent  credits  (charges)  thereto  (other than
credits  in respect of any  capital or paid-in  surplus or surplus  created as a
result  of a  revaluation  of  property)  or (c) other or  additional  (or less)
securities  or  property  (including  cash)  by  way of  stock-split,  spin-off,
split-up,   reclassification,   combination  of  shares  or  similar   corporate
rearrangement, then, and in each such case, the Holder of this Warrant, upon the
exercise thereof as provided in Section 1, shall be entitled to receive, subject
to the limitations and  restrictions  set forth above,  the amount of securities
and  property  (including  cash in the cases  referred to in clauses (b) and (c)
above) which such Holder would hold on the date of such exercise if on the Grant
Date it had been the  holder of record of the  number of shares of Common  Stock
(as constituted on the Grant Date) subscribed for upon such exercise as provided
in Section 1 and had  thereafter,  during the period  from the Grant Date to and
including  the date of such  exercise,  retained  such  shares  and/or all other
additional  (or  less)  securities  and  property  (including  cash in the cases
referred to in clauses (b) and (c) above)  receivable by it as aforesaid  during
such period,  giving effect to all adjustments  called for during such period by
Section 8.2.

     8.2 Adjustment for Reorganization,  Consolidation,  Merger, Etc. In case of
any reorganization of the Company (or any other  corporation,  the securities of
which are at the time  receivable  on the  exercise of this  Warrant)  after the
Grant  Date  or in  case  after  such  date  the  Company  (or  any  such  other
corporation) shall consolidate with or merge into another  corporation or convey
all or substantially all of its assets to another corporation, then, and in each
such case,  the Holder of this Warrant upon the exercise  thereof as provided in
Section  1  at  any  time  after  the   consummation  of  such   reorganization,
consolidation,  merger or conveyance,  shall be entitled to receive,  in lieu of
the securities and property  receivable  upon the exercise of this Warrant prior
to such consummation, the securities or property to which such Holder would have
been entitled upon such  consummation  if such Holder had exercised this Warrant
immediately  prior  thereto,  all subject to further  adjustment  as provided in
Section 8.1; in each such case, the terms of this Warrant shall be applicable to
the  securities or property  receivable  upon the exercise of this Warrant after
such consummation.

     8.3  Certificate  as to  Adjustments.  In each case of an adjustment in the
number of shares of Common Stock (or other securities or property) receivable on
the exercise of the Warrant,  the Company at its expense will  promptly  compute
such  adjustment  in  accordance  with the

                                       3
<PAGE>


terms of the Warrant and prepare a certificate setting forth such adjustment and
showing in detail the facts upon which such  adjustment  is based,  including  a
statement of (a) the consideration received or to be received by the Company for
any  additional  shares  of Common  Stock  issued or sold or deemed to have been
issued or sold,  (b) the number of shares of Common Stock  outstanding or deemed
to be  outstanding,  and (c) the pro forma adjusted  Exercise.  The Company will
forthwith mail a copy of each such certificate to the holder of this Warrant.

     8.4   Notices of Record Date, Etc.

           In case:

     (a) the Company  shall take a record of the holders of its Common Stock (or
other  securities at the time  receivable  upon the exercise of the Warrant) for
the  purpose  of  entitling  them to receive  any  dividend  (other  than a cash
dividend)  or other  distribution,  or any right to subscribe  for,  purchase or
otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any class or any other  securities,  or
to receive any other right; or

     (b) of any capital  reorganization of the Company (other than a stock split
or reverse  stock  split),  any  reclassification  of the  capital  stock of the
Company,  any  consolidation  or  merger  of the  Company  with or into  another
corporation  (other  than a merger for  purposes of change of  domicile)  or any
conveyance of all or  substantially  all of the assets of the Company to another
corporation; or

     (c) of any voluntary or involuntary dissolution,  liquidation or winding-up
of the Company,  then, and in each such case, the Company shall mail or cause to
be  mailed  to each  holder  of the  Warrant  at the time  outstanding  a notice
specifying,  as the case may be,  (i) the date on which a record  is to be taken
for the purpose of such dividend,  distribution or right, and stating the amount
and character of such dividend, distribution or right, or (ii) the date on which
such  reorganization,   reclassification,   consolidation,  merger,  conveyance,
dissolution,  liquidation or winding-up is to take place,  and the time, if any,
is to be fixed, as to which the holders of record of Common Stock (or such other
securities  at the time  receivable  upon the exercise of the Warrant)  shall be
entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock (or such other securities) for
securities   or   other   property   deliverable   upon   such   reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger, conveyance, dissolution, liquidation or
winding-up.  Such notice  shall be mailed at least twenty (20) days prior to the
date  therein  specified  and the  Warrant may be  exercised  prior to said date
during the term of the Warrant no later than five (5) days prior to said date.

     9. Legend. In the event of the exercise of this Warrant and the issuance of
any of the Warrant Stock hereunder, all certificates  representing Warrant Stock
shall bear on the face thereof  substantially the following legends,  insofar as
is consistent with Delaware law:

        "The shares of common stock  represented by this certificate
        have not been  registered  under the Securities Act of 1933,
        as  amended,  or the  Securities  laws of any state or other
        jurisdiction,  and  may  not  be  sold,  offered  for  sale,
        assigned,  transferred  or  otherwise  disposed  of,  unless
        registered  pursuant  to the  provisions  of that Act and of
        such Securities laws or an opinion of counsel  acceptable to
        the Corporation is

                                       4
<PAGE>


        obtained stating that such disposition is in compliance with
        an available exemption from such registration."

     10. Governing Law and  Jurisdiction.  This Warrant shall be governed by the
internal  laws of the State of  Delaware,  without  regard to  conflicts of laws
principles.  The parties hereto hereby submit to the exclusive  jurisdiction  of
the United States Federal Courts located in the state of New Jersey with respect
to any dispute arising under this Warrant.

     11. Notices.  Notices,  demands and other  communications  given under this
Agreement  shall be in  writing  and shall be deemed  to have  been  given  when
delivered  (if  personally  delivered),  on the  scheduled  date of delivery (if
delivered  via  commercial  courier),  three  days  after  mailed  (if mailed by
certified  or  registered  mail,  return  receipt  requested)  or  when  sent by
facsimile  (if  sent by  facsimile  with  evidence  of  successful  transmission
retained by the  sender);  provided,  however,  that  failure to give proper and
timely  notice as set forth in the "with a copy to"  provisions  below shall not
invalidate a notice  properly and timely given to the associated  party.  Unless
another  address or  facsimile  number is  specified  by notice  hereunder,  all
notices shall be sent as follows:


If to the Holder:                            with a copy to:
- ----------------                             --------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ms. Carole Salkind                           Peter Rosen, Esq.
18911 Collins Ave., Apt. 2403                Rosen & Avigliano
Sunny Isles Beach, FL 33160                  431 Route 10 East
                                             Randolph, NJ  07689
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Facsimile:  305-932-2425                     Facsimile:  973-361-1644
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If to the Borrower:                          with a copy to:
- ------------------                           --------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NCT Group, Inc.                              NCT Group, Inc.
20 Ketchum Street                            20 Ketchum Street
Westport, CT  06880                          Westport, CT  06880
Attention:  Chief Financial Officer          Attention:  General Counsel
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Facsimile:  203-226-4338                     Facsimile:  203-226-4338
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be signed on its
behalf,  in its corporate name, by its duly authorized  officer,  as of the date
first written above.


                                         NCT GROUP, INC.


                                         By:  Michael J. Parrella
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Michael J. Parrella
                                              Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

                                       5
<PAGE>


                              WARRANT EXERCISE FORM

         (To be executed by the Holder in order to Exercise the Warrant)

          TO:   NCT Group, Inc.
                20 Ketchum Street
                Westport, CT  06880
                Attention:  Chief Financial Officer

     The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the within Warrant to
the extent of purchasing _________ shares of Common Stock of NCT Group, Inc. and
hereby  makes  payment at the rate of  $______  per share,  or an  aggregate  of
$________, in payment therefor.

     The  undersigned  represents,  warrants and  certifies  that all offers and
sales  of the  Warrant  Stock  shall  be  made:  (i)  pursuant  to an  effective
registration  statement  under the 1933 Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or
in a transaction not subject to, the registration  requirements of the 1993 Act;
and (ii) in compliance  with applicable  state  securities laws and those of any
other applicable jurisdiction.


Dated:
       -----------------------

                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Name of Warrant Holder


                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Signature


                ------------------------------------------------

                       INSTRUCTIONS FOR ISSUANCE OF STOCK

         (if other than to the registered holder of the within Warrant)


Name:
             --------------------------------------------------------
                  (Please type or print in block letters)

Address:
          --------------------------------------------------------

Social Security or Taxpayer Identification Number:
                                                    ----------------------

                                       6


