
<PAGE>

                    [MADISON RIVER COMMUNICATIONS LOGO]


For Immediate Release: December 23, 2004


                     MADISON RIVER COMMUNICATIONS FILES
                    REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR PROPOSED
                  INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING OF COMMON STOCK

Mebane, North Carolina - December 23, 2004 - Madison River Communications
Corp. ("Madison River Communications"), a company formed to be the holding
company for the operations of Madison River Telephone Company, LLC ("MRTC")
and Madison River Capital, LLC, announced today that it filed a registration
statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for an initial public
offering of Madison River Communications' common stock. The offering will
consist of shares to be offered by Madison River Communications and by
certain existing security holders of MRTC.

In connection with the offering, Madison River Communications expects to use
the proceeds of the offering, together with borrowings under new credit
facilities and cash on hand to (i) repay all outstanding loans under its
subsidiary's existing senior credit facilities, (ii) repay all outstanding
13.25% senior  notes of Madison River Capital, LLC due 2010, (iii) repay
certain other  indebtedness and (iv) redeem the outstanding minority interest
in one of its operating subsidiaries.

Lehman Brothers Inc. and Merrill Lynch & Co. are serving as joint bookrunners
in connection with the offering and Goldman, Sachs & Co. is serving as joint
lead manager in connection with the offering.

A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission but has not yet become effective. These
securities may not be sold nor may offers to buy be accepted prior to the
time the registration statement becomes effective. This press release shall
not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor
shall there be any sale of these securities in any State in which such offer,
solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification
under the securities laws of any such State.

When available, interested persons may obtain a copy of the preliminary
prospectus relating to the offering from: Lehman Brothers Inc. c/o, ADP
Financial Services Integrated Distribution Services, 1155 Long Island Avenue
Edgewood, NY 11717; Merrill Lynch & Co., Prospectus Department, 4 World
Financial Center, New York, NY 10080, (212) 449-1000; and Goldman, Sachs &
Co., 85 Broad Street, New York, NY 10004, Attention: Prospectus Department,
(212) 902-1171.



<PAGE>



About Madison River Communications Corp.
Madison River Communications will become the holding company for the
operations of MRTC in a reorganization to occur in connection with the
offering. MRTC is the parent of Madison River Capital, LLC.  Madison River
Communications, a leading provider of telecommunication services, operates
and enhances rural local exchange carriers in North Carolina, Illinois,
Alabama and Georgia and competitive communications services in its edge-out
markets.

Forward-Looking Statements
Statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact
constitute "forward-looking statements" that involve risks and uncertainties.
Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-
looking words such as "may," "will," "expect," "intend," "estimate,"
"anticipate," "plan," "seek" or "believe," or by discussion of strategy that
involves risks and uncertainties. These statements involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results,
performance or achievements of Madison River Communications to be materially
different from historical results or from any future results expressed or
implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements
contained herein are also subject generally to other risks and uncertainties
that are described in the registration statement and in Madison River
Communications' other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue
reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results.






                                      2





