
<PAGE>
                                                                EXHIBIT 99.1



For Immediate Release:

                                   Contact:  Arthur Newman

                                             Chief Financial Officer

                                             (615) 301-3178

                                             Art.newman@healthstream.com





                                             Mollie Elizabeth Condra

                                             Communications & Investor Relations

                                             (615) 301-3237

                                             mollie.condra@healthstream.com




                  HEALTHSTREAM'S LEARNING SOLUTIONS SELECTED BY
                             HEALTHSOUTH CORPORATION

NASHVILLE, Tenn.--(BusinessWire)--December 23, 2004--HealthStream, Inc. (NASDAQ:
HSTM), the leading provider of learning solutions for the healthcare industry,
today announced that it has been selected by HealthSouth Corporation (OTC:
HLSH.PK) to provide learning solutions to their employees, with a two-year
contract signed by both parties. The contract extends through March 2007 and
thereafter through two annual renewal periods.

HealthStream reiterates its 2005 financial expectations that include revenue
growth of 15 to 20 percent over 2004 and turning net income positive during
2005.

ABOUT HEALTHSTREAM

HealthStream (NASDAQ: HSTM) is a leading provider of learning solutions for the
healthcare industry. As of September 30, 2004, approximately 1,057,000
contracted healthcare professionals have selected the Internet-based
HealthStream Learning Center(TM), HealthStream's learning platform. The
Company's learning products and services are used by healthcare organizations to
meet the full range of their training needs, while, concurrently, supporting
business objectives. Once subscribed to the HealthStream Learning Center(TM),
customers benefit from increased compliance, reduced risks, and improved
learning effectiveness. In addition, HealthStream has pioneered a new
collaboration with pharmaceutical and medical device companies to assist them in
product launch and market education initiatives within the Company's nationwide
network of hospital customers. Nine of the top ten medical device companies and
eight of the top ten pharmaceutical companies are among the organizations in
HealthStream's growing customer base. (www.healthstream.com)

This press release includes certain forward-looking statements (statements other
than solely with respect to historical fact). These statements are based upon
management's beliefs, as well as assumptions made by and data currently
available to management. This information has been, or in the future may be,
included in reliance on the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such results or
events predicted in these statements may differ materially from actual future
events or results. Such forward-looking information should not be regarded as a
representation or warranty by the Company that such projections will be
realized. Many of the factors that will determine the Company's future results
are beyond the ability of the Company to control or predict. Readers should not
place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect management's
views only as of the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to update
or revise any such forward-looking statements.

