
                                                                Exhibit 8.1


                        SIDLEY AUSTIN BROWN & WOOD LLP

 BEIJING                     787 SEVENTH AVENUE                   LOS ANGELES
  ----                    NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10019                    ----
BRUSSELS                  TELEPHONE 212 839 5300                    NEW YORK
  ----                     FACSIMILE 212 839 5599                     ----
 CHICAGO                       www.sidley.com                    SAN FRANCISCO
  ----                                                                ----
 DALLAS                        FOUNDED 1866                         SHANGHAI
  ----                                                                ----
 GENEVA                                                            SINGAPORE
  ----                                                                ----
HONG KONG                                                             TOKYO
  ----                                                                ----
 LONDON                                                         WASHINGTON, D.C.






                               December 29, 2004



Countrywide Securities Corporation               The Bank of New York
4500 Park Granada                                101 Barclay Street, 12E
Calabasas, California  91302                     New York, New York  10286

                                                 Wells Fargo Bank, National

          Re:  CWABS, Inc.
               Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2004-S1
               -----------------------------------------


Ladies and Gentlemen:

     We have acted as special counsel for CWABS, Inc., a Delaware  corporation
(the  "Company"),   in  connection  with  the  issuance  of  the  CWABS,  Inc.
Asset-Backed Certificates of the above-referenced Series (the "Certificates").
The Class A-1, Class A-2,  Class A-3, Class A-IO,  Class A-R, Class M-1, Class
M-2  and  Class  M-3  Certificates  are  referred  to  herein  as the  "Public
Certificates."

     The Certificates  represent the entire beneficial ownership interest in a
trust fund (the "Trust  Fund")  created  pursuant  to a Pooling and  Servicing
Agreement dated as of December 1, 2004 (the "Pooling and Servicing Agreement")
by and among the Company, as depositor,  Countrywide Home Loans, Inc. ("CHL"),
as seller,  Countrywide Home Loans Servicing LP, as master servicer,  The Bank
of New York, as trustee (the "Trustee"), and Wells Fargo Bank,



  SIDLEY AUSTIN BROWN & WOOD LLP IS A DELAWARE LIMITED LIABILITY PARTNERSHIP
 PRACTICING IN AFFILIATION WITH OTHER SIDLEY AUSTIN BROWN & WOOD PARTNERSHIPS

<PAGE>

SIDLEY AUSTIN BROWN & WOOD LLP                                       NEW YORK

December 29, 2004
Page 2


National  Association,  as  co-trustee.  The assets of the Trust Fund  consist
primarily  of a pool of fixed  rate  mortgage  loans  (the  "Mortgage  Loans")
secured by second liens on one- to four-family residential properties.

     Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned
to such terms in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement.

     In  arriving at the  opinions  expressed  below,  we have  examined  such
documents and records as we have deemed appropriate, including the following:

          (1) Signed copy of the Registration  Statement on Form S-3 (File No.
     333-118926)  filed  by the  Company  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange
     Commission  (the  "Commission")  under  the  Securities  Act of 1933,  as
     amended  (the "1933  Act"),  (such  registration  statement,  as declared
     effective by the Commission on October 18, 2004, is referred to herein as
     the "Registration Statement").

          (2) The Prospectus  dated October 25, 2004 (the "Base  Prospectus"),
     as  supplemented  by the  Prospectus  Supplement  relating  to the Public
     Certificates,  dated December 16, 2004 (the "Prospectus Supplement"),  in
     the form to be filed with the  Commission  pursuant to Rule 424(b)  under
     the 1933 Act (the Base  Prospectus,  as  supplemented  by the  Prospectus
     Supplement, the "Prospectus").

          (3)  The  Pooling  and  Servicing   Agreement   (together  with  the
     Prospectus, the "Documents").

          (4) A specimen Certificate of each Class of Certificates.

     In addition,  we have made such  investigations of such matters of law as
we deemed appropriate as a basis for the opinions expressed below. Further, we
have assumed the  genuineness of all signatures  and the  authenticity  of all
documents  submitted  to us as  originals.  Our opinions are also based on the
assumption  that there are no  agreements  or  understandings  with respect to
those transactions contemplated in the Documents other than those contained in
the Documents.  Furthermore, our opinions are based on the assumption that all
parties to the Documents will comply with the terms thereof, including all tax
reporting   requirements   contained   therein.   We  have  assumed  that  the
transactions  described are not part of another  transaction or another series
of  transactions  that would  require  the  Company,  any  investor,  or other
participant  to treat  such  transaction  or  transactions  as  subject to the
disclosure,  registration,  or list maintenance requirements of sections 6011,
6111, or 6112 of the Code.

     As to any  facts  material  to the  following  opinions  which we did not
independently  establish  or  verify,  we  have  relied  upon  statements  and
representations of the responsible  officers and other  representatives of the
Company and of public officials and agencies. We have, for

<PAGE>

SIDLEY AUSTIN BROWN & WOOD LLP                                       NEW YORK

December 29, 2004
Page 3



purposes of rendering the opinions, also relied on certain factual,  numerical
and statistical  information which is based on the assumptions used in pricing
the Certificates.

     Based upon the  foregoing,  we are of the  opinion  that:  (i) each REMIC
described in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement will qualify as a real estate
mortgage  investment  conduit  within the meaning of Section 860D of the Code,
(ii) the  Public  Certificates  other  than the  Class A-R  Certificates  (the
"Regular  Certificates")  will be treated as regular  interests  in the Master
REMIC,  (iii) the Class A-R Certificates will represent  ownership of the sole
class  of  residual  interest  in each  REMIC  described  in the  Pooling  and
Servicing  Agreement  and (iv) the rights of the Regular  Certificates  (other
than the Class A-IO  Certificates)  to  receive  payments  from the  Carryover
Reserve Fund with respect to Net Rate Carryover represent,  for federal income
tax purposes,  contractual  rights coupled with regular  interests  within the
meaning of Treasury regulations ss.1.860G-2(i).

     These  opinions  are based upon the  current  provisions  of the Code and
Treasury regulations issued or proposed thereunder,  Revenue Rulings and other
published  releases of the Internal  Revenue Service and current case law, any
of which can change at any time.  Any change  could  apply  retroactively  and
modify the legal conclusions upon which our opinions are based. Our opinion is
limited as described  above, and we do not express an opinion on any other tax
aspect of the transactions contemplated by the Pooling and Servicing Agreement
or the effect of such transactions on Countrywide Financial  Corporation,  any
member  of  its  federal  consolidated  group  or  any  of  its  wholly  owned
affiliates.

     In rendering the foregoing opinions, we express no opinion on the laws of
any jurisdiction  other than the federal income tax laws of the United States.
This opinion is rendered as of the date hereof and we undertake no  obligation
to update this  opinion or advise you of any changes in the event there is any
change in legal  authorities,  facts,  assumptions  or documents on which this
opinion  is based  (including  the  taking  of any  action by any party to the
Documents  pursuant to any opinion of counsel or a waiver),  or any inaccuracy
in any of the  representations,  warranties or assumptions  upon which we have
relied in rendering this opinion unless we are specifically  engaged to do so.
This opinion is rendered  only to those to whom it is addressed and may not be
relied on in  connection  with any  transactions  other than the  transactions
contemplated  herein.  This  opinion  may not be  relied  upon  for any  other
purpose,  or relied  upon by any other  person,  firm or  corporation  for any
purpose, without our prior written consent.

                                       Very truly yours,

                                       /s/ Sidley Ausitn Brown & Wood LLP

