


MEASURMENT
   SPECIALTIES
- ---------


PRESS RELEASE

                                   12/20/2004

            MEASUREMENT SPECIALTIES EXECUTES DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT TO
                              ACQUIRE HUMIREL, SA

                       Frank Guidone, CEO - (973) 808-3020

             Boutcher & Boutcher Investor Relations - (973) 239-2878

FAIRFIELD, NJ, DECEMBER 20, 2004 - Measurement Specialties, Inc. (AMEX: MSS), a
designer and manufacturer of sensors and sensor-based consumer products,
announced today it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the stock
of Humirel SA ("Humirel"), a designer/manufacturer of humidity sensors and
assemblies based in France, for 19 million Euro, or $25.3 million ($23.4 million
at close and $1.9 million in deferred payment). Furthermore, the sellers can
earn up to an additional $6.3 million if certain performance hurdles are
achieved. Management shareholders received $476,000 of the closing consideration
in restricted stock, or 20,000 shares. The transaction is expected to close on
or before December 23, 2005.

To support the financing of the transaction, the Company has entered into a new,
$35 million five-year credit agreement with GE Commercial Finance, Commercial &
Industrial Finance, comprised of a $20 million term loan and $15 million
revolving credit facility. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Wachovia Bank National
Association participated in the syndication.

"I am extremely pleased to announce the acquisition of Humirel by MSI,"
commented Frank Guidone, Company CEO. "The combination of proprietary IP, rapid
growth opportunities, strong margins and seasoned European management team make
this an excellent addition to our portfolio. For calendar 2004, Humirel will
post approximately $7.9 million in sales, a 64% increase over 2003. For MSI's
Fiscal 2006 (beginning April 05), we expect Humirel to contribute $12 million to
$15 million in sales and $2 million to $3 million in operating profit. Humirel's
proprietary technology offers customers a combination of low cost, durability
and high performance. Accordingly, we anticipate Humirel's annual growth rate
will significantly exceed that of our core sensor business for several years. We
will review the Humirel and recently announced MWS Sensorik acquisitions and
their impact to Fiscal 2006 in a conference call later today."

Humirel (www.humirel.com), based in Toulouse, France, designs and manufactures
humidity sensors and assemblies for automotive, heavy truck, HVAC and consumer
products markets. The Company's products are used in OEM applications such as
automotive windshield defogging, diesel engine performance and emissions
management and control, and consumer durable goods humidity measurement, among
others. End customers include several major European, US and Asian automakers,
most major diesel engine companies and leading consumer HVAC and durable goods
manufacturers.


<PAGE>
Jean-Francois Allier, Humirel CEO and principal shareholder commented, "Becoming
a part of the MSI Sensors organization (the sensor business of MSI) is an
exciting prospect for Humirel. As a global operating company it will solidify
our presence in the worldwide market. The combination of access to capital and
significant, identified synergies will help fuel our growth plans into the
future."

The Company will host a teleconference to discuss the transactions and financing
agreement this afternoon at 1:00 PM (Eastern Time). To participate please dial,
(800) 230-1766, International callers should dial (612) 332-0345. Interested
parties may also listen via the Internet at: www.vcall.com. The call will be
available for replay for 30 days through AT&T by dialing 800 475-6701 (US
dialers), International callers should dial 320-365-3844 then enter access code
763022, at www.vcall.com, and on the company's website at www.msiusa.com.

ABOUT MSI.

Measurement Specialties, Inc. designs and manufactures sensors and sensor-based
consumer products. The Sensor division, also known as MSI Sensors, produces a
wide variety of sensors and transducers to measure precise ranges of physical
characteristics such as pressure, force, vibration, position, tilt, flow and
distance. MSI Sensors uses multiple advanced technologies - including
piezoresistive, electro-optic, electro-magnetic, capacitive, application
specific integrated circuits (ASICs), micro-electromechanical systems (MEMS),
piezoelectric polymers and strain gauges - to engineer sensors that operate
precisely and cost effectively. The Consumer division produces OEM bathroom
scales, Accutire(R) brand tire pressure gauges and other products.

This release includes forward looking statements within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including but not limited to, statements
regarding non-recurring expenses, and resolution of pending litigation. Forward
looking statements may be identified by such words or phases "should",
"intends", "expects", "will", "continue", "anticipate", "estimated",
"projected", "may", "we believe", "future prospects", or similar expressions.
The forward-looking statements above involve a number of risks and
uncertainties. Factors that might cause actual results to differ include, but
are not limited to, success of any reorganization; ability to raise additional
funds; conditions in the general economy and in the markets served by the
Company; competitive factors, such as price pressures and the potential
emergence of rival technologies; interruptions of suppliers' operations
affecting availability of component materials at reasonable prices; timely
development and market acceptance, and warranty performance of new products;
success in integrating acquired businesses; changes in product mix, costs and
yields, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; uncertainties related
to doing business in Hong Kong and China; and the risk factors listed from time
to time in the Company's SEC reports. The Company from time-to-time considers
acquiring or disposing of business or product lines. Forward-looking statements
do not include the impact of acquisitions or dispositions of assets, which could
affect results in the near term. Actual results may differ materially. The
Company assumes no obligation to update the information in this issue.

Measurement Specialties, Inc., 10 Washington Ave., Fairfield, NJ 07004-3877, USA


<PAGE>

