


MEASURMENT
   SPECIALTIES
- ---------


PRESS RELEASE
                                   12/14/2004

            MEASUREMENT SPECIALTIES EXECUTES DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT TO
                            ACQUIRE MWS SENSORIK GMBH

                        Frank Guidone, CEO - 973 808-3020

                          Aimee Boutcher - 973 239-2878

FAIRFIELD, NJ, DECEMBER 14, 2004 - Measurement Specialties, Inc. (AMEX: MSS), a
designer and manufacturer of sensors and sensor-based consumer products,
announced today it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire MWS
Sensorik GmbH ("MWS") for  900,000 ( 650,000 at close and  250,000 in deferred
payments), or approximately $1.2 million. The transaction is expected to close
on or before January 10, 2005, and will be effective as of January 1, 2005.

"The acquisition of MWS is another step in our effort to build a global shock
and vibration group" commented Frank Guidone, Company CEO. "MWS has focused
largely on the crash test market in Germany, and is a nice compliment to
Entran's position in France. For fiscal 2006, we expect MWS to contribute
approximately $1.2 million in sales, and more than $250,000 in operating profit,
assuming post-closing synergies."

MWS (www.mws-sensorik.de), based in Pfaffenhofen, Germany, integrates and
distributes accelerometers and other sensors, sold primarily to the automotive
crash test market. MWS has historically used MSI's silicon micromachined
accelerometer as their die for piezoresistive sensors. MWS sells its products to
a wide variety of end-users, including Audi, BMW, Mercedes and Daimler-Chrysler,
among others.

Peter Bay, MWS Managing Director and principle shareholder commented "I am
looking forward to a continuing successful cooperation between our two
companies. Aside from the opportunities to leverage the China manufacturing
operation, we are excited about the prospects of having access to the entire MSI
product line."

ABOUT MSI

Measurement Specialties, Inc. designs and manufactures sensors and sensor-based
consumer products. The Sensor division, also known as MSI Sensors, produces a
wide variety of sensors and transducers to measure precise ranges of physical
characteristics such as pressure, motion, force, displacement, tilt, flow and
distance. MSI Sensors uses multiple advanced technologies - including
piezoresistive, electro-optic, electro-magnetic, capacitive, application
specific integrated circuits (ASICs), micro-electromechanical systems (MEMS),
piezoelectric polymers and strain gauges - to engineer sensors that operate
precisely and cost effectively. The Consumer


<PAGE>
division produces OEM bathroom scales, Accutire(R) brand tire pressure gauges
and other products.

This release includes forward looking statements within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including but not limited to, statements
regarding non-recurring expenses, and resolution of pending litigation. Forward
looking statements may be identified by such words or phases "should",
"intends", "expects", "will", "continue", "anticipate", "estimated",
"projected", "may", "we believe", "future prospects", or similar expressions.
The forward-looking statements above involve a number of risks and
uncertainties. Factors that might cause actual results to differ include, but
are not limited to, success of any reorganization; ability to raise additional
funds; conditions in the general economy and in the markets served by the
Company; competitive factors, such as price pressures and the potential
emergence of rival technologies; interruptions of suppliers' operations
affecting availability of component materials at reasonable prices; timely
development and market acceptance, and warranty performance of new products;
success in integrating acquired businesses; changes in product mix, costs and
yields, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; uncertainties related
to doing business in Hong Kong and China; and the risk factors listed from time
to time in the Company's SEC reports. The Company from time-to-time considers
acquiring or disposing of business or product lines. Forward-looking statements
do not include the impact of acquisitions or dispositions of assets, which could
affect results in the near term. Actual results may differ materially. The
Company assumes no obligation to update the information in this issue

Measurement Specialties, Inc., 10 Washington Ave., Fairfield, NJ 07004-3877, USA


<PAGE>

