
                                                                   EXHIBIT  99.1

99  CENTS  ONLY  STORES(R) ANNOUNCES APPOINTMENT OF NEW CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER.

     CITY  OF  COMMERCE,  CA  -  December  17,  2004  -  99 Cents Only Stores(R)
(NYSE:NDN)  reports  it  has  hired  James  Ritter  as  Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Ritter started on December 16, 2004.
     Mr.  Ritter  previously  was  the  Executive Vice President-Chief Financial
Officer  and  Chief  Administrative  Officer  of  Bristol  Farms,  an  upscale
full-service  supermarket chain based in Los Angeles, which was recently sold to
Albertson's.  He  has  over 25 years experience in retailing and has held senior
financial  positions  with  Fedco,  The  Children's  Place  Retail Stores, Inc.,
Motherhood  Maternity  Shops  and Federated Department Stores, Inc. Prior to his
experience  in the retail industry, Mr. Ritter was a certified public accountant
with KPMG. He also served as a combat infantry company commander with the Marine
Corps in Vietnam.
     Eric  Schiffer, President said, "We are excited to report that an executive
of  Jim's caliber has joined us as Chief Financial Officer. Jim will oversee all
of 99 Cents Only Stores' financial and accounting functions as well as Strategic
Planning. His extensive retail background will be highly valuable and he will be
instrumental  in  helping  99  Cents  Only Stores grow while maintaining a solid
financial structure."
     The  Company's  incumbent Chief Financial Officer, Andrew Farina, has moved
to the new position of Corporate Treasurer.
     "Andy  Farina  played  a  significant role in building 99 Cents Only Stores
into  an  industry  leading  retail  chain  in the single-price point category,"
Schiffer  said. "In addition to his role as Corporate Treasurer, Andy will serve
as  a resource for special projects as we continue to grow and will be available
to assist Mr. Ritter in an orderly transition."
     99  Cents  Only Stores(R), the nation's oldest existing one-price retailer,
operates  220  retail  stores  in  California,  Texas,  Arizona and Nevada and a
wholesale  division,  Bargain  Wholesale.  99  Cents  Only  Stores(R) emphasizes
name-brand  consumables,  priced  at  an  excellent  value,  in  attractively
merchandised stores.

     This  press  release  contains  forward-looking  statements,  as referenced
in  the  Private  Securities  Litigation  Reform  Act  of  1995  (the  "Act").
Forward-looking  statements  are  inherently  unreliable  and actual results may
differ. Factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from these
forward-looking  statements  include,  changes  in the competitive market place,
general  economic  conditions, factors affecting the retail industry in general,
the  timing  of  new  store openings, the ability of the Company to identify and
obtain leases for new stores, the ability of the Company to acquire inventory at
favorable  costs  and  other factors discussed in the Company's filings with the
Securities  and  Exchange  Commission.  The  Company undertakes no obligation to
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise.

Note to Editors: 99 Cents Only Stores(R) news releases and information available
on the World Wide Web at htpp://www.99only.com
CONTACT: 99 Cents Only Stores(R), City of Commerce, California, Eric Schiffer,
President, 323/980-8145


<PAGE>

