

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                             ----------------------

                                    FORM 8-K

                             Current Report Pursuant
                          to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                         Securities Exchange Act of 1934

                Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)
                                December 23, 2004

                              ULTRONICS CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


             Nevada                     33-55254-38              87-0485313
 (State or other jurisdiction of     (Commission file)         (IRS employer
         incorporation)               number)                identification no.)

           4348 Butternut Road, SLC, Utah                  84124
      (Address of principal executive offices)           (Zip code)


                                 (801) 272-2432
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2.below):

            |_| Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

            |_| Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

            |_| Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)

            |_| Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13c-4(c)


                       This document contains a total of
                                   21 pages.


                                       1
<PAGE>


Item 1.01 Other Information

         On December 23, 2004, the Company, Ultronics Acquisition Corporation
("UAC"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and General Environmental
Management, Inc. ("GEM") entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger whereby
UAC may be merged into GEM ("Merger") with GEM to be the surviving corporation.
The separate existence of UAC would cease if the Merger becomes effective.
Consummation of the Merger is subject to various conditions including approval
of the GEM stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, UAC may waive such
conditions to closing as it deems appropriate. There can be no assurance that
such contingencies will be satisfied, that the Merger Agreement will be closed,
that the combined business operations will prove successful or that the
transaction will prove to be favorable for the stockholders of the Company.

         Upon closing of the Merger Agreement, each share of GEM capital stock
that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing will be
converted into one share of the Company's common stock and all previously
outstanding shares of GEM capital stock shall no longer be outstanding and shall
automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist. All other securities
convertible into or exercisable for shares of GEM capital stock, including but
not limited to stock options and warrants issued by GEM prior to the effective
date of the Merger, shall become, without further action, convertible into or
exercisable for the same number of shares of Company common stock. GEM currently
has 16,256,560 shares of common stock outstanding and options and warrants
exercisable for an additional 8,811,347 shares of common stock. It is expected
that, assuming exercise of all GEM options and warrants, the Company would be
issuing approximately 25,067,907 shares its common stock on a fully diluted
basis in connection with the Merger.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

a.       Financial statements of businesses acquired

         Not applicable.

b.       Pro forma financial information

         Not applicable.

c.            Exhibits

       Number                                                   Description

     10.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger,  by and between  Ultronics  Corporation,
          Ultronics   Acquisition    Corporation   and   General   Environmental
          Managements, Inc., dated December 23, 2004.

                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                    ULTRONICS CORPORATION




Date: December 23, 2004             By    /s/ Reed Jensen
                                        -----------------
                                         Reed Jensen
                                         President


                                       2

<PAGE>


4

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.1

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                 BY AND BETWEEN

                             ULTRONICS CORPORATION,

                        ULTRONICS ACQUISITION CORPORATION

                                       AND

                     GENERAL ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT, INC.


<PAGE>

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

         THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (the "Agreement") is entered into
effective as of this 23rd day of December, 2004, by and among Ultronics
Corporation, a Nevada corporation (hereinafter "Ultronics"); Ultronics
Acquisition Corporation, a newly formed Nevada corporation and wholly-owned
subsidiary of Ultronics (hereinafter "UAC"); and General Environmental
Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter "GEM"). UAC and GEM are
sometimes hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Constituent
Corporations."

                                    RECITALS

         WHEREAS, the boards of directors of Ultronics, UAC and GEM,
respectively, deem it advisable and in the best interests of such corporations
and their respective stockholders that UAC merge with and into GEM pursuant to
this Agreement and the Plan and Articles of Merger in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit "A" and pursuant to applicable provisions of law (such transaction
hereafter referred to as the "Merger").

         WHEREAS, Ultronics has an authorized capitalization of 25,000,000
shares of common stock, par value $.001, all of which have been designated as
Class A Voting Common Stock (the "Ultronics Common Stock"), of which 6,000,000
shares are issued and outstanding; UAC has an authorized capitalization
consisting of 5,000 shares of common stock, $.001 par value, of which 1,000
shares are issued and outstanding (the "UAC Common Stock") and are owned by
Ultronics as of the date hereof; and GEM has an authorized capitalization
consisting of 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $.000001 par value, of which
no shares are outstanding, and 100,000,000 shares of common stock, $.000001 par
value, of which 16,256,560 shares are issued and outstanding (the "GEM Common
Stock"). All of said shares of GEM Common Stock are owned by the stockholders of
GEM as set forth on the attached Exhibit "B" (hereafter "GEM Stockholders").

         NOW THEREFORE, for the mutual consideration set out herein, and other
good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

                                    AGREEMENT

1. Plan of Reorganization. The parties hereto hereby agree that UAC shall be
merged with and into GEM upon the terms and conditions set forth herein. It is
the intention of the parties hereto that this transaction qualify as a tax-free
reorganization under Section 368(a)(2)(E) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended, and related sections thereunder (the "Code").

2. Terms of Merger. In accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the
requirements of applicable law, UAC shall be merged with and into GEM as of the
Effective Date (the terms "Closing" and "Effective Date" are defined in Section
6 hereof), GEM shall be the surviving corporation ("Surviving Corporation") and
the separate existence of UAC shall cease when the Merger shall become
effective. Consummation of the Merger shall be upon the following terms and
subject to the following conditions:

     (a) Corporate Existence.

          (1) At the Effective  Date, the Surviving  Corporation  shall continue
     its  corporate  existence  as a  Delaware  corporation  and  (i)  it  shall
     thereupon and thereafter possess all rights, privileges, powers, franchises
     and  property  (real,  personal  and  mixed)  of  each  of the  Constituent
     Corporations; (ii) all debts due to either of the Constituent Corporations,
     on whatever account, all causes in action and all other things belonging to
     either of the  Constituent  Corporations  shall be taken  and  deemed to be
     transferred  to and shall be vested in the Surviving  Corporation by virtue
     of the  Merger  without  further  act or deed;  and  (iii)  all  rights  of
     creditors  and  all  liens  upon  any  property  of any of the  Constituent
     Corporations shall be preserved unimpaired, limited in lien to the property
     affected by such liens  immediately  prior to the Effective  Date,  and all
     debts,  liabilities  and  duties  of  the  Constituent  Corporations  shall
     thenceforth attach to the Surviving Corporation.

                                       1
<PAGE>


          (2) At the Effective Date, (i) the Articles of  Incorporation  and the
     Bylaws of GEM, as existing  immediately  prior to the Effective Date, shall
     be and become the  Articles of  Incorporation  and Bylaws of the  Surviving
     Corporation;  (ii) the  members of the Board of  Directors  of GEM  holding
     office  immediately prior to the Effective Date shall remain as the members
     of the Board of Directors of the Surviving  Corporation (if on or after the
     Effective  Date a vacancy exists on the Board of Directors of the Surviving
     Corporation,  such vacancy may thereafter be filled in a manner provided by
     law and the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation); and (iii) until the Board
     of Directors of the Surviving  Corporation shall otherwise  determine,  all
     persons who hold offices of GEM at the  Effective  Date shall hold the same
     offices of the Surviving Corporation.

     (b) Pre-Merger Events. GEM shall have completed its shareholder meeting and
received  the  consent  of  its   shareholders   for  the  consummation  of  the
transactions contemplated hereby.

     (c)  Conversion of  Securities.  As of the  Effective  Date and without any
action  on  the  part  of  Ultronics,  UAC,  GEM or  the  holders  of any of the
securities of any of these corporations each of the following shall occur:

          (1) Each share of GEM Common Stock issued and outstanding  immediately
     prior to the Effective  Date shall be converted into one share of Ultronics
     Common  Stock.  All such  shares  of GEM  Common  Stock  shall no longer be
     outstanding and shall  automatically  be canceled and shall cease to exist,
     and each certificate previously evidencing any such shares shall thereafter
     represent the right to receive,  upon the surrender of such  certificate in
     accordance with the provisions of Section 3 hereof, certificates evidencing
     such number of shares of  Ultronics  Common Stock into which such shares of
     GEM  Common  Stock  were  converted.   The  holders  of  such  certificates
     previously  evidencing shares of GEM Common Stock  outstanding  immediately
     prior to the Effective  Date shall cease to have any rights with respect to
     such shares of GEM Common Stock except as otherwise  provided  herein or by
     law;

          (2)  Any  shares  of GEM  Common  Stock  held in the  treasury  of GEM
     immediately prior to the Effective Date shall automatically be canceled and
     extinguished  without any  conversion  thereof and no payment shall be made
     with respect thereto;

          (3)  Each  share  of  capital  stock  of UAC  issued  and  outstanding
     immediately  prior to the Effective  Date shall be converted into one share
     of common stock of the  Surviving  Corporation  and  thereafter  each stock
     certificate  of UAC shall  evidence  ownership of shares of common stock of
     the Surviving Corporation;

          (4) The 6,000,000 shares of Ultronics  Common Stock previously  issued
     and outstanding prior to the Merger will remain outstanding;

          (5) All other securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of
     GEM Common  Stock,  including but not limited to stock options and warrants
     and issued by GEM prior to the Effective  Date, as set forth on Exhibit "B"
     hereto (the "Assumed  Securities"),  shall become,  without further action,
     convertible  into or exercisable for the same number of shares of Ultronics
     Common Stock.

     (d) Post-Merger Securities Issuance; Assumption of Obligations. Immediately
after the  Effective  Date,  Ultronics  shall  assume  all of GEM's  obligations
relating  to the  Assumed  Securities,  so that  such  securities  shall  become
convertible  into the same  number of shares of  Ultronics  Common  Stock.  Each
Assumed  Security  shall continue to have, and be subject to, the same terms and
conditions  (including,  without limitation,  the applicable vesting schedule in
the  case of  stock  options)  as set  forth  in  such  security  (as in  effect
immediately  prior to the  Effective  Date)  pursuant to which such security was
issued,  except that all  references  to GEM shall be deemed to be references to
Ultronics.  The  adjustment  provided  herein with respect to any existing stock
options issued by GEM that are "incentive  stock options" (as defined in Section
422 of the Code)  shall be and is  intended  to be  effected in a manner that is
consistent with Section 424(a) of the Code. Ultronics shall reserve for issuance
the number of shares of Ultronics  Common Stock that will become  issuable  upon
the exercise of such Assumed Securities pursuant to this Section 2(d).

     (e) Other Matters.


                                       2
<PAGE>

          (1) There shall be no stock dividend,  stock split,  recapitalization,
     or  exchange  of shares  with  respect to or rights  issued in respect  of,
     Ultronics'  capital  stock  after the date  hereof  and  there  shall be no
     dividends paid on Ultronics'  capital stock after the date hereof,  in each
     case through and including the Effective Date.

          (2) There shall be no stock dividend,  stock split,  recapitalization,
     or exchange of shares with respect to or rights issued in respect of, GEM's
     capital stock after the date hereof and there shall be no dividends paid on
     GEM's  capital  stock  after  the date  hereof,  in each case  through  and
     including the Effective Date.

          (3) GEM shall have  received all  requisite  director and  stockholder
     approval for the matters set forth herein

          (4)  Ultronics   shall  have  received  all  requisite   director  and
     stockholder approval of the matters set forth herein.

3. Delivery of Shares; Exchange of Other Securities. On or as soon as
practicable after the Effective Date:

     (a) GEM will  cause the GEM  Stockholders  to  surrender  for  cancellation
certificates  representing their shares of GEM Common Stock, against delivery of
certificates  representing  the shares of  Ultronics  Common Stock for which the
shares of GEM Common Stock are to be converted in the Merger.  Until surrendered
and exchanged as herein provided,  each outstanding  certificate which, prior to
the  Effective  Date,  represented  a GEM  certificate  shall be deemed  for all
corporate  purposes  to  evidence  ownership  of the same  number  of  shares of
Ultronics  Common  Stock  into  which  the GEM  certificate  shall  have been so
converted.

     (b) Without  limiting  the effect of Section  2(c)(5)  hereof,  any Assumed
Security,  may upon submission for cancellation at the election of the holder of
such  Assumed  Security,  be reissued by  Ultronics  as an  otherwise  identical
security  convertible or exercisable  for the same number of shares of Ultronics
Common Stock as provided for in Section 2(d)(1) hereof.

4. Representations of GEM. GEM hereby represents and warrants as follows, which
warranties and representations shall also be true as of the Effective Date:

     (a)  Except as noted on Exhibit  "B",  the GEM  Stockholders  listed on the
attached  Exhibit  "B" are the sole  owners of record  and  beneficially  of the
issued and outstanding securities of GEM.

     (b) GEM has the corporate power to enter into this Agreement and to perform
its obligations hereunder.  The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions  contemplated  hereby have been duly authorized
by the  Boards  of  Director  of GEM.  The  execution  and  performance  of this
Agreement  will not constitute a material  breach of any  agreement,  indenture,
mortgage,  license or other  instrument  or document to which GEM is a party and
will not violate any judgment, decree, order, writ, rule, statute, or regulation
applicable  to GEM or its  properties.  The execution  and  performance  of this
Agreement  will not violate or conflict  with any  provision  of the  respective
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of GEM.

     (c) The current unaudited financial  statements as of December 31, 2003 and
September  30, 2004,  and the audited  consolidated  financial  statements as of
December  31,  2001 and 2002,  of GEM which  have been  delivered  to  Ultronics
(hereinafter  collectively  referred to as the "GEM Financial  Statements")  are
complete,  accurate and fairly present the financial  condition of GEM as of the
dates  thereof  and the  results  of its  operations  for the  periods  covered,
subject,  in the case of the unaudited  interim  statements,  to normal year-end
audit  adjustments.  There are no material  liabilities or  obligations,  either
fixed or  contingent,  not disclosed in the GEM  Financial  Statements or in any
exhibit  thereto or notes thereto  other than  contracts or  obligations  in the
ordinary  course  of  business;  and no such  contracts  or  obligations  in the
ordinary  course  of  business  constitute  liens  or  other  liabilities  which
materially  alter  the  financial  condition  of GEM  as  reflected  in the  GEM
Financial  Statements.  GEM  has  good  title  to all  assets  shown  on the GEM
Financial  Statements subject only to dispositions and other transactions in the
ordinary  course of business,  the  disclosures  set forth therein and liens and
encumbrances  of record.  The year end audited  financial  statement of GEM have
been  prepared in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles


                                       3
<PAGE>

consistently  applied  (except  as  may be  indicated  therein  or in the  notes
thereto).

     (d) Since  September  30, 2004,  there have not been any  material  adverse
changes in the financial  position of GEM except changes arising in the ordinary
course of business,  which  changes will in no event  materially  and  adversely
affect the financial position of GEM.

     (e) Other than as  described  on Schedule  4(e),  GEM is not a party to any
material  pending  litigation  or,  to  its  best  knowledge,  any  governmental
investigation or proceeding,  not reflected in the GEM Financial Statements, and
to its best  knowledge,  no  material  litigation,  claims,  assessments  or any
governmental proceedings are threatened against GEM.

     (f) GEM is in good standing in its state of  incorporation,  and is in good
standing and duly qualified to do business in each state where required to be so
qualified except where the failure to so qualify would have no material negative
impact on GEM.

     (g) GEM has (or, by the Effective  Date, will have filed) all material tax,
governmental  and/or  related forms and reports (or  extensions  thereof) due or
required to be filed and has (or will have) paid or made adequate provisions for
all taxes or assessments which have become due as of the Effective Date.

     (h) GEM's  authorized  capital stock consists of (i)  25,000,000  shares of
Preferred Stock,  $.000001 par value, of which no shares are presently issued or
outstanding and (ii) 100,000,000  shares of common stock, par value $.000001 per
share, of which  16,256,560  shares are presently  issued and  outstanding.  All
outstanding  shares of capital stock of GEM are validly  issued,  fully paid and
nonassessable. There are no existing options, calls, warrants, preemptive rights
or commitments of any character relating to the issued or unissued capital stock
or other securities of GEM that are not disclosed in Exhibit "B."

     (i) GEM has not materially breached any material agreement to which it is a
party.  GEM has  previously  given  Ultronics  copies or access  thereto  of all
material  contracts,  commitments  and/or  agreements  to  which  GEM is a party
including all relationships or dealings with related parties or affiliates.

     (j) Other than General Environmental  Management of Rancho Cordova, LLC and
Hazpak Environmental  Services,  Inc., GEM has no subsidiary corporations except
as described in writing and delivered to Ultronics.

     (k) GEM has made its corporate  financial records,  minute books, and other
corporate  documents and records  available for review to present  management of
Ultronics prior to the Effective Date, during  reasonable  business hours and on
reasonable notice.

     (l) The execution of this Agreement  does not materially  violate or breach
any  material  agreement  or  contract to which GEM is a party and has been duly
authorized by all  appropriate  and necessary  corporate  action and GEM, to the
extent required,  has obtained all necessary  approvals or consents  required by
any agreement to which GEM is a party.

     (m) All information  regarding GEM which has been delivered to Ultronics in
connection  with the  Merger is true,  complete  and  accurate  in all  material
respects.

5.  Representations  of Ultronics and UAC.  Ultronics and UAC hereby jointly and
severally  represent and warrant as follows,  each of which  representations and
warranties shall continue to be true as of the Effective Date:

     (a) As of the Effective  Date, the shares of Ultronics  Common Stock, to be
issued and delivered to the GEM Stockholders  hereunder will, when so issued and
delivered,  constitute,  duly  authorized,  validly and legally issued shares of
Ultronics capital stock, fully-paid and nonassessable.


                                       4
<PAGE>

     (b) Ultronics and UAC have the corporate power to enter into this Agreement
and to  perform  their  respective  obligations  hereunder.  The  execution  and
delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby  have been duly  authorized  by the  respective  Boards of  Directors  of
Ultronics and UAC. The  execution and  performance  of this  Agreement  will not
constitute a material breach of any agreement,  indenture,  mortgage, license or
other  instrument or document to which  Ultronics or UAC is a party and will not
violate  any  judgment,  decree,  order,  writ,  rule,  statute,  or  regulation
applicable to Ultronics, UAC or their properties.  The execution and performance
of this  Agreement  will not  violate  or  conflict  with any  provision  of the
respective Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of Ultronics or UAC.

     (c)  Ultronics  has  delivered to GEM a true and  complete  copy of its (i)
Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2003, as filed with
the  Commission,  and  (ii) its  report  on Form  10-QSB  for the  period  ended
September 30, 2004, as filed with the Commission.  As of their respective dates,
such reports did not contain any untrue  statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material  fact  required to be stated  therein or  necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstance under which they were made, not
misleading.  The audited  financial  statements and unaudited  interim financial
statements  included  in such  reports  have been  prepared in  accordance  with
generally accepted  accounting  principles applied on a consistent basis (except
as may be  indicated  therein or in the notes  thereto)  and fairly  present the
financial  position of Ultronics as of the dates  thereof and the results of its
operations and changes in financial position for the periods then ended subject,
in the case of the unaudited  interim financial  statements,  to normal year-end
audit  adjustments.  UAC has no financial  statements because it is newly formed
for the  purpose of  effectuating  this  Merger and it has no  material  assets,
liabilities, contracts or obligations of any kind. Ultronics has no subsidiaries
except for UAC, and UAC has no subsidiaries.

     (d) Since  September  30, 2004,  there have not been any  material  adverse
changes in the financial condition of Ultronics.

     (e) Neither  Ultronics  nor UAC is a party to or the subject of any pending
litigation, claims, or governmental investigation or proceeding not reflected in
the Ultronics financial  statements or otherwise disclosed herein, and there are
no lawsuits,  claims,  assessments,  investigations,  or similar matters, to the
best of  their  knowledge,  threatened  or  contemplated  against  or  affecting
Ultronics, its management or its properties.

     (f) Ultronics and UAC are each duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of their incorporation; each has the
corporate  power to own its  property  and to carry on its business as now being
conducted  and is duly  qualified  to do business in any  jurisdiction  where so
required except where the failure to so qualify would have no material  negative
impact.

     (g)  Ultronics  and UAC have  filed all  federal,  state,  county and local
income,  excise,  property and other tax,  governmental  and/or related returns,
forms, or reports, which are due or required to be filed by it prior to the date
hereof  and have paid or made  adequate  provision  in the  Ultronics  financial
statements for the payment of all taxes,  fees, or assessments which have or may
become due  pursuant to such  returns or pursuant to any  assessments  received.
Neither  Ultronics  nor UAC is  delinquent  or obligated  for any tax,  penalty,
interest, delinquency or charge.

     (h) Ultronics'  authorized  capital stock consists of 25,000,000  shares of
common stock, $.001 par value, the latter of which have been designated as Class
A Voting  Common  Stock,  of which  6,000,000  shares are  presently  issued and
outstanding.  UAC's  capitalization  consists  of 5,000  shares of value  common
stock, $.001 par value, of which 1,000 shares are outstanding,  all of which are
owned by Ultronics,  free and clear of all liens,  claims and encumbrances.  All
outstanding  shares of capital  stock of Ultronics  and UAC are validly  issued,
fully paid and nonassessable.  There are no existing options,  calls,  warrants,
preemptive  rights or  commitments  of any  character  relating to the issued or
unissued capital stock or other securities of either Ultronics or UAC.

     (i) The corporate financial records,  minute books, and other documents and
records  of  Ultronics  and UAC have  been  made  available  to GEM prior to the
Closing.


                                       5
<PAGE>

     (j)  Ultronics  has not  breached,  nor is  there  any  pending,  or to the
knowledge of management,  any threatened claim that Ultronics has breached,  any
of the terms or conditions of any agreements,  contracts or commitments to which
it is a party or by which it or its  properties  is  bound.  The  execution  and
performance  hereof will not violate any  provisions  of  applicable  law or any
agreement to which Ultronics is subject.  Ultronics hereby represents that it is
not a party to any  material  contract  or  commitment  other  than  appointment
documents with its transfer agent and the retention of its professional advisors
and that it has  disclosed  to GEM all  relationships  or dealings  with related
parties or affiliates.

     (k) All  information  regarding  Ultronics  which is set  forth  herein  or
otherwise  delivered to GEM in connection with the Merger is true,  complete and
accurate in all material respects.

6. Closing. The Closing of the transactions contemplated herein shall take place
on such date (the  "Closing") as mutually  determined by the parties hereto when
all  conditions  precedent  have been met and all required  documents  have been
delivered,  which Closing shall be no later than March 15, 2005, unless extended
by mutual  consent of all parties  hereto.  The  "Effective  Date" of the Merger
shall be that date on which executed copies of the attached Plan and Articles of
Merger are filed in the states of Nevada and Delaware.

7. Conditions  Precedent to the Obligations of GEM. All obligations of GEM under
this  Agreement  are subject to the  fulfillment,  prior to or as of the Closing
and/or  the  Effective  Date,  as  indicated  below,  of each  of the  following
conditions:

     (a) The representations and warranties by or on behalf of Ultronics and UAC
contained in this Agreement or in any certificate or document delivered pursuant
to the provisions hereof shall be true in all material respects at and as of the
Closing and Effective Date as though such  representations  and warranties  were
made at and as of such time.

     (b) Ultronics and UAC shall have performed and complied with all covenants,
agreements,  and  conditions set forth in, and shall have executed and delivered
all  documents  required by this  Agreement to be performed or complied  with or
executed and delivered by them prior to or at the Closing.

     (c) On or before the Closing,  the sole  director of Ultronics and UAC, and
Ultronics as sole  stockholder  of UAC,  shall have approved in accordance  with
applicable  state  corporation  law the execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein.

     (d) On or before the Closing Date,  Ultronics and UAC shall have  delivered
certified  copies of resolutions of the sole stockholder and director of UAC and
of the sole  director of Ultronics  approving  and  authorizing  the  execution,
delivery and  performance of this Agreement and authorizing all of the necessary
and proper  action to enable  Ultronics and UAC to comply with the terms of this
Agreement  including the election of GEM's nominees to the Board of Directors of
Ultronics and all matters outlined herein.

     (e) The Merger  shall be permitted by  applicable  state law and  Ultronics
shall have  sufficient  shares of its capital  stock  authorized to complete the
Merger.

     (f) At Closing,  the sole  officer and  director  of  Ultronics  shall have
resigned in writing from his positions as sole director and officer of Ultronics
upon the election and appointment of the GEM nominees.

     (g)  At  the  Closing,  all  instruments  and  documents  delivered  to GEM
Stockholders pursuant to the provisions hereof shall be reasonably  satisfactory
to legal counsel for GEM.

     (h) At the Closing,  upon consummation of the Merger,  Ultronics shall have
the same authorized capital as at present.

                                       6
<PAGE>

     (i) The shares of  restricted  Ultronics  capital stock to be issued to GEM
Stockholders  at Closing will be validly  issued,  nonassessable  and fully-paid
under  Nevada  corporation  law and will be issued in a nonpublic  offering  and
isolated  transaction  in  compliance  with all  federal,  state and  applicable
securities laws.

     (j) GEM shall have  received  all  necessary  and  required  approvals  and
consents from required parties and its stockholders.

8. Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of Ultronics and UAC. All obligations
of Ultronics and UAC under this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment,  prior
to or at the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

     (a) The  representations  and warranties by GEM contained in this Agreement
or in any certificate or document  delivered  pursuant to the provisions  hereof
shall be true in all  material  respects at and as of the Closing as though such
representations and warranties were made at and as of such time.

     (b) GEM shall have performed and complied  with, in all material  respects,
all  covenants,  agreements,  and  conditions  required by this  Agreement to be
performed or complied with by them prior to or at the Closing;

     (c) GEM shall deliver on behalf of its stockholders  (including  holders of
options, warrants and other convertible securities),  a letter commonly known as
an "Investment  Letter," in  substantially  the form attached  hereto as Exhibit
"C",  acknowledging that the shares of Ultronics common stock are being acquired
for investment purposes.

     (d) On or before  the  Closing  Date,  GEM shall have  delivered  certified
copies  of  resolutions  of  its  stockholders   and  directors   approving  and
authorizing  the  execution,  delivery and  performance  of this  Agreement  and
authorizing  all of the necessary and proper action to enable GEM to comply with
the terms of this Agreement.

     (e) At the Closing,  all instruments  and documents  delivered to Ultronics
and UAC pursuant to the provisions  hereof shall be reasonably  satisfactory  to
legal counsel for Ultronics.

     (f) Immediately  prior to the  consummation of the Merger,  Ultronics shall
have the same authorized capital as at present.

     (g)  Ultronics  and UAC shall have  received  all  necessary  and  required
approvals and consents from required parties.

9.  Indemnification.  For a period of two years from the Closing,  Ultronics and
UAC agree to jointly and  severally  indemnify  and hold  harmless  GEM, and GEM
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless  Ultronics and UAC, at all times after the
date of this  Agreement  against  and in  respect  of any  liability,  damage or
deficiency, all actions, suits, proceedings,  demands,  assessments,  judgments,
costs and expenses  including  attorneys' fees incident to any of the foregoing,
resulting from any material  misrepresentations made by an indemnifying party to
an indemnified party, an indemnifying  party's breach of covenant or warranty or
an indemnifying party's  nonfulfillment of any agreement hereunder,  or from any
material  misrepresentation in or omission from any certificate  furnished or to
be furnished hereunder.

10. Nature and Survival of Representations. All representations,  warranties and
covenants made by any party in this Agreement  shall survive the Closing and the
consummation  of the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  for two years from the
Closing. All of the parties hereto are executing and carrying out the provisions
of this  Agreement in reliance  solely on the  representations,  warranties  and
covenants  and  agreements   contained  in  this  Agreement  and  not  upon  any
investigation  upon  which it might have made or any  representation,  warranty,
agreement,  promise or information,  written or oral, made by the other party or
any other person other than as specifically set forth herein.

11.  Documents at Closing.  At the Closing,  the  following  documents  shall be
delivered:

                                       7
<PAGE>

     (a) GEM will  deliver,  or will cause to be  delivered,  to  Ultronics  the
following:

          (i) a  certificate  executed  by the CEO and  Secretary  of GEM to the
     effect  that all  representations  and  warranties  made by GEM under  this
     Agreement  are true  and  correct  as of the  Closing,  the same as  though
     originally given to Ultronics or UAC on said date;

          (ii) a certificate from the state of GEM's  incorporation  dated at or
     about the Closing to the effect that GEM is in good standing under the laws
     of said state;

          (iii)  certified  copies  of  resolutions  adopted  by GEM's  Board of
     Directors and stockholders authorizing the Merger and all related matters;

          (iv)  Investment  Letters in the form  attached  hereto as Exhibit "C"
     executed  by  each  historical  GEM  Stockholder   (including   holders  of
     outstanding options, warrants and other convertible securities);

          (v) such other instruments, documents and certificates, if any, as are
     required to be delivered pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement;

          (vi)  executed  copies of the Plan and  Articles of Merger for filing;
     and certified  copies of resolutions by the  stockholders  and directors of
     GEM authorizing this transaction; and

          (vii) all other items, the delivery of which is a condition  precedent
     to the obligations of Ultronics and UAC, as set forth herein.

     (b) Ultronics and UAC will deliver or cause to be delivered to GEM:

          (i) stock  certificates  representing those securities of Ultronics to
     be issued as a part of the exchange as described in Section 2 hereof;

          (ii) a certificate  of the  President/Secretary  of Ultronics and UAC,
     respectively,  to the effect that all  representations  and  warranties  of
     Ultronics and UAC made under this  Agreement are true and correct as of the
     Closing, the same as though originally given to GEM on said date;

          (iii) certified copies of resolutions  adopted by Ultronics' and UAC's
     Board of Directors and UAC's  stockholders  authorizing  the Merger and all
     related matters;

          (iv)  certificates from the jurisdiction of incorporation of Ultronics
     and UAC dated at or about the Closing Date that each of said  companies are
     in good standing under the laws of said state;

          (v)  such  other  instruments  and  documents  as are  required  to be
     delivered pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement;

          (vi)  resignation  of the sole officer and  director of Ultronics  and
     UAC; and

          (vii) all other items, the delivery of which is a condition  precedent
     to the obligations of GEM, as set forth in herein.

12.  Finder's  Fees.  Ultronics and UAC,  jointly and  severally,  represent and
warrant to GEM, and GEM  represents  and warrants to each of Ultronics  and UAC,
that  none of them,  or any party  acting  on their  behalf,  has  incurred  any
liabilities,  either express or implied,  to any "broker" of "finder" or similar
person in connection with this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated
hereby.  In this regard,  Ultronics and UAC,  jointly and severally,  on the one
hand, and GEM on the other hand, will indemnify and hold the other harmless from
any claim,  loss,  cost or expense  whatsoever  (including  reasonable  fees and
disbursements  of  counsel)  from or  relating  to any such  express  or implied
liability.

                                       8
<PAGE>

13. Miscellaneous.

     (a)  Further  Assurances.  At any time,  and from  time to time,  after the
Effective  Date,  each party will execute such  additional  instruments and take
such  action as may be  reasonably  requested  by the other  party to confirm or
perfect  title to any property  transferred  hereunder or otherwise to carry out
the intent and purposes of this Agreement.

     (b) Waiver.  Any failure on the part of any party hereto to comply with any
of its obligations,  agreements or conditions hereunder may be waived in writing
by the party to whom such compliance is owed.

     (c)  Termination.  All  obligations  hereunder  may  be  terminated  at the
discretion of either  party's  Board of Directors if (i) the closing  conditions
specified in Sections 7 and 8 are not met by March 15, 2005, unless  unanimously
extended,  or (ii) any of the  representations  and warranties  made herein have
been materially breached.

     (d)  Amendment.  This Agreement may be amended only in writing as agreed to
by all parties hereto.

     (e) Notices.  All notices and other  communications  hereunder  shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been given if delivered in person or sent by
prepaid first class registered or certified mail, return receipt requested.

     (f) Headings.  The section and  subsection  headings in this  Agreement are
inserted  for  convenience  only and shall not affect in any way the  meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.

     (g) Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed  simultaneously in two or
more counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an original,  but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

     (h) Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto
and inure to the benefit of the parties, their respective heirs, administrators,
executors, successors and assigns.

     (i) Entire  Agreement.  This  Agreement  and the  attached  Exhibits is the
entire agreement of the parties covering everything agreed upon or understood in
the  transaction.  There  are no  oral  promises,  conditions,  representations,
understandings,   interpretations   or  terms  of  any  kind  as  conditions  or
inducements to the execution hereof.

     (j) Time. Time is of the essence.

     (k)  Severability.   If  any  part  of  this  Agreement  is  deemed  to  be
unenforceable  the  balance  of the  Agreement  shall  remain in full  force and
effect.

     (l)  Responsibility  and  Costs.  If the Merger is  consummated,  all fees,
expenses  and  out-of-pocket  costs and  expenses  shall be borne by GEM. If the
Merger  is  terminated  prior to the  Effective  Date  all  fees,  expenses  and
out-of-pocket  costs  and  expenses,  including,  without  limitation,  fees and
disbursements of counsel,  financial  advisors and accountants,  incurred by the
parties  hereto shall be bome solely and entirely by the party that has incurred
such costs and  expenses  unless such party has agreed  otherwise  with any such
person.

                                       9
<PAGE>




         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement the day
and year first above written.

GENERAL ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT, INC.         ULTRONICS CORPORATION


By  /s/ Timothy J. Koziol
      Timothy J. Koziol, Chairman and CEO      By  /s/ Reed Jensen
                                                   ---------------
                                                     Reed Jensen, President

                        ULTRONICS ACQUISITION CORPORATION


                                               By /s/ Reed Jensen
                                                     Reed Jensen, President


                                       10
<PAGE>


                                  Schedule 4(e)



         Lawsuit filed by Teris, LLC in respect to a trade dispute in the
ordinary course of business. The amount in dispute in such lawsuit will not
exceed $300,000.

                                       11


<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT A

                    PLAN, ARTICLES AND CERTIFICATE OF MERGER
                                       OF
                        ULTRONICS ACQUISITION CORPORATION
                              A NEVADA CORPORATION
                                      INTO
                     GENERAL ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT, INC.
                             A DELAWARE CORPORATION

THE UNDERSIGNED CORPORATIONS DO HEREBY CERTIFY:

         FIRST: That the name and state of incorporation of each of the
constituent  corporations  (the "Constituent  Corporations") of
the merger is as follows:

                            Name                    State of Incorporation
Ultronics Acquisition Corporation                           Nevada
General Environmental Management, Inc.                     Delaware

         SECOND: That an agreement and plan of merger between the parties to the
merger has been approved and adopted, by each of the Constituent Corporations in
accordance with the requirements of Nevada and Delaware law and that upon filing
this document with the Nevada Secretary of State and the Delaware Secretary of
State, the merger shall be effective (the "Effective Date").

         THIRD: The name of the surviving corporation of the merger is General
Environmental Management, Inc. ("GEM" or the "Surviving Corporation"), a
Delaware corporation.

         FOURTH: Ultronics Acquisition Corporation ("UAC") is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Ultronics Corporation ("Ultronics"), a Nevada corporation. In the
Merger of UAC into GEM, the outstanding securities of UAC will be converted into
outstanding securities of Ultronics as set forth below. UAC and GEM are
sometimes referred to herein as the "Constituent Corporations."

         FIFTH: The terms and conditions of the merger and the manner and basis
of converting the shares of the Constituent Corporations is as follows:

         (a)      Corporate Existence

                  (1) At the Effective Date, the Surviving Corporation shall
continue its corporate existence as a Delaware corporation and (i) it shall
thereupon and thereafter possess all rights, privileges, powers, franchises and
property (real, personal and mixed) of each of the Constituent Corporations;
(ii) all debts due to either of the Constituent Corporations, on whatever
account, all causes in action and all other things belonging to either of the
Constituent Corporations shall be taken and deemed to be transferred to and
shall be vested in the Surviving Corporation by virtue of the Merger without
further act or deed; and (iii) all rights of creditors and all liens upon any
property of any of the Constituent Corporations shall be preserved unimpaired,
limited in lien to the property affected by such liens immediately prior to the
Effective Date, and all debts, liabilities and duties of the Constituent
Corporations shall thenceforth attach to the Surviving Corporation.

                  (2) At the Effective Date, (i) the Articles of Incorporation
and the Bylaws of GEM, as existing immediately prior to the Effective Date,
shall be and become the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation; (ii) the members of the Board of Directors of GEM holding office
immediately prior to the Effective Date shall remain as the members of the Board
of Directors of the surviving Corporation (if on or after the Effective Date a
vacancy exists on the Board of Directors of the surviving corporation, such
vacancy may thereafter be filled in a manner provided by law and the by-laws of
the Surviving Corporation); and (iii) until the Board of Directors of the
Surviving corporation shall otherwise determine, all persons who hold offices of
GEM at the Effective Date shall hold the same offices of the surviving
Corporation.

                                       1
<PAGE>

         (b)      Conversion of Securities.

                  As of the Effective Date and without any action on the part of
Ultronics, UAC, GEM or the holders of any of the securities of any of these
corporations each of the following shall occur:

                  (1) Each share of GEM Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Date shall be converted into one share of
Ultronics Class A Voting Common Stock (the "Ultronics Common Stock"). All such
shares of GEM common stock (the "GEM Common Stock") shall no longer be
outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist, and
each certificate previously evidencing any such shares shall thereafter
represent the right to receive certificates evidencing such number of shares of
Ultronics Common Stock into which such shares of GEM Common Stock were
converted. The holders of such certificates previously evidencing shares of GEM
Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Date shall cease to
have any rights with respect to such shares of GEM Common Stock except as
otherwise provided herein or by law;

                  (2) Any shares of GEM Common Stock held in the treasury of GEM
immediately prior to the Effective Date shall automatically be canceled and
extinguished without any conversion thereof and no payment shall be made with
respect thereto;

                  (3) Each share of capital stock of UAC issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Date shall be converted into one share of
common stock of the Surviving Corporation and thereafter each stock certificate
of UAC shall evidence ownership of shares of common stock of the Surviving
Corporation;

                  (4) All other securities convertible into or exercisable for
shares of GEM Common Stock, including but not limited to stock options and
warrants and issued by GEM prior to the Effective Date shall become, without
further action, convertible into or exercisable for the same number of shares of
Ultronics Common Stock.

         SIXTH: GEM has 16,256,560 shares of common stock outstanding, of which
____________ shares voted in favor of the merger and _________ shares voted
against the merger. UAC has 1,000 shares of common stock outstanding all of
which were voted in favor of the merger. The number of votes cast for the Plan
of Merger by each group was sufficient under applicable law for approval by that
voting group.

         SEVENTH: A copy of the agreement and plan of merger is on file at the
principal business offices of GEM, located at 3191 Temple Avenue, Suite 250,
Pomona, CA 91768. A copy of the agreement and plan of merger will be furnished
by GEM, on request and without cost, to any stockholder of the Constituent
Corporations.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement the day
and year first above written.

GENERAL ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT, INC.         ULTRONICS ACQUISITION CORPORATION


By _____________________________                By _____________________________
Its: Timothy J. Koziol,
     Chief Executive Officer                       Reed Jensen, President

                                       2

<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT B

                      (GEM STOCKHOLDERS/ASSUMED SECURITIES)

[TO BE COMPLETED]



<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT C

                                INVESTMENT LETTER
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         In connection with the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated December 23,
2004 (the "Agreement"), between Ultronics Corporation ("Ultronics"), Ultronics
Acquisition Corporation ("UAC") and General Environmental Management, Inc.
("GEM"), the undersigned hereby represents and warrants as follows:


                  (a) The undersigned's representations in this letter are
complete and accurate to the best of the undersigned's knowledge, and Ultronics,
UAC and GEM may rely upon them.

                  (b) The undersigned is able to bear the economic risk of an
investment in the Ultronics common stock (the "Securities") for an indefinite
period of time, can afford the loss of the entire investment in the Securities,
and will, after making an investment in the Securities, have sufficient means of
providing for the undersigned's current needs and possible future contingencies.
Additionally, the undersigned's overall commitment to investments that are not
readily marketable is not disproportionate to the undersigned's net worth and
the share exchange described in the Agreement will not cause such overall
commitment to become excessive.

                  (c) The undersigned acknowledges that the Securities are
restricted securities. None of the Securities are registered under the
Securities Act of 1933 (as amended, the "Securities Act") or any state
securities laws, and the Securities must be held indefinitely unless a transfer
of such Securities is subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an
exemption from such registration is available. Ultronics is under no obligation
to register the Securities. The undersigned understands that the Securities must
be held indefinitely unless such Securities are registered under the Securities
Act or an exemption from registration is available. The undersigned acknowledges
that the undersigned is familiar with Rule 144 of the rules and regulations
promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act ("Rule 144"), and that the
undersigned has been advised that Rule 144 permits resales only under certain
circumstances. The undersigned understands that to the extent that Rule 144 is
not available, it will be unable to sell any Securities without either
registration under the Securities Act or the existence of another exemption from
such registration requirement. Finally, the undersigned acknowledges that a new
holding period under Rule 144 will begin upon the acquisition of the Securities
issued in connection with the Agreement.

                  (d) The Securities are being acquired for the undersigned's
own account and risk, for investment purposes, and not on behalf of any other
person or with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution
thereof within the meaning of the Securities Act. The undersigned is aware that
there are substantial restrictions on the transferability of the Securities.

                  (e) The undersigned has had access to any and all information
concerning Ultronics that the undersigned and the undersigned's financial, tax
and legal advisors required or considered necessary to make a proper evaluation
of this investment. Specifically, the undersigned has had access to the
Ultronics Financial Statements and to the Securities and Exchange Commission
filings referenced in Section 5(c) of the Agreement. In making the decisions
relating hereto, the undersigned and his or her advisers have relied solely upon
their own independent investigations, and fully understand that there are no
guarantees, assurances or promises in connection with any investment hereunder
and understand that the particular tax consequences arising from an investment
in Ultronics will depend upon the individual circumstances of the undersigned.
The undersigned further understands that no opinion is being given as to any
securities or tax matters involving the transactions contemplated by the
Agreement.

                                       1
<PAGE>

                  (f) All of the representations and warranties of the
undersigned contained herein and all information furnished by the undersigned to
Ultronics are true, correct and complete in all respects, and the undersigned
agrees to notify Ultronics immediately of any change in any representation,
warranty or other information set forth herein.


                  (g) The undersigned also understands and agrees that stop
transfer instructions relating to the Securities will be placed in Ultronics'
stock transfer ledger, and that the Securities sold will bear legends in
substantially the following form:

                  THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
                  REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE "ACT") AND
                  ARE "RESTRICTED SECURITIES" AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED IN RULE
                  144 UNDER THE ACT. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE,
                  SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
                  REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
                  EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT, THE AVAILABILITY OF
                  WHICH IS TO BE ESTABLISHED TO THE SATISFACTION OF THE ISSUER.

                  (h) The undersigned knows that the Securities are offered and
sold pursuant to exemptions from registration under the Securities Act and state
securities law based, in part, on these warranties and representations, which
are the very essence of this Agreement, and constitute a material part of the
bargained-for consideration without which this Agreement would not have been
executed.

                  (i) The undersigned has the capacity to protect the
undersigned's own interest in connection with this transaction or has a
pre-existing personal or business relationship with Ultronics or one or more of
its officers, directors or controlling persons consisting of personal or
business contacts of a nature and duration such as would enable a reasonably
prudent purchaser to be aware of the character, business acumen and general
business and financial circumstances of such person with whom such relationship
exists.

                  (j) The Securities offered hereby were not offered to the
undersigned by way of general solicitation or general advertising and at no time
was the undersigned presented with or solicited by means of any leaflet, public
promotional meeting, circular, newspaper or magazine article, radio or
television advertisement.

                  (k) If initialed below, the undersigned represents that the
undersigned is an "accredited investor" as defined under Rule 501 of Regulation
D by reason of:

                                       2
<PAGE>

FOR INDIVIDUALS ONLY (INITIAL IF APPLICABLE):

 _____    1. I had individual  income  (exclusive of any income  attributable to
          my spouse) in excess of Initial  $200,000  in each of the most  recent
          two years and I reasonably expect to have an individual Here income in
          excess of $200,000 for the current year, or I had joint income with my
          spouse in excess of $300,000  in each of those years and I  reasonably
          expect to have a joint income with my spouse in excess of $300,000 for
          the current year.

 _____    2. I have an individual net worth,  or my spouse and I have a combined
          individual net worth, in Initial excess of $1,000,000. For purposes of
          this Agreement,  "individual net worth" means the excess Here of total
          assets at fair market  value,  including  home and personal  property,
          over total liabilities.

 _____    3. I am qualified as an "accredited  investor" pursuant to Rule 501(a)
          of Regulation D of the 1933 Act for the following reason:
Initial
Here          _________________________________________________________________
              -----------------------------------------------------------------

FOR CORPORATIONS AND PARTNERSHIPS ONLY (INITIAL IF APPLICABLE):


 _____    1.  The   undersigned   hereby   certifies  that  the  Partnership  or
          Corporation that he/she  represents  Initial possesses total assets in
          excess of  $5,000,000  and was not formed for the specific  purpose of
          Here acquiring the securities offered by Ultronics.

 _____    2. The undersigned hereby certifies  personally,  and on behalf of the
          Partnership or Corporation Initial that he/she represents, that all of
          the  beneficial   owners  of  equity  qualify   individually  as  Here
          accredited investors under the individual accredited investor test set
          forth above.

FOR TRUSTS ONLY (INITIAL IF APPLICABLE):

 _____    1.  The undersigned  hereby  certifies  that the  trust  which  he/she
 Initial  represents  possesses total assets in  excess  of  $5,000,000  and was
 Here     not  formed  for the  specific  purpose  of  acquiring  the securities
          offered by  Ultronics,  and that the  purchase of the  securities  is
          directed by a sophisticated person as described in Rule 506(b)(2)(ii)
          of the Act.

 _____    2.    The  undersigned  hereby  certifies  personally, and  on  behalf
 Initial  of  the trust  that  he/sherepresents,  that such trust is a revocable
 Here     trust that may be amended or revoked at any time by the grantors,  and
          all the grantors  are  accredited  individual  investors  under  the
          individual accredited investor test set forth above.

FOR TRUSTEES AND AGENTS (READ AND INITIAL BOTH STATEMENTS):

 _____    1.   The undersigned  hereby acknowledges that he/she is acting as an
 Initial  agent or trustee for the following person or entity:
 Here

                                       3

<PAGE>


 _____    2.   The undersigned hereby agrees to provide to Ultronics,  upon
 Initial  Ultronic's  request,  the following documents:
 Here

                    (a)   a copy of the trust agreement, power of attorney or
                          other instrument granting the power and authority to
                          execute and deliver the Agreement, or

                    (b)   an opinion of counsel verifying the undersigned's
                          power and authority to execute and deliver the
                          Agreement and this letter.

         The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the
closing of the transaction described in the Agreement. The undersigned may also
be asked to complete an Investor Questionnaire in connection with the
undersigned's status as an accredited investor.




Date: ________________     _____________________________



                           -----------------------------
                                  (print name)

                                       4



