
          PhotoWorks, Inc. Announces $6.5 Million Recapitalization Plan

             Receives Commitment for $4 Million Capital Infusion and
                 Renegotiates Current Debt and Equity Structure


   SEATTLE, December 22, 2004 - In a deal valued at approximately $6.5 million,
   PhotoWorks, Inc. (OTCBB: FOTO) announced today that it has successfully
   negotiated a recapitalization plan that, if approved by shareholders, will
   result in a simplified capital structure for the Company and a cash infusion
   to strengthen the Company's balance sheet and expand PhotoWorks' digital
   marketing activities.

         "We have received a commitment from a group of investors for a $4
   million capital investment," said Philippe Sanchez, PhotoWorks' President and
   CEO. "In addition, holders of $2.5 million outstanding subordinated
   debentures have agreed to convert their securities to common stock as have
   holders of Series A Preferred stock. These conversions to common stock are
   contingent upon approval by the Company's shareholders of a recapitalization
   plan to be submitted at the upcoming annual meeting scheduled to be held in
   March 2005."

         "This recapitalization proposal is a major achievement for PhotoWorks
   and its shareholders," continued Sanchez. "Upon shareholder approval, the
   Company will be free of long-term debt, will have a simple common stock
   capital structure devoid of any liquidation preferences, and will have growth
   capital needed to position the Company for rapid growth in the booming
   digital market."

   Terms of the Cash Infusion
         Subject to negotiation of definitive agreements and customary closing
   conditions, Sunra Capital Holdings, Orca Bay Partners and Madrona Venture
   Group will purchase $2 million in subordinated notes, convertible into common
   stock at a conversion price of $.1078 per share and warrants to purchase an
   additional approximately 1.9 million shares of common stock at a price of
   $.21 per share. These subordinated notes will automatically convert into
   common stock at the conversion price upon approval by the Company's
   shareholders of the recapitalization proposal outlined below. In addition,
   upon approval of the recapitalization proposal, the investor group will
   purchase an additional $2 million of common stock at $.1078 per share and
   warrants to purchase an additional 1.9 million shares at $.21 per share.

                                     -more-
<PAGE>

   Recapitalization Proposal
         Subject to shareholders approval, the holders of the Series A Preferred
   Stock and the holders of the Company's outstanding subordinated debentures
   have agreed with the Company on a recapitalization proposal. Under this
   proposal, Series A Preferred Stock will convert to 20,746,888 shares of
   common stock at a conversion price of $.723 per share. The holders of the
   subordinated debentures will convert the $2.5 million principal balance of
   the debentures due April 2006 into common stock at a conversion price of $.11
   per share. The current conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock is
   approximately $4.62 per share and the conversion price of the subordinated
   debentures is approximately $.736 per share. The proposed plan also includes
   an increase of approximately 17.5 million shares eligible for grant under the
   Company's stock option plans for management incentives. If shareholders
   approve the above plans, the total outstanding share count, including
   outstanding warrants and options and options available for grant, will be
   approximately 128 million shares.



   New   Board Composition and Recapitalization Plan to be Submitted for
         Approval by the Shareholders At the annual meeting, a representative
         from Sunra Capital Holdings and a representative from the subordinated
   debt holders will be nominated as directors of the Company's board. In
   addition, the Company will seek to amend its articles of incorporation to
   eliminate its staggered board and provide for cumulative voting in the
   election of its directors.

         The Company will submit its recapitalization proposal for shareholder
   approval at the upcoming annual meeting. If the recapitalization plan is not
   approved by the shareholders, the investor group will not be required to fund
   the additional $2 million of their commitment and the new $2 million
   subordinated notes will not automatically convert into common stock and will
   remain outstanding with an interest rate of 6% per annum and a maturity date
   of April 30, 2008. In addition, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock
   will not convert their shares into common stock. Likewise, the holders of the
   current subordinated debentures will not convert into common stock and the
   $2.5 million principal balance will remain due in April 2006.


   About Orca Bay Partners
         Orca Bay Partners is a private equity investment firm providing equity
   capital for transactions ranging from recapitalizations of mature businesses
   to growth capital for emerging companies. Founded in 1998, and based in
   Seattle, Washington, Orca Bay Partners makes investments in companies that
   are uniquely positioned to benefit from growing or changing markets.

   About Madrona Venture Group
         Headquartered in Seattle, Washington, the Madrona Venture Group
   (www.Madrona.com) manages a $250 million fund that targets early state,
   regional investments in Enterprise Software and Services, Consumer Software
   and Services, and Wireless, Networking and Infrastructure.

                                                              -more-
<PAGE>

   About Sunra Capital Holdings, Ltd.
         Sunra Capital Holdings Limited is a Bermuda based company founded in
   2002 that invests in early stage companies that have strong growth potential,
   competent management teams and are strategically well positioned in a growing
   environment.

   About PhotoWorks(R)
         PhotoWorks, Inc. (OTCBB: FOTO) is an online photography services
   company. With a 25-year national heritage (formerly known as Seattle
   FilmWorks), PhotoWorks helps photographers - both film and digital - share
   and preserve their memories with innovative and inspiring products and
   services. Every day, photographers send film, memory cards and CDs, or go to
   www.photoworks.com to upload, organize and email their pictures, order
   prints, and create Signature Photo Cards and Custom Photo Books. Offering a
   100% satisfaction guarantee, PhotoWorks has been awarded an "Outstanding"
   rating by The Enderle Group technology analysis firm. More information on the
   Company is available at www.photoworks.com or by emailing
   customercare@photoworks.com.

   Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995:
   Statements in this release concerning expected closing of definitive
   agreements; shareholder approvals; leadership in technology and digital photo
   services; and any other statement which may be construed as a prediction of
   future capabilities, performance or events are forward-looking statements,
   the occurrence of which are subject to a number of known and unknown risks
   and uncertainties which might cause actual performance to differ materially
   from those expressed or implied by such statements. These risks and
   uncertainties include the inability to negotiate the definitive agreements or
   get approval from shareholders, system performance problems due to technical
   difficulties or other risks including those described in the Company's Annual
   Report on Form 10-K and those described from time to time in the Company's
   other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, press releases and
   other communications.

   For more information, contact:
   IR: Loran Cashmore Bond, telephone:  206.281.1546 or ir@photoworks.com
   Press: Lisa Amore for PhotoWorks, telephone: 206.954.8006 or lisa@amorepr.com

   PhotoWorks is a registered trademark of PhotoWorks, Inc. All other names are
   trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective owners.





