
                                                                   Exhibit 10.1

                                   ASSIGNMENT

     This  Assignment  (this  "Assignment")  is  made  as of  this  27th  day of
December,   2004,   by  Beacon  Power   Corporation,   a  Delaware   corporation
("Assignor"), in favor of CRT Capital Group LLC ("Assignee").

                                   WITNESSETH:

     WHEREAS,  Assignor  is the  holder of that  certain  Amended  and  Restated
Warrant (the "Warrant") dated as of October 18, 2004 for shares of common stock,
$.01 par  value per share of  Evergreen  Solar,  Inc.,  a  Delaware  corporation
("Evergreen"), a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A;

     WHEREAS,  Assignor desires to irrevocably assign,  convey, and transfer the
Warrant to Assignee.

     NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the foregoing premises,  of the mutual
covenants  set forth  herein,  and other good and  valuable  consideration,  the
receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged,  Assignor hereby agrees
as follows:

     1. Assignment.  Assignor hereby assigns,  conveys and transfers to Assignee
all of its right,  title and  interest in and to the  Warrant  for an  aggregate
purchase price of One Million Eight Hundred Thousand Dollars ($1,800,000.00).

     2. Benefit and  Governing  Law.  This  Assignment  shall be governed in all
respects  by the laws of the State of  Delaware  and shall be  binding  upon and
shall  inure to the  benefit  of the  parties  hereto and their  successors  and
assigns.

     3. Further Assurances.  Promptly upon request of the other party,  Assignor
shall, at any time and from time to time after this Assignment,  upon request of
the Assignee,  execute,  acknowledge  and deliver to Assignor such further acts,
conveyances  and  assurances  as may  reasonably be required or  appropriate  to
perfect the  transfer  of the  Warrant to Assignee  and carry out the intent and
purpose of this Assignment.

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the Assignor has executed  this  Assignment as of the
date first written above.

                                       ASSIGNOR:

                                       BEACON POWER CORPORATION


                                       By: /s/ James M. Spiezio
                                           ----------------------------
                                       Name:    James M. Spiezio
                                       Title:   Chief Financial Officer


ACCEPTED:

CRT CAPITAL GROUP LLC
Address:  262 Harbor Drive, Stamford, CT 06902


By:      /s/ David J. Amster
         -------------------------
Name:    David J. Amster
Title:   Chief Compliance Officer

<PAGE>

                                                                      Exhibit A

THE SECURITIES  EVIDENCED BY THIS WARRANT  CERTIFICATE  HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), AND MAY NOT
BE SOLD,  TRANSFERRED,  OR ASSIGNED OR OFFERED FOR SALE OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED
UNLESS THERE IS AN EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT  UNDER THE  SECURITIES ACT
COVERING SUCH SECURITIES, THE SALE IS MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144 UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT, OR THE COMPANY  RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE HOLDER OF
SUCH SECURITIES  REASONABLY  SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY STATING THAT SUCH SALE,
TRANSFER OR  ASSIGNMENT  IS EXEMPT  FROM THE  REGISTRATION  REQUIREMENTS  OF THE
SECURITIES ACT.

No.: W-1

                          AMENDED AND RESTATED WARRANT
                            TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK
                                       OF
                              EVERGREEN SOLAR, INC.

                          (void after August 12, 2006)

     THIS  AMENDED AND  RESTATED  WARRANT TO PURCHASE  COMMON STOCK OF EVERGREEN
SOLAR,  INC.  (the  "Warrant")  is entered  into as of October  18,  2004 by and
between Evergreen Solar, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company") and Beacon
Power Corporation ("Beacon Power").

     WHEREAS,  the Company and Beacon Power entered into that certain Warrant to
Purchase  Common  Stock of the Company  dated as of May 15, 2003 (the  "Original
Warrant")  pursuant  to which  Beacon  Power,  or its  assigns,  is  entitled to
purchase from the Company 2,400,000 shares of Common Stock (as defined below) at
any time  before  5:00 p.m.  New York City time on May 14,  2006 (the  "Original
Termination Date"); and

     WHEREAS,  the Company and Beacon Power both desire to amend and restate the
Original Warrant to extend the Original Termination Date.

     NOW THEREFORE, the Company and Beacon Power agree, pursuant to Section 9 of
the Original  Warrant,  that the Original Warrant is hereby amended and restated
in its entirety as follows:

     1. Issuance of Warrant. FOR VALUE RECEIVED, from and after the Commencement
     Time (as defined below), and subject to the terms and conditions herein set
     forth,  the Holder (as defined  below) is  entitled  to  purchase  from the
     Company, at any time before 5:00 p.m. New York City time on August 12, 2006
     (the "Termination  Date"),  the Warrant Stock (as defined below) at a price
     per share equal to the Warrant  Price (as defined  below) upon  exercise of
     this Warrant pursuant to Section 6 hereof.

     2.  Definitions.  As used in this  Warrant,  the  following  terms have the
     definitions ascribed to them below:

          (a)  "Business  Day"  means any day other than a  Saturday,  Sunday or
          other  day on  which  the  national  or  state  banks  located  in the
          Commonwealth of  Massachusetts,  the State of New York or the District
          of Columbia are authorized to be closed.

          (b) "Commencement Time" means May 15, 2003.

          (c) "Common  Stock" means the Company's  Common Stock,  $.01 par value
          per share.

          (d) "Holder" means Beacon Power Corporation, or its assigns.

          (e) "Person" means any individual,  corporation,  partnership, limited
          liability company, trust, incorporated or unincorporated  association,
          joint venture,  joint stock company,  governmental  authority or other
          entity of any kind,  and shall  include  any  successor  (by merger or
          otherwise) of such entity.

          (f) "Warrant Price" means $3.37 per share subject to adjustment  under
          Section 3.

          (g)  "Warrant  Stock"  means  the  shares  of  Common  Stock (or other
          securities)  purchasable  upon  exercise  of this  Warrant.  The total
          number of shares to be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant  shall
          be 2,400,000 shares, subject to adjustment under Section 3.

     3.  Adjustments  and Notices.  The Warrant  Price and/or the Warrant  Stock
     shall be subject to adjustment  from time to time in  accordance  with this
     Section 3. The Warrant  Price and/or the Warrant Stock shall be adjusted to
     reflect all of the following events that occur on or after the Commencement
     Time.

          (a) Subdivision,  Stock Dividends or Combinations. In case the Company
          shall at any time subdivide the outstanding shares of the Common Stock
          or shall issue a stock dividend with respect to the Common Stock,  the
          Warrant Price in effect  immediately  prior to such subdivision or the
          issuance of such dividend shall be proportionately  decreased, and the
          number of shares of  Warrant  Stock  for  which  this  Warrant  may be
          exercised  immediately  prior to such  subdivision  or the issuance of
          such dividend shall be proportionately  increased. In case the Company
          shall at any time combine the outstanding  shares of the Common Stock,
          the  Warrant  Price in effect  immediately  prior to such  combination
          shall be  proportionately  increased,  and the  number  of  shares  of
          Warrant  Stock for which this  Warrant  may be  exercised  immediately
          prior to such combination shall be proportionately  decreased. In each
          of the foregoing cases, the adjustment shall be effective at the close
          of business on the date of such subdivision,  dividend or combination,
          as the case may be.

          (b) Reclassification,  Exchange,  Substitution,  In-Kind Distribution.
          Upon any reclassification,  exchange, substitution or other event that
          results  in a change  of the  number  and/or  class of the  securities
          issuable  upon  exercise  or  conversion  of this  Warrant or upon the
          payment of a dividend in securities  or property  other than shares of
          the Common  Stock,  the Holder  shall be  entitled  to  receive,  upon
          exercise  of this  Warrant,  the  number  and kind of  securities  and
          property  that Holder  would have  received  if this  Warrant had been
          exercised    immediately    before   the   record    date   for   such
          reclassification,   exchange,   substitution,   or   other   event  or
          immediately prior to the record date for such dividend. The Company or
          its successor  shall  promptly  issue to Holder a new warrant for such
          new  securities or other  property.  The new warrant shall provide for
          adjustments  which shall be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable
          to the adjustments  provided for in this Section 3 including,  without
          limitation,  adjustments  to the  Warrant  Price and to the  number of
          securities or property issuable upon exercise or conversion of the new
          warrant.  The provisions of this Section 3(b) shall similarly apply to
          successive  reclassifications,   exchanges,  substitutions,  or  other
          events and successive dividends.

          (c) Reorganization, Merger etc. In case of any merger or consolidation
          of the Company into or with another  corporation  where the Company is
          not the  surviving  corporation,  or sale,  transfer or lease (but not
          including  a transfer  or lease by pledge or  mortgage  to a bona fide
          lender) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company,  the
          Company, or such successor or purchasing corporation,  as the case may
          be, shall, as a condition to closing any such  reorganization,  merger
          or sale,  duly execute and deliver to the Holder  hereof a new warrant
          so that the  Holder  shall  have  the  right  to  receive,  at a total
          purchase  price  not to  exceed  that  payable  upon the  exercise  or
          conversion of the unexercised portion of this Warrant,  and in lieu of
          the shares of Warrant  Stock  theretofore  issuable  upon  exercise or
          conversion  of this  Warrant,  the kind and amount of shares of stock,
          other  securities,  money and property that would have been receivable
          upon such reorganization, merger or sale by the Holder with respect to
          the  Warrant  Stock if this  Warrant  had been  exercised  immediately
          before the  consummation of such  transaction.  Such new warrant shall
          provide for adjustments  that shall be as nearly  equivalent as may be
          practicable  to the  adjustments  provided  for in this Section 3. The
          provisions  of  this   subparagraph   (c)  shall  similarly  apply  to
          successive  transactions  of the type  described in this  subparagraph
          (c).

          (d)  Certificate  of  Adjustment.  In each  case of an  adjustment  or
          readjustment  of the Warrant Price,  the Company,  at its own expense,
          shall cause its Chief Financial  Officer to compute such adjustment or
          readjustment  in accordance  with the provisions  hereof and prepare a
          certificate  showing such adjustment or  readjustment,  and shall mail
          such certificate, by first class mail, postage prepaid, to the Holder.
          The  certificate  shall set forth  such  adjustment  or  readjustment,
          showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment
          is based.  No  adjustment of the Warrant Price shall be required to be
          made unless it would result in an increase or decrease of at least one
          cent, but any  adjustments  not made because of this sentence shall be
          carried  forward and taken into account in any  subsequent  adjustment
          otherwise required hereunder.

          (e)  No  Impairment.  The  Company  shall  not,  by  amendment  of its
          Certificate of Incorporation or through a reorganization,  transfer of
          assets,  consolidation,   merger,  dissolution,   issue,  or  sale  of
          securities or any other voluntary  action,  avoid or seek to avoid the
          observance  or  performance  of any of the  terms  to be  observed  or
          performed under this Warrant by the Company, but shall at all times in
          good  faith  assist  in  carrying  out all of the  provisions  of this
          Section  3 and in  taking  all  such  action  as may be  necessary  or
          appropriate  to protect  the  Holder's  rights  under  this  Section 3
          against impairment. If an event not specified in this Section 3 occurs
          that has  substantially  the same  economic  effect on the  Warrant as
          those  specifically  enumerated,  then  Section  3 shall be  construed
          liberally, mutatis mutandis, in order to give the Warrant the intended
          benefit of the  protections  provided  under  this  Section 3. In such
          event,  the  Company's  Board of Directors  shall make an  appropriate
          adjustment  in the  Warrant  Price so as to protect  the rights of the
          holders  of this  Warrant;  provided  that no  such  adjustment  shall
          increase the Warrant  Price as otherwise  determined  pursuant to this
          Section 3 or decrease  the number of shares of Common  Stock  issuable
          upon exercise of this Warrant.

          (f)  Fractional  Shares.  No fractional  shares shall be issuable upon
          exercise or  conversion  of the Warrant and the number of shares to be
          issued  shall  be  rounded  down  to the  nearest  whole  share.  If a
          fractional  share  interest  arises upon any exercise or conversion of
          the  Warrant,  the  Company  shall  eliminate  such  fractional  share
          interest by paying the Holder an amount  computed by  multiplying  the
          fractional interest by the fair market value of a full share.

     4. No Shareholder  Rights.  This Warrant,  by itself, as distinguished from
     any shares purchased hereunder,  shall not entitle its Holder to any of the
     rights of a shareholder of the Company.

     5.  Reservation of Stock.  The Company will reserve from its authorized and
     unissued stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of
     Warrant Stock upon the exercise or conversion of this Warrant.  Issuance of
     this Warrant shall constitute full authority to the Company's  officers who
     are charged with the duty of executing  stock  certificates  to execute and
     issue the necessary  certificates for shares of Warrant Stock issuable upon
     the exercise of this Warrant.

     6.  Exercise of Warrant.  This  Warrant may be  exercised as a whole by the
     Holder,  at any time from and after the Commencement  Time and prior to the
     termination  of this Warrant,  by the  surrender of this Warrant,  together
     with the Notice of Exercise and Investment  Representation Statement in the
     forms attached hereto as Attachments 1 and 2, respectively,  duly completed
     and executed at the principal office of the Company, specifying that all of
     the Warrant is to be exercised  and  accompanied  by payment in full of the
     Warrant  Price in wire  transfer or by check with  respect to the shares of
     Warrant  Stock being  purchased.  This Warrant shall be deemed to have been
     exercised  immediately  prior to the close of  business  on the date of its
     surrender  for  exercise  as  provided  above,  and the person  entitled to
     receive the shares of Warrant Stock  issuable  upon such exercise  shall be
     treated  for all  purposes as the holder of such shares of record as of the
     close of business on such date. As promptly as practicable after such date,
     the Company  shall  issue and deliver to the person or persons  entitled to
     receive  the same a  certificate  or  certificates  for the  number of full
     shares of Warrant Stock issuable upon such exercise.

     7. Transfer of Warrant.  This Warrant may be transferred or assigned by the
     Holder hereof as a whole or in part, provided:

          (a) that the transferor provides, at the Company's request, an opinion
          of counsel  satisfactory  to the Company that such  transfer  does not
          require registration under the Securities Act, and

          (b)  that if  after  such  transfer  there  will  be two or more  such
          Warrants (due to the Warrant  having been  transferred in part and not
          in whole),  that all persons  holding a Warrant  covering  shares that
          were covered by the  original  Warrant must agree in writing with each
          other  that none of them will  exercise  unless  all of them  exercise
          simultaneously, and

          (c) that unless the Company  approves the  transfer in writing  (which
          approval  shall not be  unreasonably  withheld),  that the  transferee
          certifies  to the  transferor  that  the  transferee  is not  directly
          engaged in the research,  development or  manufacture of  photovoltaic
          wafers, solar cells, or panels.

     8.  Termination.  This Warrant  shall  terminate at 5:00 p.m. New York City
     time on the Termination Date.

     9.  Miscellaneous.  This Warrant shall be governed by the laws of the State
     of  Delaware,  as such laws are applied to contracts to be entered into and
     performed entirely in Delaware by Delaware residents.  The headings in this
     Warrant are for purposes of convenience  and reference  only, and shall not
     be deemed to  constitute a part  hereof.  Neither this Warrant nor any term
     hereof  may be  changed  or waived  orally,  but only by an  instrument  in
     writing  signed by the Company and the Holder of this Warrant.  All notices
     and other  communications  from the  Company to the Holder of this  Warrant
     shall be delivered  personally  or by facsimile  transmission  or mailed by
     first class mail,  postage  prepaid,  to the  address or  facsimile  number
     furnished  to the Company in writing by the last Holder of this Warrant who
     shall  have  furnished  an address or  facsimile  number to the  Company in
     writing,  and if mailed shall be deemed  given three days after  deposit in
     the United  States  mail.  Upon  receipt of  evidence  satisfactory  to the
     Company of the ownership of and the loss, theft,  destruction or mutilation
     of any  Warrant  and, in the case of any such loss,  theft or  destruction,
     upon receipt of indemnity  or security  satisfactory  to the Company or, in
     the case of any such  mutilation,  upon surrender and  cancellation of such
     Warrant,  the Company will make and deliver,  in lieu of such lost, stolen,
     destroyed  or  mutilated   Warrant,   a  new  Warrant  of  like  tenor  and
     representing  the right to purchase the same aggregate  number of shares of
     Common Stock.

     10. Counterparts. This Warrant may be executed in two or more counterparts,
     each of which shall be deemed an original  but all of which shall  together
     be considered one and the same instrument.



<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  this Warrant is executed as of the day, month and year
first written above.


EVERGREEN SOLAR, INC.                  BEACON POWER CORPORATION


By:/s/ Richard G. Chleboski            By: /s/ James M. Spiezio
      ------------------------             -----------------------
Name:  Richard G. Chleboski            Name:  James M. Spiezio
Title:  Chief Financial Officer        Title:  Chief Financial Officer


<PAGE>

                                  Attachment 1



NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO:  EVERGREEN SOLAR, INC.

1.   The  undersigned  hereby  elects to purchase all shares of Warrant Stock of
     Evergreen Solar, Inc.  pursuant to the terms of the attached  Warrant,  and
     tenders herewith  payment of the purchase price in full,  together with all
     applicable transfer taxes, if any.

2.   Please issue a  certificate  or  certificates  representing  said shares of
     Warrant  Stock in the name of the  undersigned  or in such other name as is
     specified below:

                         ------------------------------
                 (Name in which certificate(s) are to be issued)

                         -------------------------------
                                    (Address)




                                           -----------------------------------
                                                (Name of Warrant Holder)

                                       By:
                                           -----------------------------------
                                    Title:
                                           -----------------------------------
                              Date signed:
                                           -----------------------------------

<PAGE>



                                  Attachment 2

                       INVESTMENT REPRESENTATION STATEMENT

     In  connection  with the  purchase  of the  shares of  Warrant  Stock  upon
exercise of the enclosed Warrant, the undersigned hereby represents to Evergreen
Solar, Inc. (the "Company") as follows:

     (a) The  securities  to be received  upon the  exercise of the Warrant (the
"Securities")  will be acquired for  investment  for its own  account,  not as a
nominee or agent,  and not with a view to the sale or  distribution  of any part
thereof,  and the  undersigned  has no present  intention  of selling,  granting
participation in or otherwise distributing the same, but subject,  nevertheless,
to any  requirement  of law that the  disposition  of its property  shall at all
times be within its  control.  By  executing  this  statement,  the  undersigned
further represents that it does not have any contract, undertaking, agreement or
arrangement with any person to sell,  transfer,  or grant participations to such
person or to any third  person,  with respect to any  Securities  issuable  upon
exercise of the Warrant.

     (b) The undersigned  understands that the Securities issuable upon exercise
of the  Warrant  at the  time  of  issuance  may  not be  registered  under  the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities  Act"), and applicable state
securities  laws,  on the ground that the issuance of such  securities is exempt
pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and state law exemptions relating
to offers and sales not by means of a public  offering,  and that the  Company's
reliance on such exemptions is predicated on the  undersigned's  representations
set forth herein.

     (c) The  undersigned  agrees that in no event will it make a disposition of
any Securities acquired upon the exercise of the Warrant unless and until (i) it
shall have  notified  the  Company of the  proposed  disposition  and shall have
furnished  the Company with a statement  of the  circumstances  surrounding  the
proposed  disposition,  and (ii) it shall have  furnished  the  Company  with an
opinion of counsel  satisfactory  to the  Company and  Company's  counsel to the
effect that (A) appropriate  action necessary for compliance with the Securities
Act and any applicable state securities laws has been taken or an exemption from
the registration  requirements of the Securities Act and such laws is available,
and (B) the proposed transfer will not violate any of said laws.

     (d) The  undersigned  acknowledges  that an  investment  in the  Company is
highly  speculative  and  represents  that it is able to fend for  itself in the
transactions  contemplated by this statement,  has such knowledge and experience
in financial and business  matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and
risks  of its  investments,  and has the  ability  to bear  the  economic  risks
(including  the  risk  of a  total  loss)  of its  investment.  The  undersigned
represents  that it has had the  opportunity  to ask  questions  of the  Company
concerning  the  Company's  business  and assets  and to obtain  any  additional
information  which it  considered  necessary  to verify  the  accuracy  of or to
amplify the Company's  disclosures,  and has had all  questions  which have been
asked by it satisfactorily answered by the Company.

     (e) The undersigned acknowledges that the Securities issuable upon exercise
or  conversion  of the Warrant  must be held  indefinitely  unless  subsequently
registered  under the Securities Act or an exemption from such  registration  is
available.  The  undersigned is aware of the provisions of Rule 144  promulgated
under the Securities  Act which permit  limited resale of shares  purchased in a
private placement subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions,  including,
among  other  things,  the  existence  of a public  market for the  shares,  the
availability of certain current public information about the Company, the resale
occurring  not less than one year after a party has  purchased  and paid for the
security to be sold from the Company or any  affiliate of the Company,  the sale
being  through a  "broker's  transaction"  or in  transactions  directly  with a
"market  maker" (as provided by Rule 144(f)) and the number of shares being sold
during any three month period not exceeding specified limitations.

Dated:
      ------------------


- ---------------------------------------
(Typed or Printed Name)


By:
   -----------------------------------
              (Signature)


- ---------------------------------------
(Name)


- ---------------------------------------
(Title)




