
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1
    ELMER'S
RESTAURANTS, INC.



PRESS RELEASE

For Release                                                   CONTACT:
                                                              --------
December 21, 2004                                             Kristi Dunlap
5:00 A.M. PST                                                 (503) 252-1485


                       ELMER'S RESTAURANTS, INC. RECEIVES
                             GOING PRIVATE PROPOSAL

         Portland,  Oregon  (December  21,  2004)  -  Elmer's  Restaurants,  Inc
(NASDAQ--SmallCap: ELMS) (the "Company") announced that is has received a Tender
Offer  has  been  filed  with  the SEC for a going  private  transaction  from a
purchaser  group led by Bruce N.  Davis,  the  Company's  Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive Officer and President, and consisting of 13 current shareholders
and the  Company's  board of  directors.  In  response  to the Tender  Offer the
Company has prepared a Schedule  14D-9 which was filed with the SEC December 21,
2004.  As a  courtesy  to  shareholders,  a copy  of the  Tender  Offer  and the
Company's     response    is    available    on    the    company's     website,
www.elmers-restaurants.com or the SEC's website, http://www.sec.gov.

         The Company owns and operates 10 Elmer's  Restaurants and franchises 23
Elmer's  Restaurants in Washington,  Oregon,  California,  Idaho and Montana. It
also owns and operates five Mitzel's  American Kitchen  restaurants in the Puget
Sound region of Washington, and 13 delicatessen-style restaurants in Oregon.

         This  press  release  includes  forward-looking  statements  within the
meaning of federal  securities laws that are subject to risks and uncertainties,
including the  inability to satisfy the  financing  and other  conditions to any
proposed transaction,  general economic conditions and other factors that may be
identified in filings made with the SEC by the Company or the purchaser group.


                                       ###




