
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1


FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Investor Contacts:
Elizabeth Foster or Claudia Jones
Neurocrine Biosciences
(858) 617-7600

            INDIPLON IR NDA (NEW DRUG APPLICATION) TO BE REFORMATTED
                DUE TO DIFFICULTIES IN ACCESSING PORTIONS OF THE
                                 ELECTRONIC NDA

San Diego, CA, December 21, 2004 - Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:NBIX)
announced today that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has not
accepted the Company's NDA for indiplon immediate release (IR) due to
difficulties encountered in navigating the electronic NDA. Neurocrine is working
to resolve the issues relating to the navigation of the electronic filing and to
minimize any impact on the expected timelines for approval and launch of
indiplon. The indiplon modified release (MR) filing is currently under review
with the FDA and the Company is also working to address any potential formatting
issues with the MR filing. The formatting issues are based solely on technical
difficulties with the electronic navigation and do not pertain to the content of
the filings.

The IR NDA was submitted on October 19, 2004 to the Anesthesia and Critical Care
Division of the FDA and was transferred for review to the Neuropharm Division of
the FDA on November 19, 2004. The Neuropharm Division is now responsible for the
indiplon review and approval process. The filing contains studies which comprise
one of the most extensive programs conducted to date in insomnia, with data from
68 clinical trials and over 80 preclinical studies. The NDA was filed in eCTD
electronic format, which contains over 1,350 volumes or 475,000 pages of data.

Conference Call and Web Cast Today:  December 21, 2004

Neurocrine will host a live conference call and web cast today, December 21,
2004 at 9:00 AM Eastern Standard Time (6:00 AM Pacific Standard Time).
Participants may access the live conference call by dialing 1-800-540-0559
(U.S.) or 785-832-2422 (International) and using the identification code: NBIX.
The call can also be accessed via the web cast through the Company's website at
http://www.neurocrine.com. A replay of the conference call will be available
approximately one hour after the conclusion of the call by dialing
1-877-856-8966 (US) or 402-220-1610. The call will be archived until January 4,
2005.

Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. is a product-based biopharmaceutical company
focused on neurological and endocrine diseases and disorders. Our product
candidates address some of the largest pharmaceutical markets in the world
including insomnia, anxiety, depression, diabetes, multiple sclerosis, irritable
bowel syndrome, eating disorders, pain, and autoimmunity. Neurocrine
Biosciences, Inc. news releases are available through the Company's website via
the Internet at http://www.neurocrine.com
<PAGE>
In addition to historical facts, this press release may contain forward-looking
statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Among the factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the
forward looking statements are risks and uncertainties associated with
Neurocrine's business and finances, but not limited to, risk and uncertainties
associated with the Company's indiplon program and planned regulatory
activities. Specifically, the risks and uncertainties the Company faces with
respect to its indiplon program include, but are not limited to; risk that the
Company will not be able to reformat the indiplon IR NDA within the Company's
projected timelines; risk that the Company will be unable to reformat the
indiplon IR NDA in a manner acceptable to the FDA; risk that the FDA may require
that the indiplon MR NDA also be reformatted; the risk that regulatory
authorities may reject our regulatory filings or find them incomplete or
insufficient; risk that additional clinical studies may be required to support
filings for regulatory approval; risk relating to the Company's dependence on
contract manufacturers for clinical drug supply and compliance with regulatory
requirements for marketing approval; risk that the Company may not receive
regulatory approval for indiplon or approval may be delayed; risks associated
with the Company's dependence on corporate collaborators for commercial
manufacturing and marketing and sales activities; risk that the indiplon
labeling granted by regulatory authorities may limit the commercial success of
indiplon; uncertainties relating to patent protection and intellectual property
rights of third parties; risks and uncertainties relating to competitive
products and technological changes that may limit demand for the Company's
products; risk that the Company will be unable to raise additional funding
required to complete development of all of its product candidates; and the other
risks described in the Company's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2003 and most recent report on Form 10-Q filed for the third quarter ended,
September 30, 2004. Neurocrine undertakes no obligation to update the statements
contained in this press release after the date hereof.



