
                                                    Exhibits 5.1, 8.1 and 23.1
                                                    --------------------------

                        Sidley Austin Brown & Wood LLP
                               787 Seventh Ave.
                           New York, New York 10019
                           Telephone: (212) 839-5300
                           Facsimile: (212) 839-5599






                                                           December 30, 2004

CWALT, Inc.
4500 Park Granada
Calabasas, California  91302



          Re:  CWALT, Inc.
               Alternative Loan Trust 2004-J13
               Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates,
               Series 2004-J13
               -----------------------------------



Ladies and Gentlemen:

     We have acted as special counsel for CWALT, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the "Company"), in connection with the issuance of the Mortgage Pass-Through
Certificates of the above-referenced Series (the "Certificates") pursuant to a
Pooling and Servicing Agreement dated as of December 1, 2004 (the "Pooling and
Servicing Agreement"), among the Company, as depositor, Countrywide Home
Loans, Inc., as a seller ("CHL"), Park Granada LLC, as a seller ("Park
Granada" and, together with CHL, the "Sellers"), Countrywide Home Loans
Servicing LP, as master servicer (the "Master Servicer"), and The Bank of New
York, as trustee (the "Trustee").

     The Certificates will represent the entire beneficial ownership interest
in Alternative Loan Trust 2004-J13 (the "Trust Fund"). The assets of the Trust
Fund will consist primarily of a pool of fixed-rate mortgage loans and
conventional hybrid adjustable-rate mortgage loans (the "Mortgage Loans")
secured by first liens on one- to four-family residential properties.
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to
such terms in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement.

     We have examined such documents and records and made such investigations
of such matters of law as we have deemed appropriate as a basis for the
opinions expressed below.



                                      5
<PAGE>

Further, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures and the
authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals.

     Based upon the foregoing, we are of the opinion that:

1. The Pooling and Servicing Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and
   delivered by the Company, the Sellers and the Master Servicer and, assuming
   due authorization, execution and delivery by the Trustee, constitutes a
   valid, legal and binding agreement of the Company, the Sellers and the
   Master Servicer, enforceable against the Company, the Sellers and the
   Master Servicer in accordance with its terms, subject, as to
   enforceability, to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
   other similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and to general
   principles of equity regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a
   proceeding in equity or at law. In rendering this opinion, we have relied
   on the opinions of counsel of Sandor E. Samuels as to matters involving the
   due authorization, execution and delivery of the Pooling and Servicing
   Agreement by the Depositor, the Sellers and the Master Servicer.

2. Assuming that the Certificates have been duly executed and countersigned by
   the Trustee in the manner contemplated in the Pooling and Servicing
   Agreement, when delivered and paid for, the Certificates will be validly
   issued and outstanding and entitled to the benefits of the Pooling and
   Servicing Agreement.

3. Each REMIC described in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement will qualify
   as a real estate mortgage investment conduit within the meaning of
   Section 860D of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
   "Code"), the Regular Certificates will be treated as regular interests in
   the Master REMIC, the Class A-R Certificate will represent ownership of
   the sole class of residual interest in each REMIC described in the
   Pooling and Servicing Agreement, and the interests of the holders of the
   Regular Certificates with respect to Net Rate Carryover will represent,
   for federal income tax purposes, contractual rights coupled with regular
   interests within the meaning of Treasury regulation ss. 1.860G-2(i),
   assuming: (i) an election is made to treat the assets of each REMIC as a
   real estate mortgage investment conduit, (ii) compliance with the Pooling
   and Servicing Agreement and (iii) compliance with changes in the law,
   including any amendments to the Code or applicable Treasury regulations
   thereunder.

     The opinion set forth in paragraph 3 is based upon the current provisions
of the Code and Treasury regulations issued or proposed thereunder, Revenue
Rulings and other published releases of the Internal Revenue Service and
current case law, any of which can change at any time. Any such changes could
apply retroactively and could modify the legal conclusions upon which our
opinions are based. Our opinion is limited as described above, and we do not
express an opinion on any other tax aspect of the transactions contemplated by
the Pooling and Servicing Agreement or the effect of such transactions on
Countrywide Financial Corporation, any member of its federal consolidated
group or any of its wholly owned affiliates.

     In rendering the foregoing opinions, we express no opinion as to the laws
of any jurisdiction other than the federal tax laws of the United States of
America, the corporate laws of the State of Delaware and the laws of the State
of New York.



                                      6
<PAGE>

     We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the
Company's Report on Form 8-K dated the date hereof.

                                       Very truly yours,

                                          /s/ SIDLEY AUSTIN BROWN & WOOD LLP
                                          ----------------------------------
                                              SIDLEY AUSTIN BROWN & WOOD LLP



                                      7

