

EXHIBIT 4.2

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE
HAVE  BEEN  REGISTERED  WITH  THE  SECURITIES  AND  EXCHANGE  COMMISSION  OR THE
SECURITIES   COMMISSION  OF  ANY  STATE  IN  RELIANCE  UPON  AN  EXEMPTION  FROM
REGISTRATION  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OF 1933,  AS AMENDED  (THE  "SECURITIES
ACT"),  AND,  ACCORDINGLY,  MAY NOT BE OFFERED  OR SOLD  EXCEPT  PURSUANT  TO AN
EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
AVAILABLE  EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE  REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS  OF THE  SECURITIES  ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE  WITH  APPLICABLE  STATE
SECURITIES  LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO
SUCH  EFFECT,  THE  SUBSTANCE  OF WHICH SHALL BE  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE  TO THE
COMPANY.  THIS  SECURITY  MAY BE PLEDGED IN  CONNECTION  WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN
ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

Original Issue Date: December 15, 2004

                                                                     $275,000.00

             12% SENIOR SUBORDINATED SECURED NOTE DUE JUNE 15, 2005

      THIS NOTE is one of a series of duly  authorized  and  issued  12%  Senior
Subordinated Secured Notes of Knobias,  Inc., a Delaware  corporation,  having a
principal  place of business at 875 Northpark  Drive,  Ridgeland,  MS 39157 (the
"Company"), designated as its 12% Senior Subordinated Secured Note, due June 15,
2005 (the "Note(s)").

      FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises to pay to DCOFI MASTER LDC or its
registered assigns (the "Holder"),  the principal sum of $275,000.00 on June 15,
2005 or such earlier date as the Notes are required or permitted to be repaid as
provided  hereunder (the "Maturity Date"),  and to pay interest to the Holder on
the aggregate  unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of this Note in
accordance  with the  provisions  hereof.  This Note is subject to the following
additional provisions:

      Section 1. Definitions.  For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms
defined  elsewhere in this Note:  (a)  capitalized  terms not otherwise  defined
herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Purchase Agreement,  and (b)
the following terms shall have the following meanings:

            "Alternate  Consideration"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth in
      Section 4(c).

            "Balance"  means the difference  between  $500,000 and the aggregate
      amount of the Company's 12% Secured Notes due June 15, 2005 outstanding.


                                       1
<PAGE>

            "Business  Day"  means any day except  Saturday,  Sunday and any day
      which shall be a federal  legal  holiday in the United  States or a day on
      which  banking  institutions  in the State of New York are  authorized  or
      required by law or other government action to close.

            "Change of Control  Transaction"  means the occurrence of any of (i)
      an  acquisition  after the date hereof by an individual or legal entity or
      "group" (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1)  promulgated  under the Exchange
      Act) of effective  control (whether through legal or beneficial  ownership
      of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of
      33% of the voting securities of the Company,  or (ii) a replacement at one
      time or within a three year period of more than one-half of the members of
      the  Company's  board of directors  which is not approved by a majority of
      those  individuals  who are members of the board of  directors on the date
      hereof (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the board of
      directors  on any date  whose  nomination  to the board of  directors  was
      approved by a majority of the  members of the board of  directors  who are
      members on the date  hereof),  or (iii) the execution by the Company of an
      agreement  to which  the  Company  is a party  or by  which  it is  bound,
      providing for any of the events set forth above in (i) or (ii).

            "Common  Stock"  means the common  stock,  $ .01 par  value,  of the
      Company and stock of any other class into which such shares may  hereafter
      have been reclassified or changed.

            "Event of Default" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.

            "Exchange  Act"  means  the  Securities  Exchange  Act of  1934,  as
      amended.

            "Fundamental  Transaction"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth in
      Section 4(c) hereof.

            "Late Fees" shall have the meaning set forth in the second paragraph
      to this Note.

            "Mandatory  Prepayment  Amount" for any Notes shall equal the sum of
      (i) (A) 100% of the  principal  amount  of Notes to be  prepaid,  plus all
      accrued and unpaid interest  thereon if such prepayment  shall occur on or
      before ninety (90) days from the date hereof, or (B) 105% of the principal
      amount  of Notes to be  prepaid,  plus all  accrued  and  unpaid  interest
      thereon if such  prepayment  shall occur  after  ninety (90) days from the
      date  hereof and prior to the  Maturity  Date and (ii) all other  amounts,
      costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect of such Notes.

            "Original  Issue Date" shall mean the date of the first  issuance of
      the Notes regardless of the number of transfers of any Note and regardless
      of the number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Note.

            "Penalty  Shares"  means 100,000  shares of registered  Common Stock
      issuable to the Holder in accordance with the terms herein.


                                       2
<PAGE>

            "Person"  means  a  corporation,   an  association,  a  partnership,
      organization,  a  business,  an  individual,  a  government  or  political
      subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.

            "Purchase Agreement" means the Securities Purchase Agreement,  dated
      as of December 15, 2004, to which the Company and the original  Holder are
      parties,  as  amended,  modified  or  supplemented  from  time  to time in
      accordance with its terms.

            "Securities  Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,  and
      the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

            "Subsidiary"  shall  have  the  meaning  given  to such  term in the
      Purchase Agreement.

            "Trading  Day" means a day on which the Common  Stock is traded on a
      Trading Market.

            "Trading  Market" means the following  markets or exchanges on which
      the Common  Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question:
      the Nasdaq  SmallCap  Market,  the American Stock  Exchange,  the New York
      Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq National Market or the OTC Bulletin Board.

            "Transaction  Documents"  shall  have the  meaning  set forth in the
      Purchase Agreement.

      Section 2. Interest and Prepayments.

            a) Payment of Interest in Cash.  The Company  shall pay  interest to
      the Holder on the aggregate and outstanding  principal amount of this Note
      at the rate of 12% per annum,  payable monthly in cash on the first day of
      each month, beginning on the first such date after the Original Issue Date
      and on the Maturity  Date (except that, if any such date is not a Business
      Day, then such payment shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day).

            b) Payment of Unused Line Fee.  The Company  shall pay a fee in cash
      to the Holder equal to 4% per annum on the Balance  until such time as the
      Purchaser  delivers the Balance to the Company.  This fee shall be payable
      monthly on the first day of each month,  beginning  on the first such date
      after the Original  Issue Date and on the Maturity  Date (except  that, if
      any such date is not a Business Day, then such payment shall be due on the
      next succeeding Business Day).

            c) Late Fee.  All  overdue  accrued  and unpaid  interest to be paid
      hereunder  shall  entail a late fee at the rate of 20% per  annum (or such
      lower maximum amount of interest  permitted to be charged under applicable
      law) ("Late Fee") which will accrue daily,  from the date such interest is
      due hereunder through and including the date of payment.


                                       3
<PAGE>

            d) Optional Prepayment.  The Company shall have the right to prepay,
      in  cash,  all or a  portion  of the  Notes  for an  amount  equal to such
      percentage  of the  principal  amount to be repaid as set forth in (i) and
      (ii) below, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon:

                  (i) In the event  that the Notes  are  prepaid  on or prior to
      ninety (90) days from the date hereof, the prepayment shall be 100%.

                  (ii) In the event  that the Notes are  prepaid  after o ninety
      (90) days from the date hereof, the prepayment shall be 105%.

            e)  Mandatory  Prepayment.  In the  event  that the  Company  or its
      Subsidiaries  sell  debt or  equity  securities  of any kind  and  receive
      proceeds in excess of $2,000,000 from such sale (regardless of whether the
      proceeds are received through one or more transactions),  upon the closing
      of any such transaction,  the Company shall be required to repay, in cash,
      all of the Notes in such  percentages as set forth in Sections 2(d)(i) and
      (ii) above, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon.

      Section 3. Registration of Transfers and Exchanges.

            a) Different  Denominations.  This Note is exchangeable for an equal
      aggregate principal amount of Notes of different authorized denominations,
      as requested by the Holder  surrendering  the same. No service charge will
      be made for such registration of transfer or exchange.

            b) Investment Representations.  This Note has been issued subject to
      certain investment representations of the original Holder set forth in the
      Purchase  Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance
      with the Purchase  Agreement and applicable  federal and state  securities
      laws and regulations.

            c)  Reliance  on Note  Register.  Prior  to due  presentment  to the
      Company  for  transfer  of this  Note,  the  Company  and any agent of the
      Company may treat the Person in whose name this Note is duly registered on
      the Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment
      as herein provided and for all other purposes, whether or not this Note is
      overdue,  and  neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by
      notice to the contrary.

      Section 4. Certain Adjustments.

            a) Stock  Dividends  and Stock Splits.  If the Company,  at any time
      while the  Notes  are  outstanding:  (A)  shall  pay a stock  dividend  or
      otherwise make a  distribution  or  distributions  on shares of its Common
      Stock or any other  equity  or equity  equivalent  securities  payable  in
      shares of Common Stock, (B) subdivide  outstanding  shares of Common Stock
      into a larger number of shares,  (C) combine  (including by way of reverse
      stock split)  outstanding  shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of
      shares, or (D) issue by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any
      shares of capital stock of the Company,  then the Penalty  Shares shall be
      adjusted  accordingly.  Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section shall
      become effective  immediately  after the record date for the determination
      of  stockholders  entitled to receive such  dividend or  distribution  and
      shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of
      a subdivision, combination or re-classification.


                                       4
<PAGE>

            b) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 4 shall be made
      to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
      The number of shares of Common Stock  outstanding  at any given time shall
      not include  shares of Common Stock owned or held by or for the account of
      the Company,  and the description of any such shares of Common Stock shall
      be  considered  one issue or sale of Common  Stock.  For  purposes of this
      Section  4, the number of shares of Common  Stock  deemed to be issued and
      outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of
      Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

            c)  Fundamental  Transaction.  If,  at any time  while  this Note is
      outstanding,  (A) the Company effects any merger or  consolidation  of the
      Company  with or into  another  Person,  other  than the  Merger,  (B) the
      Company effects any sale of all or substantially  all of its assets in one
      or a series of  related  transactions,  (C) any tender  offer or  exchange
      offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed  pursuant to
      which  holders of Common Stock are  permitted to tender or exchange  their
      shares for other securities,  cash or property, or (D) the Company effects
      any  reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange
      pursuant  to which  the  Common  Stock is  effectively  converted  into or
      exchanged  for other  securities,  cash or property  (in any such case,  a
      "Fundamental Transaction"),  then upon issuance of the Penalty Shares, the
      Holder shall have the right to receive,  for each Penalty Share that would
      have been issuable absent such Fundamental Transaction,  the same kind and
      amount of  securities,  cash or property as it would have been entitled to
      receive upon the  occurrence  of such  Fundamental  Transaction  if it had
      been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of one
      share of Common  Stock  (the  "Alternate  Consideration").  If  holders of
      Common Stock are given any choice as to the  securities,  cash or property
      to be  received in a  Fundamental  Transaction,  then the Holder  shall be
      given the same choice as to the Alternate  Consideration  it receives upon
      issuance of the Penalty Shares following such Fundamental Transaction.  To
      the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor
      to the Company or surviving entity in such Fundamental  Transaction  shall
      issue to the Holder a new note consistent  with the foregoing  provisions.
      The terms of any agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental  Transaction is
      effected  shall  include terms  requiring any such  successor or surviving
      entity to comply with the  provisions  of this  paragraph (c) and insuring
      that  this  Note  (or any such  replacement  security)  will be  similarly
      adjusted  upon  any  subsequent  transaction  analogous  to a  Fundamental
      Transaction.

      Section 6.  Penalty  Share  Issuance.  In addition to all of the  remedies
available to the Holder  pursuant to Section 8, in the event that the  principal
amount of the Note, together with all accrued, but unpaid,  interest is not paid
within two (2) Trading Days of the Maturity  Date,  the Company  shall issue the
Penalty Shares to the Holder.


                                       5
<PAGE>

      Section  7.  Negative  Covenants.  So long as any  portion of this Note is
outstanding, the Company will not and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to
directly or indirectly:

            a) enter  into,  create,  incur,  assume  or  suffer  to  exist  any
      indebtedness  or  liens  of any  kind,  on or with  respect  to any of its
      property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein
      or any income or profits  therefrom that is senior to, or pari passu with,
      in any respect,  the Company's  obligations  under the Notes;

            b) amend its certificate of  incorporation,  bylaws or other charter
      documents so as to adversely affect any rights of the Holder;

            c) repay,  repurchase  or offer to repay,  repurchase  or  otherwise
      acquire  any of  its  Common  Stock,  Preferred  Stock,  or  other  equity
      securities; or

            d) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

      Section 8. Events of Default.

            a) "Event of Default",  wherever  used herein,  means any one of the
      following events (whatever the reason and whether it shall be voluntary or
      involuntary  or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any  judgment,
      decree or order of any court,  or any  order,  rule or  regulation  of any
      administrative or governmental body):

                  i. any default in the payment of (A) the  principal  of amount
            of any Note, or (B) interest (including Late Fees) on, or damages in
            respect   of,  any  Note,   in  each  case  free  of  any  claim  of
            subordination,  as and when the same shall  become  due and  payable
            (whether on the Maturity Date or by acceleration or otherwise) which
            default,  solely in the case of an interest payment or other default
            under clause (B) above, is not cured, within 2 Trading Days;

                  ii. the  Company  shall  fail to observe or perform  any other
            covenant  or  agreement  contained  in this Note or any of the other
            Transaction  Documents  which  failure is not cured,  if possible to
            cure, within the earlier to occur of (A) 5 Trading Days after notice
            of such default sent by the Holder or by any other Holder and (B) 10
            Trading  Days after the Company  shall  become or should have become
            aware of such failure;

                  iii. a default or event of  default  (subject  to any grace or
            cure period  provided for in the applicable  agreement,  document or
            instrument)  shall occur under (A) any of the Transaction  Documents
            other than the Notes,  or (B) any other material  agreement,  lease,
            document or  instrument  to which the Company or any  Subsidiary  is
            bound;


                                       6
<PAGE>

                  iv. any  representation  or warranty made herein, in any other
            Transaction  Document,  in any written statement  pursuant hereto or
            thereto, or in any other report,  financial statement or certificate
            made or  delivered  to the Holder or any other holder of Notes shall
            be untrue or incorrect  in any material  respect as of the date when
            made or deemed made;

                  v. (i) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries  shall commence,
            or  there  shall  be  commenced  against  the  Company  or any  such
            Subsidiary,  a case under any  applicable  bankruptcy  or insolvency
            laws as now or hereafter in effect or any successor thereto,  or the
            Company or any Subsidiary  commences any other  proceeding under any
            reorganization,  arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors,
            dissolution,  insolvency  or  liquidation  or  similar  law  of  any
            jurisdiction  whether  now or  hereafter  in effect  relating to the
            Company or any Subsidiary thereof or (ii) there is commenced against
            the  Company  or  any  Subsidiary   thereof  any  such   bankruptcy,
            insolvency  or other  proceeding  which  remains  undismissed  for a
            period of 60 days; or (iii) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof is
            adjudicated  by a  court  of  competent  jurisdiction  insolvent  or
            bankrupt;  or any order of relief or other order  approving any such
            case or proceeding is entered; or (iv) the Company or any Subsidiary
            thereof  suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it
            or any substantial part of its property which continues undischarged
            or  unstayed  for a period  of 60 days;  or (v) the  Company  or any
            Subsidiary  thereof  makes a general  assignment  for the benefit of
            creditors;  or (vi) the  Company  shall fail to pay,  or shall state
            that it is  unable  to pay,  or shall be  unable  to pay,  its debts
            generally as they become due; or (vii) the Company or any Subsidiary
            thereof  shall  call a  meeting  of  its  creditors  with a view  to
            arranging a composition,  adjustment or  restructuring of its debts;
            or (viii) the Company or any Subsidiary  thereof shall by any act or
            failure to act  expressly  indicate  its consent to,  approval of or
            acquiescence in any of the foregoing; or (ix) any corporate or other
            action is taken by the  Company or any  Subsidiary  thereof  for the
            purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;

                  vi. the Company or any Subsidiary  shall default in any of its
            obligations under any mortgage,  credit agreement or other facility,
            indenture  agreement,  factoring agreement or other instrument under
            which  there may be  issued,  or by which  there may be  secured  or
            evidenced any indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any
            long term  leasing or  factoring  arrangement  of the  Company in an
            amount exceeding  $150,000,  whether such indebtedness now exists or
            shall  hereafter  be created and such  default  shall result in such
            indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the
            date on which it would otherwise become due and payable;

                  vii. the Common  Stock shall not be eligible for  quotation on
            or quoted  for  trading  on a Trading  Market and shall not again be
            eligible  for and quoted or listed for trading  thereon  within five
            Trading Days;


                                       7
<PAGE>

                  viii.  the  Company  shall be a party to any Change of Control
            Transaction  or  Fundamental  Transaction,  shall  agree  to sell or
            dispose  of all or in  excess  of 33% of its  assets  in one or more
            transactions  (whether or not such sale would constitute a Change of
            Control  Transaction)  or shall redeem or repurchase  more than a de
            minimis  number of its  outstanding  shares of Common Stock or other
            equity  securities of the Company (other than  repurchases of shares
            of Common Stock or other equity securities of departing officers and
            directors of the Company; provided such repurchases shall not exceed
            $100,000,  in the aggregate,  for all officers and directors  during
            the term of this Note);

            b) Remedies Upon Event of Default.  If any Event of Default  occurs,
      the full principal  amount of this Note,  together with interest and other
      amounts  owing  in  respect  thereof,  to the date of  acceleration  shall
      become, at the Holder's election, immediately due and payable in cash. The
      aggregate  amount  payable upon an Event of Default  shall be equal to the
      Mandatory Prepayment Amount. Commencing 5 days after the occurrence of any
      Event of Default that results in the eventual  acceleration  of this Note,
      the interest  rate on this Note shall accrue at the rate of 20% per annum,
      or such lower  maximum  amount of interest  permitted to be charged  under
      applicable law. All Notes for which the full Mandatory  Prepayment  Amount
      hereunder  shall have been paid in accordance  herewith  shall promptly be
      surrendered to or as directed by the Company.  The Holder need not provide
      and the Company hereby waives any  presentment,  demand,  protest or other
      notice of any kind, and the Holder may immediately and without  expiration
      of any  grace  period  enforce  any and  all of its  rights  and  remedies
      hereunder and all other  remedies  available to it under  applicable  law.
      Such declaration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder at any time prior
      to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a Note holder
      until such time, if any, as the full payment under this Section shall have
      been  received by it. No such  rescission  or  annulment  shall affect any
      subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

      Section 9. Miscellaneous.

            a)  Notices.   Any  and  all  notices  or  other  communications  or
      deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder shall be in writing and
      delivered  personally,  by  facsimile,  sent  by a  nationally  recognized
      overnight  courier service,  addressed to the Company,  at the address set
      forth  above,  facsimile  number  (601)  978-3675,  ATTN:  E. KEY  RAMSEY,
      PRESIDENT,  or such other  address or facsimile  number as the Company may
      specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders delivered in accordance
      with  this  Section.  Any and  all  notices  or  other  communications  or
      deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and
      delivered  personally,  by  facsimile,  sent  by a  nationally  recognized
      overnight  courier  service  addressed  to each  Holder  at the  facsimile
      telephone  number or address of such Holder  appearing on the books of the
      Company,  or if no such facsimile  telephone number or address appears, at
      the  principal  place of  business  of the  Holder.  Any  notice  or other
      communication or deliveries  hereunder shall be deemed given and effective
      on the  earliest  of (i) the  date of  transmission,  if  such  notice  or
      communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile telephone number
      specified in this Section  prior to 5:30 p.m.  (New York City time),  (ii)
      the date after the date of  transmission,  if such notice or communication
      is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile  telephone number specified in
      this  Section  later  than 5:30 p.m.  (New York City time) on any date and
      earlier  than  11:59 p.m.  (New York City  time) on such  date,  (iii) the
      second  Business Day following the date of mailing,  if sent by nationally
      recognized  overnight courier service,  or (iv) upon actual receipt by the
      party to whom such notice is required to be given.


                                       8
<PAGE>

            b) Absolute  Obligation.  Except as expressly  provided  herein,  no
      provision  of this  Note  shall  alter or  impair  the  obligation  of the
      Company,  which is absolute and  unconditional,  to pay the  principal of,
      interest and liquidated damages (if any) on, this Note at the time, place,
      and rate, and in the coin or currency,  herein prescribed.  This Note is a
      direct debt obligation of the Company. This Note ranks pari passu with all
      other Notes now or hereafter issued under the terms set forth herein

            c) Lost or Mutilated  Note. If this Note shall be  mutilated,  lost,
      stolen or destroyed,  the Company  shall execute and deliver,  in exchange
      and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Note, or in lieu
      of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed Note, a new Note for
      the principal amount of this Note so mutilated,  lost, stolen or destroyed
      but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss,  theft or  destruction  of
      such Note, and of the ownership hereof, and indemnity,  if requested,  all
      reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

            d)  Security  Interest/Subordination.  This  Note is a  direct  debt
      obligation  of the Company  and,  pursuant to the  Security  Agreement  is
      secured by a second  priority  perfected  security  interest in all of the
      assets of the Company for the benefit of the Holders.  The  obligations of
      the  Company to the Holders  are  subordinated  in right of payment to the
      obligations  owing to the  holders of the 8% Senior  Subordinated  Secured
      Convertible Notes of the Company.

            e)  Governing  Law.  All  questions   concerning  the  construction,
      validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Note shall be governed by
      and  construed  and enforced in  accordance  with the internal laws of the
      State of New York,  without  regard to the  principles of conflicts of law
      thereof.  Each party  agrees  that all legal  proceedings  concerning  the
      interpretations,  enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
      by any of the  Transaction  Documents  (whether  brought  against  a party
      hereto or its respective affiliates,  directors,  officers,  shareholders,
      employees or agents)  shall be  commenced in the state and federal  courts
      sitting  in the City of New  York,  Borough  of  Manhattan  (the "New York
      Courts").  Each party hereto hereby  irrevocably  submits to the exclusive
      jurisdiction  of the New York Courts for the  adjudication  of any dispute
      hereunder or in connection  herewith or with any transaction  contemplated
      hereby or discussed  herein  (including with respect to the enforcement of
      any of the Transaction  Documents),  and hereby  irrevocably  waives,  and
      agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding,  any claim that it
      is not personally  subject to the  jurisdiction of any such court, or such
      New York Courts are improper or  inconvenient  venue for such  proceeding.
      Each party  hereby  irrevocably  waives  personal  service of process  and
      consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by
      mailing a copy  thereof via  registered  or  certified  mail or  overnight
      delivery  (with  evidence  of  delivery)  to such party at the  address in
      effect for  notices to it under  this Note and  agrees  that such  service
      shall  constitute  good and  sufficient  service  of  process  and  notice
      thereof.  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
      right to serve  process in any manner  permitted by law. Each party hereto
      hereby  irrevocably  waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
      law,  any and all right to trial by jury in any legal  proceeding  arising
      out of or relating to this Note or the transactions  contemplated  hereby.
      If either  party  shall  commence an action or  proceeding  to enforce any
      provisions  of this  Note,  then the  prevailing  party in such  action or
      proceeding  shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys  fees
      and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,  preparation
      and prosecution of such action or proceeding.


                                       9
<PAGE>

            f) Waiver.  Any  waiver by the  Company or the Holder of a breach of
      any  provision  of this Note shall not operate as or be  construed to be a
      waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other
      provision of this Note. The failure of the Company or the Holder to insist
      upon strict  adherence  to any term of this Note on one or more  occasions
      shall  not be  considered  a waiver  or  deprive  that  party of the right
      thereafter to insist upon strict  adherence to that term or any other term
      of this Note. Any waiver must be in writing.

            g) Severability.  If any provision of this Note is invalid,  illegal
      or unenforceable,  the balance of this Note shall remain in effect, and if
      any  provision is  inapplicable  to any person or  circumstance,  it shall
      nevertheless remain applicable to all other persons and circumstances.  If
      it shall be found that any  interest or other amount  deemed  interest due
      hereunder violates applicable laws governing usury, the applicable rate of
      interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum
      permitted rate of interest.  The Company  covenants (to the extent that it
      may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon,  plead,  or
      in any manner  whatsoever  claim or take the benefit or advantage  of, any
      stay,  extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive
      the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest
      on this Note as contemplated herein,  wherever enacted, now or at any time
      hereafter in force,  or which may affect the covenants or the  performance
      of this  indenture,  and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so)
      hereby  expressly  waives all  benefits or  advantage of any such law, and
      covenants  that it will not, by resort to any such law,  hinder,  delay or
      impeded the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder,  but will
      suffer and permit  the  execution  of every such as though no such law has
      been enacted.

            h) Next  Business  Day.  Whenever  any  payment or other  obligation
      hereunder  shall be due on a day other than a Business  Day,  such payment
      shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

            i) Headings. The headings contained herein are for convenience only,
      do not  constitute a part of this Note and shall not be deemed to limit or
      affect any of the provisions hereof.

                              *********************


                                       10
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed
by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated.


                                          KNOBIAS, INC.


                                          /s/ E. KEY RAMSEY
                                          -----------------
                                          E. Key Ramsey, President


                                       11

