


                                  Exhibit 99.1

Press Release

Avatar  Continues  to  Gain  Traction  in the  Marketplace,  Signing  Eight  New
Contracts in the Third Quarter of 2004 Wednesday December 22, 9:00 am ET

DALLAS,  Dec. 22, 2004  (PRIMEZONE) -- Avatar  Systems,  Inc. (OTC  BB:AVSY.OB )
announced  today that the company signed eight  additional oil and gas companies
during the third quarter of 2004. In addition,  four existing customers upgraded
their systems,  purchasing  Petroware 2000 modules.  Avatar's products offer oil
and  gas  companies  advanced  solutions  for  accounting/financial  management,
production  and land  management,  oil and gas marketing,  and  electronic  data
exchange on both a licensed and ASP basis.

"Avatar is  continuing  to gain traction in the  marketplace  as software  sales
climb," said Chuck Shreve,  President of Avatar Systems.  "Strong oil prices are
providing  incentive for oil and gas companies to invest in better technology to
improve  productivity  and  streamline  efficiencies.  An  increasing  number of
customers  are  turning to our 32-bit  Windows  products  for the  features  and
functionality  to meet business  needs.  Much of our new business is a result of
customer referrals, indicating high customer satisfaction."

One existing  Avatar client  purchased  the Petroware  2000 Land Module in Q3 of
2004,  while three oil and gas companies added the Petroware 2000 Check Solution
Module to their integrated suite of products.  "Avatar has developed a number of
Petroware 2000 modules,  fulfilling oil and gas company departmental needs in an
integrated software environment," said Shreve.

According to Shreve,  sales to both new and existing  customers  are  consistent
with projections and expectations for the rest of the year remain strong.

Avatar Systems,  Inc. is based in Dallas, Texas. The company provides enterprise
resource  solutions  for  companies  engaged in the  petroleum  exploration  and
production  industry.  Avatar  has a  growing  customer  base  on its  Petroware
products,  Avatar400  IBM  AS400  product,  and  subscribers  utilizing  its ASP
services for both the Avatar400 and Petroware2000 ASP products.

The information in this news release includes certain forward-looking statements
that are based  upon  assumptions  that in the future may prove not to have been
accurate  and are  subject to  significant  risks and  uncertainties,  including
statements  to the future  financial  performance  of the Company.  Although the
Company  believes  that  the  expectations  reflected  in  its  forward  looking
statements are  reasonable,  it can give no assurance that such  expectations or
any of its  forward-looking  statements  will prove to be correct.  Factors that
could  cause  results to differ  include,  but are not  limited  to,  successful
performance of internal plans, product development and acceptance, the impact of
competitive services and pricing, or general economic risks and uncertainties.


Contact:

Investor Relations:
Jack Eversull
The Eversull Group
jack@theeversullgroup.com
972-991-1672

Source: Avatar Systems, Inc.



