

<PAGE>


                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.11

                               FLEET NATIONAL BANK


                                                   as of December 20, 2004


Quaker Fabric Corporation of Fall River
941 Grinnell Street
Fall River, Massachusetts 02721
Attention:  Mr. Paul J. Kelly

     Re: Waiver and Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement dated as of February 14, 2002 (as amended and in effect from time to
time, the "Credit Agreement"), by and among (a) Quaker Fabric Corporation of
Fall River, a Massachusetts corporation (the "Company"), Quaker Textile
Corporation, a Massachusetts corporation ("Quaker Textile") and Quaker Fabric
Mexico, S.A. de C.V., a Mexican corporation ("Quaker Mexico", and collectively
with the Company and Quaker Textile, the "Borrowers"), (b) Quaker Fabric
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Parent"), and (c) Fleet National Bank
(formerly known as The First National Bank of Boston, "Fleet"). All capitalized
terms used herein without definition that are defined in the Credit Agreement,
as amended and in effect on the date hereof, shall have the same meanings herein
as therein. All accounting terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall be
used in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

     The Borrowers and the Parent have informed Fleet that, for the fiscal
quarter ending on January 1, 2005, they anticipate that (i) the Debt Service
Coverage Ratio for the prior four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters ending on
January 1, 2005 will be less than 1.50 to 1.00 and (ii) EBIT for the prior two
(2) consecutive fiscal quarters ending on January 1, 2005 will be less than
$1.00. Each of the Borrowers and the Parent acknowledges and agrees that such
performance results will constitute Events of Default (the "Specified Defaults")
under 'SS''SS' 5.23(b) and (e), respectively, of the Credit Agreement.

     The Borrowers and the Parent have now requested, and by its signature below
Fleet agrees to grant, a limited waiver in respect of the Specified Defaults
subject to the terms and conditions provided herein. In consideration of Fleet's
agreement to waive the Specified Defaults through the period ending February 27,
2005 (the "Limited Waiver Period"), the Borrowers and the Parent agree that:





<PAGE>


          1. an Event of Default will exist on February 28, 2005 and that at
     such time Fleet will have all of it's rights and remedies as a result of
     the existence of an Event of Default under the Credit Agreement and any
     other document, instrument or agreement executed in connection therewith or
     otherwise evidencing any extensions of credit made by Fleet to the
     Borrowers;

          2. from and after the date hereof through the Maturity Date, the
     "Commitment" under and as defined in the Credit Agreement shall be reduced
     from $60,000,000 to $40,000,000, as such amount may be further reduced
     pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Agreement;

          3. except as expressly set forth herein, this letter shall not alter,
     release, discharge or otherwise affect any of their obligations under the
     Credit Agreement or otherwise under any other document, instrument or
     agreement executed in connection therewith under which such Person acts as
     a secondary obligor; and

          4. each of the Borrowers and the Parent will comply and continue to
     comply will all of the terms, covenants and provisions contained in the
     Credit Agreement.

     Fleet's agreements contained herein shall become effective the upon
satisfaction of the following conditions:

          (a) Each of the Borrowers and the Parent shall have executed and
     delivered to Fleet counterparts of this letter; and

          (b) Fleet shall have received fully executed copies of waiver
     documentation, in form and substance satisfactory to Fleet, between one or
     more of the Borrowers and the holders of the Senior Notes pursuant to which
     the holders of the Senior Notes have waived compliance with the provisions
     of the Note Agreement, the Additional Note Agreement and any other
     applicable document relating to the Senior Notes with respect to the fixed
     charge coverage requirements set forth therein, in each case for the
     duration of the Limited Waiver Period.

     This letter agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, but
all such counterparts shall together constitute but one instrument. In making
proof of this letter agreement it shall not be necessary to produce or account
for more than one counterpart signed by each party hereto by and against which
enforcement hereof is sought.

                  [Remainder of page intentionally left blank]






<PAGE>


     If the foregoing terms are acceptable to you, we request that you indicate
your agreement to these provisions by signing the counterpart of this letter
enclosed herewith and returning such counterpart to us.


                                       Very truly yours,

                                       FLEET NATIONAL BANK,
                                       (f/k/a The First National Bank of Boston)


                                       By: /s/ Christopher S. Allen
                                           ------------------------
                                           Name: Christopher S. Allen
                                           Title: S.V.P.


ACCEPTED AND AGREED
as of December 20, 2004

QUAKER FABRIC CORPORATION OF FALL RIVER


By: /s/ Paul J. Kelly
   ---------------------------------
        Name:  Paul J. Kelly
        Title: Vice President Finance & CFO


QUAKER TEXTILE CORPORATION


By: /s/ Paul J. Kelly
   ---------------------------------
        Name:  Paul J. Kelly
        Title: Vice President Finance & CFO


QUAKER FABRIC MEXICO, S.A. de C.V.


By: /s/ Paul J. Kelly
   ---------------------------------
        Name:  Paul J. Kelly
        Title: Vice President Finance & CFO


QUAKER FABRIC CORPORATION


By: /s/ Paul J. Kelly
   ---------------------------------
        Name:  Paul J. Kelly
        Title: Vice President Finance & CFO




