
<PAGE>



                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1

    CASH SYSTEMS, INC. APPOINTS MICHAEL D. RUMBOLZ TO CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

MINNEAPOLIS, December 23, 2004 - Cash Systems, Inc. (Amex: CKN), a provider of
cash access solutions for the gaming industry, today announced the appointment
of Michael D. Rumbolz to Chief Executive Officer, effective January 1, 2005.
Craig Potts, who resigned as President and CEO effective January 1, 2005, will
continue as a part-time employee focusing on sales and business development
opportunities.

"Mike is a very experienced executive that the Board and I are confident will
help the Company as it scales-up its operations, drives additional technological
improvements and better serves our rapidly growing customer base," commented
Craig Potts.

Michael D. Rumbolz stated, "This is a dynamic and innovative company with strong
customer relationships and significant growth opportunities. I look forward to
leading Cash Systems through this very exciting time in the cash access
industry."

Michael D. Rumbolz has over 20 years of experience in the gaming industry. Mr.
Rumbolz is the former Vice Chairman and board member of Casino Data Systems,
prior to its acquisition by Aristocrat. He also served as the President and
Chief Executive Officer of Anchor Gaming, from 1995-2000. Prior to joining
Anchor, Mr. Rumbolz was Director of Corporate Development for Circus Circus
Enterprises Inc., including serving as the first president of and managing
director of Windsor Casino Limited, a consortium company owned by Hilton Hotel
Corp., Circus Circus Enterprises Inc. and Caesars World. Mr. Rumbolz also held
various executive positions with Trump Hotels & Casino Resorts.

Mr. Rumbolz received his bachelor's degree in political science with honors from
the University of Nevada -- Las Vegas. After earning his law degree from the
University of Southern California, Gould School of Law, he was in private law
practice for several years. He was appointed Chief Deputy Attorney General for
Nevada in 1983. He was also the senior attorney for the Nevada gaming regulatory
system. His activities included providing legal advice to all divisions of the
State Gaming Control Board and Nevada Gaming Commission. In 1985, he was
appointed by the Governor of Nevada to the Nevada State Gaming Control Board as
a member. He then served as Chairman of the Nevada Gaming Control Board and
Executive Director for the agency from June 1987 through December 1988.

ABOUT CASH SYSTEMS, INC.
Cash Systems, Inc., located in Minneapolis and Las Vegas, is a provider of cash
access and related services to the retail and gaming industries. Cash Systems'
products include its proprietary cash advance systems, ATMs and check cashing
solutions. Please visit http://www.cashsystemsinc.com for more information.

This press release may contain forward-looking statements, including the
Company's beliefs about its business prospects and future results of operations.
These statements involve risks and uncertainties. Among the important additional
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
forward-looking statements are risks associated with the overall economic
environment, the successful execution of the Company's plan of operation,
changes in the Company's anticipated earnings, continuation of current
contracts, gaming and other applicable regulations, and other factors detailed
in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including
its most recent Forms 10-KSB and 10-QSB. In addition, the factors underlying
Company forecasts are dynamic and subject to change and therefore those
forecasts speak only as of the date they are given. The Company does not
undertake to update any forecasts that it may make available to the investing
public.

Contacts:
Don Duffy/Ashley Ammon
Integrated Corporate Relations
203-682-8200






