
<PAGE>



                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.2

                CASH SYSTEMS, INC. ANNOUNCES AFFILIATE STOCK SALE

MINNEAPOLIS, December 23, 2004 - Cash Systems, Inc. (Amex: CKN), a provider of
cash access solutions for the gaming industry, today announced that Craig Potts,
Chief Executive Officer of Cash Systems, and his spouse have entered into a
definitive agreement to sell 6.6 million shares of common stock via a private
offering to institutional and other qualified investors at a price of $6.42 per
share. The company did not receive any proceeds from this transaction.

ABOUT CASH SYSTEMS, INC.
Cash Systems, Inc., located in Minneapolis and Las Vegas, is a provider of cash
access and related services to the retail and gaming industries. Cash Systems'
products include its proprietary cash advance systems, ATMs and check cashing
solutions. Please visit http://www.cashsystemsinc.com for more information.

This press release may contain forward-looking statements, including the
Company's beliefs about its business prospects and future results of operations.
These statements involve risks and uncertainties. Among the important additional
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
forward-looking statements are risks associated with the overall economic
environment, the successful execution of the Company's plan of operation,
changes in the Company's anticipated earnings, continuation of current
contracts, gaming and other applicable regulations, and other factors detailed
in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including
its most recent Forms 10-KSB and 10-QSB. In addition, the factors underlying
Company forecasts are dynamic and subject to change and therefore those
forecasts speak only as of the date they are given. The Company does not
undertake to update any forecasts that it may make available to the investing
public.

Contacts:
Don Duffy/Ashley Ammon
Integrated Corporate Relations
203-682-8200




