


                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant  to  Section  13  or  15(d)  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934

      Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): December 28, 2004

                          HAIRMAX INTERNATIONAL, INC.
                          ---------------------------
               (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

                                     Nevada
                                     ------
                 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

                                    000-30212
                                    ---------
                            (Commission File Number)

                                   13-3422912
                                   ----------
                      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

              9900 W Sample Rd, Ste 300, Coral Springs, FL  33065
              -----------------------------------------------------
             (Address of Principal Executive Offices)     (Zip Code)

                                 (954) 825-0299
                                  -------------
              (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

     This  Current Report on Form 8-K is filed by Hairmax International, Inc., a
Nevada  corporation  (the  "Registrant"), in connection with the items set forth
below.

ITEM  1.01  Entry  Into  A  Material  Definitive  Agreement

     As  of  December  28,  2004, the Registrant entered into a Plan of Exchange
(the "Agreement"), between and among the Registrant, Arcotect Digital Technology
Limited,  a  corporation  organized and existing under the laws of the Hong Kong
SAR of the Peoples' Republic of China ("Arcotect"), the shareholders of Arcotect
(the  "Arcotect  Shareholders") and the Majority Shareholders of the Registrant.

     Pursuant  to  the  terms of the Agreement, the parties have agreed that the
closing  will  occur in two stages, as follows: (i) the Majority Shareholders of
the  Registrant  will  transfer  to the Arcotect Shareholders an amount equal to
2,850,000  shares  of the Registrant's Series A Convertible Preferred Stock that
is  convertible,  at  the option of the holder of each share, into 200 shares of
common  stock of the Registrant, and the Majority Shareholders of the Registrant
will agree to transfer to an investor designated by the Arcotect Shareholders an
amount  equal  to  1,750,000 shares of common stock of the Registrant, in return
for the total cash payment of $400,000 and (ii) the Registrant will issue to the
Arcotect  Shareholders  an  amount equal to 20,000,000 shares of common stock of
the Registrant in exchange for all of their shares of capital stock of Arcotect.
Upon  completion of the exchange, Arcotect will become a wholly-owned subsidiary
of  the  Registrant.  An  executed  copy  of the Agreement is attached hereto as
Exhibit  10.

     The first stage of the Plan of Exchange was consummated on the date hereof,
and the Majority Shareholders of the Registrant, for a payment of $400,000, have
transferred  to  the  Arcotect  Shareholders  2,850,000  shares  of  Series  A
Convertible  Preferred  Stock  and  have agreed to transfer to an investor to be
designated  by  Arcotect  an amount equal to 1,750,000 shares of common stock of
the Registrant. When the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are converted into
shares  of  common  stock  they  represent  570,000,000  common  shares  out  of
572,069,210  issued  and  outstanding  shares,  or  99.6%  of  the  Registrant's
outstanding  shares.  In  connection with these calculations, it is important to
note  that  the figures are presented on a post-reverse stock split basis, which
takes  into  account  the  Registrant's  100:1  reverse  stock  split  that  was
authorized  by  the  Board  of  Directors  and  the Majority Shareholders of the
Registrant  on  November  22,  2004.  This  reverse  stock split, which does not
affect  the  Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, will become effective as soon
as  practicable after the expiration of the twenty-day waiting period under Rule
14c-2,  which  expires  on  January  7,  2004.

     The  Registrant  intends  to  consummate  the  second  stage of the Plan of
Exchange  after  a  Form  N-54C  is  filed  with  the Commission withdrawing its
election  to be regulated as a Business Development Company under the Investment
Company  Act  of  1940, as amended.  When the Registrant is no longer a Business
Development Company, the Registrant will issue 20,000,000 shares of common stock
to  the  Arcotect  Shareholders in exchange for their shares of capital stock of
Arcotect.  Such  an  exchange  transaction  will  cause  Arcotect  to  become  a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant.  This two stage transaction structure
is  required  because Arcotect is not an "eligible portfolio company" within the
meaning  of  Section  2(a)(46)  of the Investment Company Act of 1940, and, as a
result,  it would not be an appropriate acquisition candidate for the Registrant
while  the  Registrant  is a Business Development Company, as defined in Section
2(a)(48)  of  the  Investment  Company  Act.

     As  a  legal  matter,  the  exchange transaction will become effective when
Articles of Exchange are filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada pursuant to
NRS  Section  92A-200.

     As part of the transaction, the Registrant intends to dispose of all of its
assets  and  liabilities  as  promptly as practicable following the Closing.  In
this  regard,  the  Majority  Shareholders  of  the  Registrant  have  agreed to
indemnify and hold harmless the Arcotect Shareholders and the Registrant against
any  and all losses, claims, liabilities or expenses that may be associated with
disposing  of  any assets and liabilities of the Registrant that exist as of the
Closing.  The Majority Shareholders of the Registrant have expressed an interest
in  purchasing  all  of  the  assets  and assuming all of the liabilities of the
Registrant  after the closing, although there has been no agreement reached with
respect  to  such  matters.

     The execution of the Agreement will have several important consequences for
the  Registrant.  First,  the Arcotect Shareholders anticipate filing a Schedule
14F-1  with  the Commission as promptly as practicable, and ten days thereafter,
effecting  a change in the majority of directors of the Registrant. The names of
the  director  candidates,  their  security  holdings  and  other  background
information required by Rule 14f-1 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act
of  1934,  as  amended,  will be disclosed in such Schedule 14F-1 filing. At the
expiration  of  said  ten  day  waiting period, the Majority Shareholders of the
Registrant  and  the  other officers plan to resign or be terminated and the new
directors  will be installed by the Arcotect Shareholders. Second, in connection
with  the transfer of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and the agreement
to  transfer  the  common stock as described above, the Majority Shareholders of
the  Registrant  will  receive  a  payment  of  $400,000  in  cash.

     Third,  the  Registrant  will  file  a preliminary Information Statement on
Schedule  14C  pursuant to Section 14(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as  amended,  with  the  Commission  in  connection with a proposal to amend its
articles  of  incorporation  to  change  the name of the Registrant from Hairmax
International,  Inc. to such name as may be designated by Arcotect. The Arcotect
Shareholders intend to take action without a meeting by written consent in order
to  authorize  this  corporate action. The proposal will not be effective before
the mailing or delivery of a definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C to
shareholders  at least 20 days prior to the date on which the action is proposed
to  take  effect.

     The  Registrant  currently  has  issued and outstanding 2,069,210 shares of
common  stock that trade on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board under the symbol
"HRMX".


CONSUMMATION  OF THE THIS FIRST STAGE OF THE EXCHANGE TRANSACTION WILL RESULT IN
A  CHANGE  OF  CONTROL  OF  THE  REGISTRANT.


                                   SIGNATURES


Pursuant  to  the  requirements  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934, the
registrant  has  duly  caused  this  report  to  be  signed on its behalf by the
undersigned  hereunto  duly  authorized.

HAIRMAX  INTERNATIONAL,  INC.


By:     /s/  Edward  A.  Roth
        ---------------------
        Edward  A.  Roth
        President

Dated:  December  28,  2004



                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit
Number      Description
- ------      -----------

10          Plan  of  Exchange,  dated  December  28,  2004




