
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1

                     E.DIGITAL CORPORATION EXPECTS BUSINESS
                     GROWTH IN FINAL QUARTERS OF FISCAL 2005


PROPRIETARY VIDEO/AUDIO TECHNOLOGY PLATFORM FUELING BUSINESS EXPANSION

(SAN DIEGO, CA, DECEMBER 22, 2004) - E.DIGITAL CORPORATION (OTC: EDIG), a
leading innovator of proprietary digital technology platforms, today announced
it expects revenues and advance payments, on purchase orders for products
scheduled to ship next quarter, of over $2.2 million for the quarter ending
December 31, 2004 with further business growth expected in the fourth quarter
ending March 31, 2005.

"Our business and revenue growth is expected to be fueled primarily by
customer-branded devices based on our proprietary video/audio technology
platform," commented Atul Anandpura, president and chief executive officer of
e.Digital. "In particular, through APS/Wencor's digEplayer(TM), the in-flight
entertainment (IFE) industry is gaining an increasing appreciation for the
outstanding picture and audio quality of our platform along with its long
battery life and ease of use."

Earlier this month, the chief executive officer of Europe's No. 1 low fares
airline, Ryanair, revealed it had experienced ten times the demand it expected
for its trial of the digEplayer, identifying it as a potentially lucrative
source of revenue for Ryanair and other low-fare carriers
(www.shephard.co.uk/inflight).

Anandpura continued, "Beyond the IFE industry, our video/audio technology
platform has brought us new business opportunities from industries and companies
where our platform's features enable their product plans."

"By continuing to expand the capabilities of our patented MicroOS(TM), e.Digital
is at the forefront of innovatinG and integrating the latest technology into
business and entertainment devices. While we are proud of our early pioneering
efforts, the majority of our business growth is expected to come through
successful partnering with companies who share our vision of enabling large
business and consumer markets with user-friendly devices that are either
pre-loaded with, or can easily and quickly access, secure content through new
high-speed downloading protocols, with our patent-pending hardware encryption
protecting the content."

Concluded Anandpura, "This past year, we positioned our engineering resources,
technology platforms and business opportunities for revenue and margin growth.
In 2005, we expect increasing orders from customers in the travel and leisure
industry. We also expect to announce new customers for next-generation versions
of our video/audio technology platform from both inside and outside of the
travel and leisure industry. At the upcoming Consumer Electronics Show (January
6 - 9, 2005), the next generation of our video/audio technology platform is
scheduled to be unveiled in private meetings by e.Digital and by a large
unannounced Asian customer. Both companies are scheduled to hold meetings with
certain current and prospective customers. We expect significant business from
this latest version of our platform will be announced within the next two
quarters. Because of this and other new business developments, we are hiring
additional engineering resources to meet increasing business demand. We look
forward to releasing further business updates with revenue guidance, and
announcing new business developments next quarter and throughout the coming
year."

ABOUT E.DIGITAL CORPORATION: e.Digital Corporation partners with leading,
innovative companies, designing and providing manufacturing services for their
branded digital video, digital audio and wireless products based on the
Company's proprietary MicroOS(TM)-enabled technology platforms. e.Digital
specializes in the delivery and management of open and secure digital content
through it's Personal Video, Personal Audio, Automotive, and Wireless technology
platforms. e.Digital's services include the licensing of the Company's
MicroOS(TM), custom software and hardware development, industrial design, and
manufacturing services through the Company's manufacturing partners. For more
information about e.Digital and its technology platforms, please visit the
company website at www.edigital.com.


<PAGE>

SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM OF 1995:
All statements made in this document, other than statements of historical fact,
are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on the
then-current expectations, beliefs, assumptions, estimates and forecasts about
the businesses of the Company and the industries and markets in which the
company operates. Those statements are not guarantees of future performance and
involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that will be difficult to predict.
Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is
expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. More information about
potential factors that could affect the Company can be found in its most recent
Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other reports and statements filed by e.Digital
Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). e.Digital
Corporation disclaims any intent or obligation to update those forward-looking
statements, except as otherwise specifically stated by it.

CONTACT:
E.DIGITAL CORPORATION: Robert Putnam, (858) 679-1504, rputnam@edigital.com



