-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 KyKRngZjzrI66BBhxf7BW6nS6DwAb+4vpZ3M0dh6DikC719GBGP5rOCSfZ4hSiM2
 aFNTukmok7TckN0vCHqOSw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001172665-04-000554.txt : 20041222
<SEC-HEADER>0001172665-04-000554.hdr.sgml : 20041222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041222143341
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001172665-04-000554
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041221
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ICOA INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000745084
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				870403239
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32513
		FILM NUMBER:		041220362

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 AIRPORT RD
		CITY:			WARWICK
		STATE:			RI
		ZIP:			02889
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4017399205

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 AIRPORT RD
		CITY:			WARWICK
		STATE:			RI
		ZIP:			02889

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ICOA INC /PA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001117

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	QUINTONIX INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870403
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ITEMS 2.01 & 9.01
<TEXT>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                               ------------------

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT

                     PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) of the
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                               ------------------

       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 18, 2003
                                                         -----------------

                                   ICOA, Inc.
               (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

          Nevada                       0-32513                 87-0403239
          ------                       -------                 ----------
(State or other jurisdiction         (Commission             (IRS Employer
    of incorporation)                File Number)          Identification No.)

           111 Airport Road, Warwick, Rhode Island              02889
           ---------------------------------------              -----
          (Address of principal executive offices)            (Zip code)

                      (401) 352-2300
      --------------------------------------------------
      Registrant's telephone number, including area code


                                 Not Applicable
          -------------------------------------------------------------
          (Former Name or Former Address, If Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

[ ]      Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
         (17 CFR 230.425)

[ ]      Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act
         (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

[ ]      Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
         Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ]      Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
         Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))





<PAGE>

ITEM 2.01.  ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS

         In December 2003, ICOA, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"),
acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Airport
Network Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation pursuant to the issuance of a
convertible promissory note in the principal amount equal to $200,000. Airport
Network Solutions designs and manages Wi-Fi solutions for the airport industry.
The note accrues interest at an annual rate equal of five percent (5%). The note
is due and payable on December 18, 2005. At any time prior to the maturity date
of the note, provided the Company has sufficient authorized shares of common
stock available, the note is convertible at the option of the holder into such
number of shares of common stock that is obtained by dividing the sum of the
outstanding principal balance of the note by $0.01. All accrued and unpaid
interest on the note is payable in cash at the time of conversion of the Note.
The Company's prior disclosure in its public filings was not accurate with
respect o the payment details of this transaction. Even if the Company does not
receive shareholder approval to increase its authorized shares of common stock,
this acquisition cannot be unwound by any of the parties to the transaction.

         In August 2004, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of AuthDirect, Inc., a California corporation pursuant
to (i) the issuance of 1,500,000 shares of common stock of the Company, (ii)
$170,000 in cash and notes, and (iii) warrants to purchase 1,500,000 shares of
common stock. AuthDirect provides back-office settlement services and network
monitoring for Wi-Fi providers. The Company's prior disclosure in its public
filings was not accurate with respect to the payment terms of this transaction.
The Company has issued all shares and warrants, and paid all cash amounts,
required in this transaction. This acquisition cannot be unwound by any of the
parties to this transaction.


ITEM 9.01.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

         (a)      Financial Statements

         Not applicable.

         (b)      Pro Forma Financial Information

         Not applicable.

         (c)      Exhibits

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Exhibit             Description                                                           Location

<S>                                                             <C> <C>
16.1                Convertible Promissory Note, dated December 18, 2003 in the           Provided herewith
                    principal amount of $200,000 issued by ICOA, Inc.

16.2                Stock Purchase Agreement, dated September 8, 2004, by and among       Provided herewith
                    ICOA, Inc., AuthDirect, Inc. and the shareholders of AuthDirect,
                    Inc.

16.3                Consulting Agreement, dated September 8, 2004, by and among ICOA,     Provided herewith
                    Inc., and Kevin Quaintance.

16.4                Consulting Agreement, dated September 8, 2004, by and among ICOA,     Provided herewith
                    Inc., and Joel Stalder

16.5                Form of Warrant, dated September 8, 2004, by and among ICOA, Inc.     Provided herewith
                    and the shareholders of AuthDirect, Inc.

</TABLE>

                                       2

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                   ICOA, INC.

Date:    December 21, 2004                            By:
                                                          --------------------
                                                    Name: Erwin Vahlsing, Jr.
                                                     Its: Chief Financial
                                                          Officer and Director





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-16.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex161.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE
<TEXT>

THIS NOTE AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON ITS CONVERSION HAVE NOT BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "ACT"), OR ANY
STATE SECURITIES LAW, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT OR IN A TRANSACTION WHICH, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL
REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, QUALIFIES AS AN EXEMPT TRANSACTION UNDER
THE ACT AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED THEREUNDER.

                      ------------------------------------

                           CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE


$200,000                                                     December 23, 2003


1. Obligations

     (a) The undersigned,  ICOA, Inc., a Nevada corporation having an address at
111 Airport Rd., Warwick,  RI 02919 (the "Company"),  has agreed to acquire 100%
of the outstanding shares of Airport Network Solutions,  Inc. (ANS) for the cash
sum of Two Hundred  Thousand  ($200,000).  The Company hereby promises to pay to
the Shareholders of ANS, as identified in Schedule A attached  hereto,  together
with their successors,  representatives and permitted assigns (the "Holder"), in
accordance  with the terms  hereinafter  provided,  the principal  amount of Two
Hundred  Thousand  Dollars  ($200,000) in the aggregate,  together with interest
thereon as set forth herein, on December 18, 2005, (the "Maturity Date"), at the
Holder's  address as set forth in  Schedule A, or such other place as the Holder
shall specify in writing.

     (b) The outstanding principal balance of this Note shall bear interest at a
rate per annum equal to Five  percent  (5%) from the date which is one year from
the date hereof until paid in full, unless earlier converted as provided herein.
Interest  shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve (12) 30-day
months.

     (c) All  payments  received  from the Company  hereunder  shall be applied,
first,  to the  payment of expenses  and fees due to the Holder  pursuant to the
terms of this Note;  second,  to the payment of  interest  accrued and unpaid on
this Note; and third, to reduce the principal balance hereunder.

     (d) The  Company  shall not be  entitled  to prepay  the  unpaid  principal
balance hereof, in whole or in part, except by written consent of the Holder.

2. Conversion at the Option of the Holder At any time and from time to time
prior to the Maturity Date, at such time as the Company shall have authorized a
sufficient number of shares of Common Stock to effect the forgoing (the
"Conversion Shares"), this Note shall be convertible (in whole or in part), at

                                       1

<PAGE>

the option of the Holder by prior written notice to the Company, into such
number of fully-paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock that shall be
obtained by dividing the sum of the outstanding principal amount to be
converted, by the $0.01 per share. Accrued, but unpaid interest at the time of
conversion shall be paid in cash. Upon such conversion, this Note and the
obligations evidenced thereby shall be cancelled and shall be of no further
force and effect. If at any time the Holder shall convert less than the full
value of this Convertible Promissory Note, the Company shall re-issue the note
for the then remaining value.

3. Expenses.

         The Company agrees to pay to the Holder all reasonable expenses
incurred by the Holder, including reasonable attorneys' fees, in enforcing and
collecting this Note.

4. Events of Default.

         Each of the following events shall constitute a default under this Note
(each an "Event of Default"): (a) any default shall occur in the payment of any
amount payable under this Note, (b) any proceedings are instituted in a court of
competent jurisdiction for the reorganization, liquidation, or dissolution of
the Company or for its adjudication as a bankrupt or insolvent and if instituted
by a third party, such proceedings are not dismissed, discharged or stayed
within sixty (60) days from the date such proceedings are instituted; (c) the
Company makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors; (d) a receiver,
liquidator, assignee, trustee or custodian is appointed to administer the
affairs of the Company; or (e) the Company dissolves, liquidates or winds-up its
business and operations.

         Upon the occurrence and at any time during the continuance of any Event
of Default, the Holder shall be entitled to (a) declare this Note, and any and
all principal, interest and other amounts due under this Note to be immediately
due and payable, and (b) exercise or otherwise enforce any one or more of the
Holder's rights, powers, privileges, remedies and interests under this Note or
applicable law.

7. Holder's Representations. By its acceptance of this Note, Holder confirms the
following to the Company:

     (a) All subsequent  offers and sales of the Conversion Shares shall be made
pursuant to an effective  registration  statement  under the  Securities  Act of
1933,  as  amended,  and  applicable  state  securities  laws or  pursuant to an
applicable exemption from such registration.

     (b) Holder: (i) has been provided with sufficient  information with respect
to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries and such documents  relating
to the Company and its  subsidiaries as such Holder has requested and Holder has
carefully  reviewed  the  same,  and (ii) has had  access to  management  of the
Company and the opportunity to discuss the information provided by management of
the Company and any  questions  that Holder had with  respect  thereto have been
answered to the full satisfaction of Holder.

                                       2

<PAGE>

8. Note Obligations Binding; No Waiver.

         This Note is binding on the Company and its respective successors and
assigns, and the Company hereby waives presentment, demand, notice and protest
and any defense by reason of an extension of time for payment or other
indulgences. Failure of the Holder to assert any right herein shall not be
deemed to be a waiver thereof.

9. Governing Law.

         This Note shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance
with the laws of the State of Rhode Island, without giving effect to principles
of conflicts of law thereof.

10.      Amendment; Severability.

         This Note may not be modified, amended or waived except in writing
signed by the Holder.



                                           ICOA, INC.


                                              By:  /s/ Erwin Vahlsing, Jr.
                                            Name:  Erwin Vahlsing, Jr.
                                           Title:  CFO






















                                       3

<PAGE>

                                   Schedule A
                 Airport Network Solutions, Inc. - Shareholders




Richard Schiffmann                                            50.97%
113 Hoffmann Ave.
San Francisco, CA  94114

Pamela Brown                                                  44.61%
4615 NE Alameda St
Portland, OR  97213

Kim Staskus                                                     4.43%
113 Hoffmann Ave.
San Francisco, CA  94114




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-16.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex162.txt
<DESCRIPTION>STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                            STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT


                  AGREEMENT made September 8, 2004, by and between ICOA, Inc., a
Nevada corporation ("Buyer"), AuthDirect, Inc., a California corporation (the
"Company"), and the Selling Stockholders listed on the signature page hereto as
the "Selling Stockholders").

                  WHEREAS, the Selling Stockholders are the owners of 100% of
the capital stock of the Company; and
                  WHEREAS, Buyer desires to purchase, and the Selling
Stockholders desire to sell, all of the Shares held by the Selling Stockholders;
and

                  WHEREAS, the Company has outstanding indebtedness to two of
the Selling Stockholders (the "Promissory Notes"), which Buyer and Selling
Stockholders desire to eliminate from the Company's balance sheet concurrent
with the purchase and sale of the Company Shares (as defined below).


                  NOW, THEREFORE, it is hereby mutually agreed as follows:

         1. Sale and Purchase of Shares. Subject to the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement, at the Closing, as hereinafter defined, the Selling
Stockholders shall sell to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase from the Selling
Stockholders, all of the outstanding shares of Company (the "Company Shares").
At the Closing, the Selling Stockholders shall deliver the certificates
representing the Company Shares, duly endorsed for transfer to the Company, free
and clear of any liens, claims and encumbrances.

         2. Purchase Price and Payments on Promissory Notes.

         (a) The Purchase Price for the Company Shares is as follows:

         (1) a cash total of $170,000, of which $10,000.00 has been previously
paid as a non-refundable deposit and $30,000 has been previously paid as a good
faith payment, and the balance which shall be paid as follows, by Seller check
payable as designated by the Selling Stockholders, to be divided among the
Selling Stockholders as set forth on Schedule 2a)


                    $ 30,000     which shall be paid on the Closing Date,

                    $ 50,000.00  which shall be paid on the date forty-five (45)
                                 days after the Closing Date, and

                                      -1-

<PAGE>

                    $ 50,000.00  which shall be paid on the date ninety (90)
                                 days after the Closing Date; and

         (2) 1,500,000 shares of ICOA, Inc. Common Stock, par value $.0001 per
share (the "ICOA Common Stock") subject to required SEC regulations, said ICOA
Common Stock to be delivered as of, when and conditioned upon the authorization
by the shareholders of Buyer of an increase in the authorized shares of Common
Stock, and said shares of ICOA Common Stock to be divided among the Selling
Stockholders as set forth on Schedule 2(a); provided however, that at the option
of the ICOA, up to 80% of said shares may be in the form of shares of ICOA, Inc.
Preferred Stock, said Preferred Stock to be convertible into shares of ICOA
Common Stock in such form and under such terms, conditions, rights and
restrictions as the Seller shall determine; and

         (3) Warrants to purchase an aggregate 1,500,000 shares of ICOA Stock at
an exercise price of $.05 per share, exercisable for three years from the date
said Warrants become exercisable, subject to required SEC regulations. Said
Warrants are to be delivered at Closing, but exercisability of the Warrants will
be delayed until the date ten business days following the date of the
authorization by the shareholders of Buyer of an increase in the authorized
shares of Common Stock, but in no event later than the date nine months from the
date of this Agreement; and said Warrants shall be divided among the Selling
Stockholders as set forth on Schedule 2(a).

         (b) $80,000 in Promissory Notes to be assumed by Buyer at the Closing
and to be paid as described on Schedule 2(b).

         3. The Closing. (a) The Closing shall be held at the offices of Francis
D. Parisi, Esq., 202 Broadway, Providence, RI, 02903 at 10:00 am on the date 10
business days after all of Buyer's Conditions to Closing as set forth in Section
5 hereof have been satisfied or such other date and time as may be agreed upon
by the parties in writing (the "Closing Date").

         (b) Between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, the
parties agree that the business of the Company shall be conducted only in the
ordinary course, except that the signatories on the Company's bank accounts
shall be changed such that each check written by the Company over $1,000.00
shall require the signature of a representative of Buyer and a representative of
the Selling Stockholders. The Selling Stockholders and the Company shall use
their best efforts between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date to
preserve the Company's business organization, to keep available the services of
the Company's present officers and employees, and to preserve the good will of
the Company's suppliers, customers and others having business relations with it.
The Selling Stockholders and the Company shall afford to Buyer and its
authorized representatives full access during normal business hours to all
properties, books, records, contracts and documents of the Company and a full
opportunity to make such reasonable investigations as they shall desire to make
of the Company, and the Selling Stockholders and the Company shall furnish or
cause to be furnished to Buyer and its authorized representatives all such
information with respect to the affairs and businesses of the Company as Buyer
may reasonably request.

                                      -2-

<PAGE>

         (c) At the Closing, in addition to any other instruments or documents
referred to herein:

                  (i) The Selling Stockholders shall deliver to Buyer, free and
clear of any lien, claim or encumbrance, certificates representing the Company
Shares, duly endorsed in blank or with duly executed stock powers attached; and

                  (ii) Each of the Selling Stockholders shall deliver to Buyer a
Subscription Agreement in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (the
"Subscription Agreement"); and

                  (iii) Buyer shall deliver a Warrant Agreement to each of the
Selling Stockholders in the form of Exhibit B (the "Warrant Agreement"); and

                  (iv) Buyer and each of Joel Stalder ("Stalder") and Kevin
Quaintance ("Quaintance") shall enter into a Consulting and Non-Competition
Agreement in the form of Exhibit C hereto (the "Consulting Agreement"); and

                  (v) The Selling Stockholders shall deliver an Opinion of
Counsel in the form of Exhibit D hereto; and

                  (vi) Buyer shall deliver the cash portion of the Purchase
Price as directed herein payable on the Closing Date, and Buyer shall pay the
Promissory Notes as directed herein.


         4.A Representations and Warranties of Stalder and Quaintance. Stalder
and Quaintance, each individually, jointly and severally represent and warrant
to Buyer as follows:

     (a) Existence; Good Standing; Corporate Authority; Compliance With Law. The
Company  is a  corporation  duly  incorporated,  validly  existing  and in  good
standing under the laws of its  jurisdiction  of  incorporation.  The Company is
duly  licensed or  qualified to do business as a foreign  corporation  and is in
good standing under the laws of all other  jurisdictions  in which the character
of the properties  owned or leased by it therein or in which the  transaction of
its business makes such qualification necessary. The states in which the Company
is licensed or qualified to do business as a foreign  corporation  are listed on
Schedule  4(a)  hereof.  The  Company  has all  requisite  corporate  power  and
authority to own its properties and carry on its business as now conducted.  The
Company is not in default with  respect to any order of any court,  governmental
authority or arbitration board or tribunal to which the Company is a party or is
subject,  and  the  Company  is  not  in  violation  of  any  laws,  ordinances,
governmental  rules or  regulations  to which it is  subject.  The  Company  has
obtained  all  licenses,  permits  and  other  authorizations  and has taken all
actions  required by applicable laws or  governmental  regulations in connection
with its business as now conducted.

                                      -3-

<PAGE>

     (b) Validity and Effect of Agreements. This Agreement constitutes,  and all
agreements  and  documents  contemplated  hereby  when  executed  and  delivered
pursuant hereto will  constitute,  the valid and legally binding  obligations of
the Selling  Stockholders  and the Company  enforceable in accordance with their
terms.   The  execution  and  delivery  of  this  Agreement  does  not  and  the
consummation of the  transactions  contemplated  hereby will not (i) require the
consent of any third  party,  (ii) result in the breach of any term or provision
of, or constitute a default under,  or result in the  acceleration of or entitle
any party to accelerate (whether after the giving of notice or the lapse of time
or both) any  obligation  under,  or result in the creation or imposition of any
lien,  charge,  pledge,  security interest or other encumbrance upon any part of
the property of the Company  pursuant to any provision of, any order,  judgment,
arbitration award,  injunction,  decree,  indenture,  mortgage,  lease, license,
lien, or other agreement or instrument to which the Selling  Stockholders or the
Company  are a party or by which any of them is bound,  or violate  or  conflict
with any provision of the Bylaws or Articles of  Incorporation of the Company as
amended to the date of this Agreement.

     (c)  Capitalization.  The Company has authorized capital stock as set forth
on  Schedule  4(c) of which those  shares  indicated  on said  Schedule 4 (c) as
outstanding and no more are presently issued and outstanding.  Except for rights
granted pursuant to this Agreement,  there are no outstanding rights,  warrants,
options,  subscriptions,  agreements or  commitments  giving anyone any right to
require the Company to sell or issue,  or the Selling  Stockholders to sell, any
capital  stock or other  securities.  Except as set forth on  Schedule  4(c) the
Company  has no  subsidiaries  and does not own nor or  holds of  record  and/or
beneficially any shares of any class in the capital of any other  corporation or
entity,  and  does  not  own  any  legal  and/or  beneficial  interests  in  any
partnerships,  business trusts or joint ventures or in any other  unincorporated
trade or business enterprises.

     (d) Records.  The corporate  minute books of the Company to be delivered to
Buyer at the Closing Date shall contain true and complete copies of the Articles
of  Incorporation,  as amended to the Closing  Date,  Bylaws,  as amended to the
Closing Date, and the minutes of all meetings of directors and  shareholders and
certificates  reflecting  all actions  taken by the  directors  or  shareholders
without a meeting,  from the date of incorporation of the Company to the Closing
Date.

     (e) Officers and  Directors;  Bank  Accounts;  Insurance.  The officers and
directors of the Company are as set forth in Schedule  4(e).  Schedule 4(e) also
sets forth (i) the name of each bank,  savings  institution or other person with
which  the  Company  has an  account  or safe  deposit  box and  the  names  and
identification  of all  persons  authorized  to drawn  thereon or to have access
thereto,  (ii) a list of all insurance  policies owned by the Company,  together
with a  brief  statement  of the  coverage  thereof.  All of  such  policies  of
insurance  are  maintained  with  financially  sound  and  reputable   insurance
companies,  funds or underwriters  and are of the kinds and cover such risks and

                                      -4-

<PAGE>

are in such amounts and with such  deductibles  and exclusions as are consistent
with  prudent  business  practice.  All such  policies (a) are in full force and
effect  and  (b)  are   sufficient  for  compliance  by  the  Company  with  all
requirements  of law and all  agreements  to which the  Company is a party.  The
Companies  is not in  default  in  any  material  respect  with  respect  to its
obligations  under  any of such  insurance  policies  and has not  received  any
notification of cancellation of any such insurance policies.

     (f) Financial Statements.  The unaudited balance sheet and notes thereto of
the Company as of December  31, 2003  (hereinafter  referred to as the "Year End
Balance Sheet") and the unaudited balance sheet and notes thereto of the Company
as of July  31,  2004  (hereinafter  referred  to as the  "Most  Recent  Balance
Sheet"), the unaudited statement of operations of the Company for the year ended
December  31,  2003  (hereinafter   referred  to  as  the  "Year  End  Financial
Statement")  and the  unaudited  statement of  operations of the Company for the
three and six months ended June 30, 2003  (hereinafter  referred to as the "Most
Recent Financial Statement") (collectively the "Financial Statements") fully and
fairly  set  forth  the  financial  condition  of the  Company  as of the  dates
indicated,  and the  results of its  operations  for the periods  indicated,  in
accordance with generally accepted accounting  principles  consistently applied,
except as otherwise stated therein.

     (g)  Undisclosed  Liabilities.  Except as described on Schedule  4(g),  the
Company has no liabilities or obligations whatsoever,  either accrued, absolute,
contingent  or  otherwise,  which  are  not  reflected  or  provided  for in the
Financial  Statements except (i) those arising after the date of the Most Recent
Balance  Sheet which are in the  ordinary  course of  business,  in each case in
normal amounts and none of which is materially adverse;  and (ii) which shall be
disclosed to Buyer at Closing.

     (h) Absence of Certain  Changes or Events Since the Date of the Most Recent
Balance Sheet.  Except as described on Schedule 4(h), since the date of the Most
Recent Balance Sheet, the Company has not:

         (i) incurred any obligation or liability (fixed or contingent), except
         normal trade or business obligations incurred in the ordinary course of
         business and consistent with past practice, none of which is materially
         adverse, and except in connection with this Agreement and the
         transactions contemplated hereby;

         (ii) discharged or satisfied any lien, security interest or encumbrance
         or paid any obligation or liability (fixed or contingent), other than
         in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice;

         (iii) mortgaged, pledged or subjected to any lien, security interest or
         other encumbrance any of its assets or properties (other than
         mechanic's, materialman's and similar statutory liens arising in the
         ordinary course of business and purchase money security interests
         arising as a matter of law between the date of delivery and payment);

                                      -5-

<PAGE>

         (iv) transferred, leased or otherwise disposed of any of its assets or
         properties except for a fair consideration in the ordinary course of
         business and consistent with past practice or, except in the ordinary
         course of business and consistent with past practice, acquired any
         assets or properties;

         (v) canceled or compromised any debt or claim, except in the ordinary
         course of business and consistent with past practice;

         (vi) waived or released any rights of material value;

         (vii) except pursuant to those contracts listed on Schedule 4(n)
         hereto, transferred or granted any rights under any concessions,
         leases, licenses, agreements, patents, inventions, trademarks, trade
         names, service marks or copyrights or with respect to any know-how;

         (viii) made or granted any wage or salary increase to any employee,
         entered into any employment contract with, or made any loan to, or
         entered into any material transaction of any other nature with, any
         officer or employee of the Company;

         (ix) entered into any material transaction, contract or commitment,
         except (i) contracts listed on Schedule 4(n) hereto and (ii) this
         Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby;

         (x) suffered any casualty loss or damage (whether or not such loss or
         damage shall have been covered by insurance) which affects in any
         material respect its ability to conduct business; or

         (xi) declared any dividends or bonuses, or authorized or affected any
         amendment or restatement of the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of
         the Company or taken any steps looking toward the dissolution or
         liquidation of the Company.

Between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, Stalder and Quaintance
will not cause the Company to do, without the prior written consent of Buyer,
any of the things listed in subsections (i) through (xi) above.

     (i) Taxes.  The Company (i) has duly and timely filed or caused to be filed
all  federal,   state,  local  and  foreign  tax  returns  (including,   without
limitation, consolidated and/or combined tax returns) required to be filed by it
prior to the date of this Agreement  which relate to the Company or with respect
to which the  Company or the assets or  properties  of the Company are liable or
otherwise in any way subject, (ii) has paid or fully accrued for all taxes shown

                                      -6-

<PAGE>

to be due and  payable on such  returns  (which  taxes are all the taxes due and
payable  under the laws and  regulations  pursuant  to which such  returns  were
filed),  and (iii) has properly accrued for all such taxes accrued in respect of
the Company or the assets and  properties of the Company for periods  subsequent
to the periods  covered by such  returns.  No deficiency in payment of taxes for
any period has been  asserted by any taxing body and  remains  unsettled  at the
date of this Agreement.

     (j) Title to  Company  Shares.  The  Shares  are duly  authorized,  validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

     (k) Title to Property and Assets. The Company has good and marketable title
to all of the  properties  and assets used by it in the conduct of its  business
(including,  without  limitation,  the  properties  and assets  reflected in the
Financial  Statements  and those  listed on  Schedule  4(k)  hereto,  except any
thereof since disposed of for value in the ordinary course of business) and none
of  such  properties  or  assets  is,  except  as  disclosed  in  the  Financial
Statements,  subject  to a  contract  of  sale  not in the  ordinary  course  of
business, or subject to security interests,  mortgages,  encumbrances,  liens or
charges of any kind or character.

     (l)  Condition  of  Personal  Property.  All  tangible  personal  property,
equipment, fixtures and inventories included within the assets of the Company or
required to be used in the ordinary course of business are in good, merchantable
or in  reasonably  repairable  condition  and are  suitable for the purposes for
which they are used. No value in excess of applicable reserves has been given to
any  inventory  with respect to obsolete or  discontinued  products.  All of the
inventories  and  equipment,  including  equipment  leased to  others,  are well
maintained and in good operating condition.

     (m) Real Estate.  Schedule 4(m) contains a list of all real property  owned
by the Company or in which the Company has a leasehold or other  interest and of
any lien,  charge or  encumbrance  thereupon.  Schedule  4(m)  also  contains  a
substantially  accurate  description  identifying all such real property and the
significant  rental  terms  (including  rents,  termination  dates  and  renewal
conditions).  The  improvements  upon such  properties  and use  thereof  by the
Company  conform to all applicable  lease  restrictions,  zoning and other local
ordinances.  The  Company:  (i) has not caused  any  releases  of any  Hazardous
Substance (as defined  herein)  anywhere which requires  remediation or clean-up
pursuant to any Environmental Law (as defined herein), and (ii) has not disposed
of Hazardous  Substances  anywhere except in compliance in all material respects
with applicable  Environmental Laws. The Company not has conducted or engaged in
any  operation  or  activity  involving  the use,  storage  or  disposal  of any
Hazardous Substance except as authorized by applicable Environmental Laws. There
is no pending or threatened,  lawsuit,  action, claim or proceeding by any third
party  alleging or  asserting  that either  Company has  violated or is about to
violate any applicable  Environmental Law.  "Environmental Law" shall be defined
as any  judgment,  decree,  order,  law,  license,  permit,  rule or  regulation
pertaining  to  environmental  matters,  including,  without  limitation,  those
arising  under  the  Resource  Conservation  and  Recovery  Act  ("RCRA"),   the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as

                                      -7-

<PAGE>

amended  ("CERCLA"),  the Superfund  Amendments and  Reauthorization Act of 1986
("SARA"), the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, the Solid Waste Disposal Act,
as amended,  the Federal  Clean Water Act, the Federal  Clean Air Act, the Toxic
Substances  Control Act, or any state or local statute,  regulation,  ordinance,
order or  decree  relating  to  health,  safety  or the  environment.  Hazardous
Substance  shall be  defined  as any  hazardous  waste,  as defined by 42 U.S.C.
6903(5), any hazardous substance as defined by 42 U.S.C. 9601(14), any pollutant
or contaminant as defined by 42 U.S.C.  9601(33) or any toxic substance,  oil or
hazardous material or other chemical or substance regulated by any Environmental
Laws.

     (n) List of  Contracts  and  Other  Data.  Schedule  4(n)  sets  forth  the
following:

         (i) all patents and registrations for trademarks, trade names, service
         marks and copyrights which are unexpired as of the date of this
         Agreement and which are used in connection with the operation of the
         Company's business, as well as all applications pending on said date
         for patents or for trademark, trade name, service mark or copyright
         registrations, and all other proprietary rights, owned or held by the
         Company and which are reasonably necessary to, or used in connection
         with, the business of the Company,

         (ii) all licenses granted by or to the Company and all other agreements
         to which the Company is a party and which relate, in whole or in part,
         to any items of the categories mentioned in (i) above or to other
         proprietary rights of the Company which are reasonably necessary to, or
         used in connection with, the business of the Company;


         (iii) all contracts, understandings and commitments (including, without
         limitation, mortgages, indentures and loan agreements) to which the
         Company is a party, or to which it or any of its assets or properties
         are subject and which are not specifically referred to in subsections
         (i) ir (ii) above.

         (v) the names and current annual compensation rates of all management
         employees of the Company; and

         (vi) all customer backlog which is represented by firm purchase orders,
         identifying the customers, products and purchase prices.

True and complete copies of all documents and complete descriptions of all oral
understandings, if any, referred to in this Section 4(n) have been provided or
made available to Buyer and his counsel.

     (o)  Business  Property  Rights.  (i) The  property  referred to in Section
4(n)(i)  above,  together  with all designs,  methods,  inventions  and know-how
related thereto and all trademarks,  trade names,  service marks, and copyrights
claimed  or used by the  Company  which have not been  registered  (collectively

                                      -8-

<PAGE>

"Business  Property  Rights"),  constitute all such proprietary  rights owned or
held by the  Company  and  which  are  reasonably  necessary  to, or used in the
conduct of the  business of the Company.  The computer  software and all related
designs,  methods,  inventions  and  know-how  constitute  trade  secrets of the
Company within the meaning of all applicable laws, and the Company has taken all
necessary  steps  required by law to protect  these trade  secrets as such.  The
Company  owns or has  valid  rights  to use all such  Business  Property  Rights
without conflict with the rights of others. No person or corporation has made or
threatened  to make any claims that the operation of the business of the Company
is in  violation  of or  infringes  any  Business  Property  Rights or any other
proprietary  or trade rights of any third party.  No third party is in violation
of or is infringing upon any Business Property Rights.

     (p) No Breach or Default. Except as described on Schedule 4(p), the Company
is not in default  under any  contract  to which it is a party or by which it is
bound,  nor has any event  occurred  which,  after  the  giving of notice or the
passage of time or both, would constitute a default under any such contract. the
Selling  Stockholders  have no  reason  to  believe  that  the  parties  to such
contracts  will not  fulfill  their  obligations  under  such  contracts  in all
material respects or are threatened with insolvency.

     (q) Labor Controversies. Schedule 4(q) sets forth the following:

         (i) the names and current annual compensation rates of all employees of
the Company; and

         (ii) all collective bargaining agreements, employment and consulting
agreements, executive compensation plans, bonus plans, profit-sharing plans,
deferred compensation agreements, employee pension or retirement plans, employee
stock purchase and stock option plans, group life insurance, hospitalization
insurance or other plans or arrangements providing for benefits to employees of
the Company;

The Company is not a party to any collective bargaining agreement. There are not
any controversies between the Company and any of its employees which might
reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the conduct of its
business, or any unresolved labor union grievances or unfair labor practice or
labor arbitration proceedings pending or threatened relating to its business,
and there are not any organizational efforts presently being made or threatened
involving any of the Company's employees. The Company has not received notice of
any claim that the Company has not complied with any laws relating to the
employment of labor, including any provisions thereof relating to wages, hours,
collective bargaining, the payment of social security and similar taxes, equal
employment opportunity, employment discrimination and employment safety, or that
the Company is liable for any arrears of wages or any taxes or penalties for
failure to comply with any of the foregoing.

                                      -9-

<PAGE>

     (r) Litigation.  There are no actions, suits or proceedings with respect to
the  Company  involving  claims by or against the  Selling  Stockholders  or the
Company  which  are  pending  or  threatened   against  any  of  them,   whether
individually  or  jointly,  at law or in  equity,  or before or by any  federal,
state, municipal or other governmental  department,  commission,  board, bureau,
agency or  instrumentality.  No basis for any action, suit or proceeding exists,
and there are no  orders,  judgments,  injunctions  or  decrees  of any court or
governmental agency with respect to which the Company has been named or to which
the Company is a party, which apply, in whole or in part, to the business of the
Company,  or to any of the assets or  properties  of the  Company or which would
result in any  material  adverse  change in the  business  or  prospects  of the
Company.

     (s) Potential Conflicts of Interest. No officer, director or stockholder of
the Company or any  affiliate of any of them (a) owns,  directly or  indirectly,
any interest in  (excepting  not more than five percent (5%) stock  holdings for
investment  purposes in securities of publicly held and traded  companies) or is
an officer, director,  employee or consultant of any person or entity which is a
competitor,  lessor,  lessee,  customer or supplier  of the  Company;  (b) owns,
directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, any tangible or intangible property
which the Company is using or the use of which is necessary  for the business of
the Company;  or (c) has any cause of action or other claim whatsoever  against,
or owes any amount to, the Company,  except for claims in the ordinary course of
business,  such as for accrued  vacation pay,  accrued  benefits  under employee
benefit plans and similar matters and agreements.

     (t) Suppliers and  Customers.  Schedule 4(t) lists all of the suppliers and
all of the customers the Companies during each of the last two fiscal years. The
relationships  of the  applicable  Company with such suppliers and customers are
good commercial working relationships and, except as set forth on Schedule 4(t),
no supplier or customer of material  importance  to the Company has cancelled or
otherwise  terminated  threatened  to  cancel or  otherwise  to  terminate,  its
relationship  with the  Company,  or has  during  the last  twelve  (12)  months
decreased  materially,  or  threatened  to  decrease  or limit  materially,  its
services,  supplies or materials for use by the Company or its usage or purchase
of the services or products of the Company  except for normal  cyclical  changes
related to customers' businesses. No such supplier or customer intends to cancel
or otherwise  substantially  modify its relationship with Company or to decrease
materially or limit its services, supplies or materials to Company, or its usage
or purchase of the  services  of the  Company,  and,  the  communication  of the
transactions  contemplated  hereby  will not  materially  adversely  affect  the
relationship of Buyer with any such supplier or customer.

     (u) Accounts Receivable. All accounts and notes receivable reflected on the
Most  Recent  Balance  Sheet,  and all  accounts  and notes  receivable  arising
subsequent  to the date of the Most  Recent  Balance  Sheet,  have arisen in the
ordinary course of business,  represent valid  obligations  owing to the Company
and have been  collected or are  collectible in the aggregate  recorded  amounts
thereof in accordance with their terms.

     (v) Broker.  Neither  the Selling  Stockholders  nor any  affiliate  of the
Selling  Stockholders has retained,  utilized or been represented by any broker,
agent, finder or intermediary in connection with the negotiation or consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

                                      -10-

<PAGE>

     (w) No  Misrepresentation  or Omission.  No  representation  or warranty by
Quaintance  or Stalder or the Selling  Stockholders  in this Section 4 or in any
other  Section  of this  Agreement,  or in any  certificate  or  other  document
furnished or to be furnished by Quaintance,  Stalder or the Selling Stockholders
pursuant  hereto,  contains or will  contain any untrue  statement of a material
fact or  omits or will  omit to  state a  material  fact  necessary  in order to
provide Buyer with accurate  information as to the Company.  The representations
of Stalder, Quaintance or the Selling Stockholders made in writing in connection
with the  transactions  contemplated  hereby (in each case except as affected by
the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement) shall survive the Closing and
the transactions contemplated hereby.

     4B. Representations and Warranties of the Selling Stockholders. The Selling
Stockholders  represent  and  warrant,  with respect to the Shares owned by them
respectively:

     (a) Title to Company Shares. The Shares are owned by the respective Selling
Stockholder, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, charges, assessments and
adverse  claims.  The Shares  are  subject to no  restrictions  with  respect to
transferability  to Buyer in accordance with the terms of this  Agreement.  Upon
transfer of the Shares by the respective Selling  Stockholder,  Buyer will, as a
result, receive good and marketable title to all of the Company Shares, free and
clear of all security  interests,  liens,  encumbrances,  charges,  assessments,
restrictions and adverse claims.

     4C. Representations and Warranties of Buyer.

     (a) Existence; Good Standing; Corporate Authority; Compliance With Law. The
Company  is a  corporation  duly  incorporated,  validly  existing  and in  good
standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation.

     (b) Validity and Effect of Agreements. This Agreement constitutes,  and all
agreements  and  documents  contemplated  hereby  when  executed  and  delivered
pursuant hereto will  constitute,  the valid and legally binding  obligations of
Buyer  enforceable in accordance with their terms. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement does not and the  consummation of the  transactions  contemplated
hereby will not (i) require the consent of any third  party,  (ii) result in the
breach of any term or provision of, or constitute a default under,  or result in
the acceleration of or entitle any party to accelerate (whether after the giving
of notice or the lapse of time or both) any obligation  under,  or result in the
creation or imposition of any lien, charge,  pledge,  security interest or other
encumbrance upon any part of the property of Buyer pursuant to any provision of,
any order, judgment, arbitration award, injunction, decree, indenture, mortgage,
lease, license, lien, or other agreement or instrument to which Buyer is a party
or by which any of them is bound,  or violate or conflict  with any provision of
the Bylaws or Articles of  Incorporation  of the Buyer as amended to the date of
this  Agreement  (other  than  agreements  requiring  to  the  increase  in  the
authorized  shares of the Buyer's  common stock,  for which  approval of Buyer's
shareholders is required.

                                      -11-

<PAGE>

    5. Buyer's Conditions of Closing. The obligation of Buyer to purchase and
pay for the Shares shall be subject to and conditioned upon the satisfaction at
the Closing of each of the following conditions:

     (a)  All  representations  and  warranties  of  the  Selling   Stockholders
contained in this  Agreement and the Schedules  hereto shall be true and correct
at and as of the Closing Date, the Selling Stockholders shall have performed all
agreements  and  covenants  and  satisfied  all  conditions  on their part to be
performed  or  satisfied  by the  Closing  Date  pursuant  to the  terms of this
Agreement,   and  Buyer  shall  have  received  a  certificate  of  the  Selling
Stockholders dated the Closing Date to such effect.

     (b) There shall have been no material  adverse change since the date of the
Most Recent Balance Sheet in the financial condition, business or affairs of the
Company,  the Company  shall not have suffered any material loss (whether or not
insured) by reason of physical  damage caused by fire,  earthquake,  accident or
other calamity which substantially  affects the value of its assets,  properties
or  business,  and Buyer  shall  have  received  a  certificate  of the  Selling
Stockholders dated the Closing Date to such effect.

     (c) The Selling Stockholders shall have delivered to Buyer a Certificate of
the  Secretary  of State of the state of  incorporation  of the  Company and any
other States, if any, listed on Schedule 4(a) certifying as of a date reasonably
close to the Closing Date that the Company has filed all required reports,  paid
all  required  fees and taxes,  and is, as of such date,  in good  standing  and
authorized to transact business as a domestic corporation.

     (d) The Selling  Stockholders shall have delivered his written resignation,
effective on the Closing Date, as a member of the Board of Directors, officer or
employee of the Company, as appropriate.

     (e) The Selling Stockholders shall have delivered to Buyer certificates and
other  instruments  representing  the  Shares to be  purchased  by  Buyer,  duly
endorsed for transfer or accompanied by appropriate stock powers,  together with
all other documents  necessary or appropriate to validly  transfer the Shares to
Buyer free and clear of all security interests,  liens, encumbrances and adverse
claims.

     (f)  Quaintance  and Stalder  shall have  executed and delivered to Buyer a
Consulting and Non-Competition  Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
C and a Subscription Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

                                      -12-

<PAGE>

     (g) The Selling  Stockholders  shall have executed and delivered to Buyer a
release of (i) any and all claims that the Selling  Stockholders may have to any
profits of the Company for any period prior to the Closing Date and (ii) any and
all claims the Selling  Stockholders  may have  against the Company for services
provided to Company for any period prior to the Closing Date.

     (h) Buyer shall have received from counsel for the Selling Stockholders, an
opinion dated the Closing Date, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D.

     (i) Buyer  shall have  received  from the Selling  Stockholders  all of the
reasonable items required by the Selling  Stockholders to conduct a thorough due
diligence  review of the  Company,  and Buyer shall be satisfied in all respects
with the results of said review in its sole discretion;

     (j) Neither any  investigation  of the Company nor the  Schedules  attached
hereto or any supplement  thereto nor any other  document  delivered to Buyer as
contemplated by this Agreement,  shall have revealed any facts or  circumstances
which,  in the sole and exclusive  judgment of Buyer and regardless of the cause
thereof,  reflect in an adverse way on the Company or its  financial  condition,
assets,  liabilities  (absolute,  accrued,  contingent or otherwise),  reserves,
business, operations or prospects.

     (k) The Selling Stockholders shall have delivered to Buyer the approval and
all consents from third parties and governmental agencies required to consummate
the transactions  contemplated  hereby,  including,  without  limitation,  those
consents listed on Schedule 4(k) hereto.

     (l) No suit,  action,  investigation,  inquiry or other  proceeding  by any
governmental  body or other person or legal or  administrative  proceeding shall
have been  instituted or threatened  which questions the validity or legality of
the transactions contemplated hereby.

     (m) As of the Closing Date, there shall be no effective  injunction,  writ,
preliminary  restraining  order or any order of any nature  issued by a court of
competent  jurisdiction  directing that the transactions  provided for herein or
any of them not be  consummated as so provided or imposing any conditions on the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, which is unduly burdensome
on the Company.

     (n) The Selling  Stockholders  shall have delivered to Buyer such unaudited
financial  statements  and  other  information  in  customary  form as  shall be
reasonably required by Buyer, its independent public accountants, The Securities
Act of 1933, as amended,  the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,  and
the rules and regulations  promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission
pursuant to said statutes.

                                      -13-

<PAGE>

     6. The  Company's  and Selling  Stockholder's  Conditions  of Closing.  The
obligation  of the Selling  Stockholders  to sell the Shares shall be subject to
and  conditioned  upon the  satisfaction at the Closing of each of the following
conditions:

     (a) All representations and warranties of Buyer contained in this Agreement
shall be true and  correct  at and as of the  Closing  Date,  Buyer  shall  have
performed all  agreements and covenants and satisfied all conditions on its part
to the  performed or satisfied by the Closing Date pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement,  and the Selling  Stockholders  shall have received a certificate  of
Buyer dated the Closing Date to such effect.

     (b) The Company shall have executed and delivered to Quaintance and Stalder
a  Consulting  and  Non-Competition  Agreement  in the form  attached  hereto as
Exhibit C, as well as a Subscription  Agreements in the form attached  hereto as
Exhibit A and Warrant  Agreements  in the form  attached as Exhibit B to each of
the Selling Stockholders.

     (c) The  approval  and all  consents  from third  parties and  governmental
agencies required to consummate the transactions  contemplated hereby shall have
been obtained.

     (d) No suit,  action,  investigation,  inquiry or other  proceeding  by any
governmental  body or other person or legal or  administrative  proceeding shall
have been  instituted or threatened  which questions the validity or legality of
the transactions contemplated hereby.

     (e) As of the Closing Date, there shall be no effective  injunction,  writ,
preliminary  restraining  order or any order of any nature  issued by a court of
competent  jurisdiction  directing that the transactions  provided for herein or
any of them not be  consummated as so provided or imposing any conditions on the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, which is unduly burdensome
on the Selling Stockholders.

     7.  Consents  and  Approvals  of  Parties.  (a) Each of the parties to this
Agreement hereby consents to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
hereby  waives any right that any of the parties to this  Agreement  may have to
object  to the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement  or to claim  any
preemptive or other right by reason of such transactions, under any agreement or
under the By-laws or the Articles of Incorporation of the Company.

     (b)  The  Selling   Stockholders,   in  their   respective   capacities  as
shareholders and/or directors of the Company,  hereby approve and authorizes the
transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement  with the same effect as if these
transactions  were  unanimously  approved  by  the  shareholders  and  Board  of
Directors of the Company at separate  meetings of the  shareholders and Board of
Directors specially convened for that purpose.

                                      -14-

<PAGE>

     8. Indemnification. (a) The Selling Stockholders, individually, jointly and
severally agree to indemnify and hold harmless Buyer and the Company against (i)
any payment,  loss, cost or expense (including  reasonable attorney's fees) made
or incurred by or asserted  against  Buyer  and/or the Company at any time after
the  Closing  Date in  respect  of any  omission,  misrepresentation,  breach of
warranty,  or non-fulfillment of any term,  provision,  covenant or agreement on
the part of the Selling  Stockholders  contained in this Agreement,  or from any
misrepresentation  in, or omission  from, any  certificate  or other  instrument
furnished  or to be  furnished  pursuant to this  Agreement;  (ii) any actual or
alleged  liability  (including,  without  limitation,  any  liability or alleged
liability for cleanup, removal, remediation or other response costs or for death
or injury to person or property)  arising from (x) the  violation by the Selling
Stockholders or the Company of any  Environmental Law on or prior to the Closing
Date,  (y) the  release,  emission,  discharge  or  presence  on or prior to the
Closing Date of any Hazardous  Substance,  toxic  pollutants  or other  chemical
by-products  onto,  from or into any real property  presently or formerly owned,
leased or operated by the Selling  Stockholders  or the Company or any affiliate
thereof  or  any   predecessors   in  interest  of  any  of  them,  or  (z)  the
transportation   by  the   Selling   Stockholders   or  the   Company  or  their
subcontractors  of any Hazardous  Substance,  toxic  pollutant or other chemical
by-product;  (iii) any claim under or pursuant to any  employee  benefit plan or
any  liability  under ERISA or the  Internal  Revenue  Code with  respect to any
employee benefit plan or other benefit plan of any person that at any time prior
to the Closing  Date an employee or provided  service to the  Company;  (iv) any
claims for  worker's  compensation  relating to the period  prior to the Closing
Date.

     (b) Buyer agrees to indemnify  and hold  harmless the Selling  Stockholders
against any payment,  loss,  cost or expense  (including  reasonable  attorney's
fees) made or incurred by or asserted  against the Selling  Stockholders  at any
time  after the  Closing  Date in respect  of any  omission,  misrepresentation,
breach of  warranty,  or  non-fulfillment  of any term,  provision,  covenant or
agreement  on the  part of  Buyer  contained  in  this  Agreement,  or from  any
misrepresentation  in, or omission  from, any  certificate  or other  instrument
furnished or to be furnished pursuant to this Agreement

     9. Termination and Abandonment.  (a) The transactions  contemplated  herein
may be terminated  and/or abandoned at any time before or after approval thereof
by the Company,  Selling  Stockholders or Buyer,  but not later than the Closing
Date:

                  (i) by mutual consent of the Company, Selling Stockholders and
Buyer;

                  (ii) by Buyer on or before the Closing Date if any of the
conditions provided for in Section 5 hereof for the benefit of such party shall
not have been met and it appears reasonably likely in Buyer's sole and exclusive
judgment that said condition cannot be met within a reasonable time;

                                      -15-

<PAGE>

                  (iii) by the Company or Selling Stockholders on or before the
Closing Date if any of the conditions provided for in Section 6 hereof for the
benefit of such party shall not have been met on or before the date thirty (30)
days following the date the Selling Stockholders shall have delivered to Buyer
all of the documents and other information required under Section 5 hereof and
it appears reasonably likely in Company's or Selling Stockholders' sole and
exclusive judgment that said condition cannot be met within a reasonable time
thereafter

     (b) In the event of termination and/or abandonment by the Company,  Selling
Stockholders or Buyer, or all of them, pursuant to subsection (a) above, written
notice thereof shall forthwith be given to the other party and the  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement  shall be terminated  and/or  abandoned,  without
further action the Company,  Selling  Stockholders or Buyer. If the transactions
contemplated  by this  Agreement  are  terminated  and/or  abandoned as provided
herein,  no party hereto shall have any  liability or further  obligation to any
other party to this Agreement.

     10.  Attorneys'  Fees.  Selling   Stockholders  and  Buyer  shall  each  be
responsible  for  his  or  its  own  attorneys'  fees  in  connection  with  the
negotiation and preparation of this Agreement.

     11.  Further  Assurances.  The parties from time to time shall  execute and
deliver such  additional  documents  and  instruments  and take such  additional
actions as may be necessary to carry out the  transactions  contemplated in this
Agreement.

     12.  Binding  Effect.  Subject  to the  provisions  of this  Section,  this
Agreement  shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties  hereto
and their respective successors,  assigns,  heirs, executors and administrators;
provided,  however,  that except as expressly  provided in this Section  neither
party may assign its rights or delegate its  obligations  hereunder  without the
consent of the other parties.

     13. Confidentiality. Each party agrees that disclosure of the terms of this
Agreement  would  be  prejudicial  to  the  interests  of  the  parties  hereto.
Accordingly,  each party agrees not to disclose  the terms of this  Agreement or
the nature of any disputes or  proceedings  under this  Agreement  except to the
extent  required by law, as may be  necessary  to enforce  such  party's  rights
hereunder,  for a party to obtain or renew bank financing, or as may be required
by  generally  accepted  accounting  principles,   in  the  opinion  of  Buyer's
independent certified public accountant,  in Buyer's financial statements or the
notes thereto.

     14  Exclusive  Dealing.  In  consideration  of the  payment by Buyer to the
Selling  Stockholders of a $10,000 non refundable  deposit,  neither the Selling
Stockholders nor any of Company's officers or directors, directly or indirectly,
through any representative or otherwise,  will solicit or entertain offers from,
negotiate or in any manner encourage,  discuss,  accept or consider any proposal
from any other person relating to the  acquisition,  in whole or in part, of the
assets of the Company,  or its business whether directly or indirectly,  through
purchase,  merger,  consolidation,  or otherwise. The Company will notify Buyer,
immediately upon learning thereof, regarding any contact between the Company and
their representatives or other person regarding any such offer or proposal.

                                      -16-

<PAGE>

     15 Disclosure Of Information


     (a)  The  Selling  Stockholders  acknowledge  that,  in the  course  of its
relationship  with  Seller,  they have had access  certain  confidential  and/or
non-public information pertaining to the Company,  including without limitation,
trade secrets,  know-how,  formulas,  marketing  plans,  financial  information,
processes,  policies,  formulas,  creations,  designs,  materials,   techniques,
patents, technologies,  compositions,  improvements,  ideas, specifications,  or
other  information  relating  to Seller.  All  information,  and all  documents,
records,   notebooks,   drawings,   photographs,   and   any   repositories   or
representations  of such information,  in whatever form or media, and whether or
not  specifically   labeled   confidential,   are  hereinafter  referred  to  as
"Confidential  Information".  The Selling Stockholders,  on behalf of themselves
and each of their respective employees, agents, representatives,  and affiliate,
agrees that from the date hereof keep secret and  confidential  and shall not in
any manner disclose or exploit any Confidential  Information other than to those
specific  individuals who are required to obtain such  Confidential  Information
for the  purpose of  performing  their  obligations  under this  Agreement.  The
Selling  Stockholders agree that they, and their respective  employees,  agents,
representatives,  and  affiliates  will hold in strict trust and  confidence all
such  Confidential  Information,  that neither they nor any of their  respective
employees,  agents,  representatives,  or affiliates will use such  Confidential
Information for any purposes  whatsoever other than in the course of performance
of their  respective  obligations  under this  Agreement.  Neither  the  Selling
Stockholders nor any of their respective employees,  agents,  representatives or
affiliates shall copy,  reproduce,  sell,  reveal, use or otherwise disclose any
such Confidential  Information to any persons or entity whatsoever except in the
course of performance of their respective obligations under this Agreement.

     (b) Upon  consummation of the  transaction  contemplated by this Agreement,
each of the Selling  Stockholders  shall  provide  Buyer with all lists,  books,
records,  files,  documents,  forms and similar items, and all copies thereof in
its possession, which contain any Confidential Information. In addition, each of
the Selling Stockholders shall delete all Confidential  Information from any all
computers,  disks,  tapes, hard drives, or other electronic or magnetic media in
whatever form within his possession or control (collectively, "Computers"). Upon
consummation  of the transaction  contemplated  by this  Agreement,  each of the
Selling Stockholders shall warrant, represent and certify that they have (i) not
and will not use any Confidential  Information other than in the course of their
relationship  with Buyer,  (ii) deleted all  Confidential  Information  from all
Computers and (iii)  returned to Buyer all paper or other hard copies of any and
all Confidential Information in its possession or control.

     (c) Each of the Selling Stockholders  acknowledge that any breach by any of
them or their respective employees, agents,  representatives,  or affiliates, of
any provision of this Agreement,  including,  without limitation, the provisions
of Sections 15 or 16 of this Agreement,  would cause great and irreparable  harm
to Buyer,  which harm could not  reasonably  be  reduced  to  monetary  damages.
Accordingly, in addition to whatever other rights Buyer may have in the event of
such breach, Buyer shall have the right to specific performance or an injunction
or similar  relief  prohibiting  further breach of this Agreement by the Selling
Stockholders  or their  respective  employees,  agents  or  representatives,  or
affiliates.

                                      -17-

<PAGE>

     16 Non-Competition

     (a) For a period of one (1) year  following the Closing  Date,  the Selling
Stockholders will not, as a principal,  agent,  employee,  consultant,  officer,
director,  investor,  joint venture participant or partner of any person,  firm,
corporation or business entity other than ICOA, directly or indirectly,  without
the express  prior written  consent of ICOA:  (1) engage or  participate  in any
business  whose  products  or  services  are  competitive  with that that of the
Company;  (2) aid or counsel any other  person,  firm,  corporation  or business
entity  to do any of the  above;  (3)  become  engaged  by a firm,  corporation,
partnership or joint venture which competes with the business of the Company; or
(4) approach,  solicit  business from, or otherwise do business or deal with any
customer of the Company in connection with any product or service competitive to
any provided by the Company.

     (b) For a period of two (2) years  following the Closing Date,  the Selling
Stockholders  will  not  solicit,  encourage,  or cause  others  to  solicit  or
encourage any employees,  independent contractors,  or clients of the Company to
terminate their employment, contractual, or client relationship with the Company
or Buyer.

     (iv) Each of the Selling  Stockholders believe that the restrictions placed
on  them,  in  the  light  of  all  the  consideration  paid  and  circumstances
surrounding  this  transaction  and the  nature  of  Buyer's  and the  Company's
business,  are  reasonable as to scope,  period of time and  geographical  area.
Nevertheless, it is the intent of the parties that this Agreement be enforceable
and restrict the Selling  Stockholders  only to the extent  permitted by law. In
the event any  court of  competent  jurisdiction  finds  any  provision  of this
Agreement unlawfully onerous or oppressive, the parties will stipulate and agree
to such modification of the terms of this Agreement as such court shall consider
appropriate and shall not claim that this Agreement is void or voidable.


     17  Miscellaneous.  (a) Any notice given  hereunder shall be in writing and
shall be conclusively presumed to have been given when delivered by hand or when
deposited in the United States mail,  certified mail, return receipt  requested,
postage  prepaid,  addressed to the parties at the  addresses  indicated in this
Agreement.  The  address of any party  hereto  may be  changed by giving  notice
thereof to all other parties hereto at any time.

                  (b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between
the parties and supersedes all prior negotiations, understanding and agreements
concerning the subject matter hereof. No modification hereof shall be binding
upon any party unless in writing and signed by or on behalf of the party against
which the modification is asserted.

                                      -18-

<PAGE>

                  (c) Waiver of any provision hereof must be in writing signed
by the party to be charged with the effect thereof. Waiver of any default or
breach of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any other default or
breach.

                  (d) All section headings herein shall be only for purposes of
reference and shall have no substantive significance.

                  (e) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Rhode Island. Each of the parties
hereto, as to any legal action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this
Agreement, (i) hereby submits to the jurisdiction of, and waives all objections
to venue in, the courts of the State of Rhode Island, the United States District
Court for the District of Rhode Island and any court from which an appeal might
be taken from such courts and (ii) agrees that in the event that service cannot
be made upon him or it in any such proceeding by personal service within the
State of Rhode Island, service may be effected by mail to him or it in the same
manner as notices are required to be given to him or it under subsection (a)
above.

                  (f) Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall
be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
laws; should any portion of this Agreement be declared invalid for any reason in
any jurisdiction, such declaration shall have no effect upon the remaining
portions of this Agreement, furthermore, the entirety of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect in all other jurisdictions and said remaining
portions of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect in the
subject jurisdiction as if this Agreement had been executed with the invalid
portions thereof deleted.

                  (g) All of the terms, conditions, warranties and
representations contained in this Agreement shall survive, in accordance with
their terms, delivery by the Selling Stockholders of the consideration to be
given by him hereunder and delivery by Buyer of the consideration to be given by
them hereunder, and shall survive the execution hereof and the Closing
hereunder.

         (h) All notices, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing or by written telecommunication, and shall be deemed to have been duly
given if delivered personally or if mailed by certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, or if sent by overnight courier, or sent by written
telecommunication, as follows:

                                      -19-

<PAGE>

If to the Selling Stockholders, to:

         Kevin Quaintance
         AuthDirect, Inc.
         467 Saratoga Ave, # 105
         San Jose, CA  95129

         FAX NO:  ______________

  With a copy sent contemporaneously to:

         Theresa M. Mehringer, Esq.
         Burns Figa & Will, P.C.
         6400 S. Fiddlers Green Circle, Ste 1030
         Englewood, CO 80111

         FAX NO: 303-796-2777


If to the Buyer, to:

         George Strouthopoulos, President
         ICOA, Inc.
         111 Airport Road
         Warwick RI 02889

         FAX NO:  401-739-9215

  With a copy sent contemporaneously to:

         Francis D. Parisi, Esq.
         202 Broadway
         Providence, RI 02903

         FAX NO: 401-831-8387


Any such notice shall be effective (a) if delivered personally, when received,
(b) if sent by overnight courier, when receipted for, (c) if mailed, three (3)
days after being mailed as described above, and (d) if sent by written
telecommunication, when dispatched.


(remainder of page left intentionally blank)

                                      -20-

<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this
Agreement on the date first above written.


                                      BUYER:

                                      ICOA, Inc.

                                      By:_________________________
                                         George Strouthopoulos, President

                                      COMPANY:
                                      AUTHDIRECT, INC.


                                      By:_________________________
                                         Kevin Quaintance, President

                                      SELLING SHAREHOLDERS:

                                      -----------------------
                                      Kevin Quaintance

                                      -----------------------
                                      Joel Stalder

                                      -----------------------
                                      Gordon Townsend

                                      -----------------------
                                      Geoffrey Maness

                                      -----------------------
                                      Adam Sewall

                                      -----------------------
                                      Glenda Donate

                                      -----------------------
                                      Jason TeWhau


                                      -21-

<PAGE>

                               INDEX TO SCHEDULES

Schedule 2(a) Distribution of Purchase Price

Schedule 2(b) Payment of Promissory Notes

1) Promissory Note payable to Kevin Quaintance in the amount of $40,000 payable
in six (6) payments as follows:
Payment of $ 5,000 at closing;
Payment of $ 5,000 within fifteen (15) days from closing;
Payment of $ 5,000 within forty five (45) days from closing;
Payment of $ 5,000 within seventy five (75) days from closing;
Payment of $ 5,000 within one hundred and five (105) days from closing;
Payment of $ 7,500 within one hundred and thirty five (135) days from closing;
Payment of $ 7,500 within one hundred and sixty five (165) days from closing.

2) Promissory Note payable to Joel Stalder in the amount of $40,000 payable in
six (6) payments as follows:
Payment of $ 5,000 at closing;
Payment of $ 5,000 within fifteen (15) days from closing;
Payment of $ 5,000 within forty five (45) days from closing;
Payment of $ 5,000 within seventy five (75) days from closing;
Payment of $ 5,000 within one hundred and five (105) days from closing;
Payment of $ 7,500 within one hundred and thirty five (135) days from closing;
Payment of $ 7,500 within one hundred and sixty five (165) days from closing.

Schedule 4(a)     Foreign State Qualifications
Schedule 4(c)     Capitalization, Subsidiaries
Schedule 4(e)     Officers and Directors, Bank Accounts, Insurance, etc.
Schedule 4(k)     Asset List
Schedule 4(m)     Real Estate
Schedule 4(n)     Contracts and Other Data
Schedule 4(q)     Employees, Compensation, Benefit Plans, etc.
Schedule 4(t)     Suppliers and Customers
Schedule 5(k)     Required Consents

                                      -22-

<PAGE>

                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS



Exhibit A               Form of Subscription Agreement
Exhibit B               Form of Warrant Agreement
Exhibit C               Form of Consulting and Non-Competition Agreement

















                                      -23-

<PAGE>

                                  Schedule 4(c)

Capitalization

State of Incorporation:   California

Authorized Shares:        100,000 Shares of Common Stock, no par value per share

Total Shares Issued:      100,000 Shares

         Shareholder           Total Shares Owned         Percentage of
                                                         Outstanding Owned

         Kevin Quaintance           43,000                    43.00%
         Joel Stalder               43,000                    43.00%
         Gordon Townsend             4,000                     4.00%
         Geoffrey Maness             2,000                     2.00%
         Adam Sewall                   500                     0.50%
         Glenda Donate               5,000                     5.00%
         Jason TeWhau                2,500                     2.50%
















                                      -24-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-16.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex163.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSULTING AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                        INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT


This Independent Contractor Agreement  ("Agreement") is between ICOA, INC.
("Company"),  with its principal place of business at 111 Airport Rd. Warwick,
RI 02889 and Kevin Quaintance ("Contractor").

In consideration of the agreements set forth below, the parties agree as
follows:

1.0      SCOPE OF SERVICES

         Contractor shall furnish services to the Company as described in
Exhibit A, attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference (the
"Services"). Contractor shall determine the method, details and means of
performing the Services.

2.0      TERM

         The Effective Date of the Agreement shall be September 8, 2004.

         The term of this Agreement ("Term") shall commence on the Effective
Date and shall continue through December 1, 2004 unless terminated by either
party pursuant to paragraph 7 or extended by written mutual agreement of the
parties.

3.0      CONSIDERATION

          Company shall pay to Contractor, as consideration for Contractor's
complete performance of the Services the amount or rate specified in Exhibit A.
Contractor shall bill Company monthly, with payment to be made within thirty
days of receipt of the invoice from Contractor. Contractor shall be responsible
for all expenses incurred in association with the performance of the Services.

4.0      TAXES

         Contractor shall have sole responsibility for payment of any and all
taxes incurred as a result of Contractor's compensation hereunder, including but
not limited to, estimated, foreign, federal, state, and local taxes or
contributions imposed or required under unemployment insurance, social security
and income tax laws and for filing all required tax forms with respect to any
amounts paid by Company to Contractor hereunder. Contractor further agrees to
provide Company with proof of such payments upon demand. Contractor shall
indemnify and hold Company harmless against any claim of liability, including
penalties, damages or injuries suffered by Company resulting from failure of
Contractor to pay such taxes or contributions, or failure of Contractor to file
any such tax forms.

                                       1

<PAGE>

5.0      INVENTIONS, CREATIONS, IMPROVEMENTS OR OTHER DEVELOPMENTS

         Contractor shall disclose and does hereby assign to Company, its
successors and assigns, any and all inventions, creations, improvements, or
other developments, each whether patentable, copyrightable or not, which
Contractor may hereafter make or assist in making and which result from the
Services performed under this Agreement. Contractor hereby assigns to Company,
its successors or assigns, any and all patents, copyrights, and applications
therefore, both in the United States and in any foreign country, in connection
with any such inventions, creations, improvements, or developments, and to do,
and cause its employees to do, any and all acts, and to execute any and all
instruments, which Company may reasonably request to secure for itself, its
successors or assigns, any rights relating to such inventions, creations,
improvements, developments, patents, copyrights, or registrations.

6.0      CONFIDENTIALITY

         6.1 Except as hereinafter specifically provided, all information
         disclosed by Company to Contractor pursuant to this Agreement shall be
         in confidence. Contractor shall not use such information, except as
         needed to perform his/her obligations under this Agreement, and shall
         take all reasonable precautions to prevent such information from being
         disclosed to third parties. All materials containing such information
         shall be returned to Company upon termination of this Agreement.

         6.2     The following information shall not be considered confidential:

                  (a)      Information which was known by Contractor as of the
                           date of this Agreement;

                  (b)      Information which is publicly known as of the date of
                           this Agreement;

                  (c)      Information which hereafter becomes publicly known,
                           unless as a result of the fault of Contractor; and

                  (d)      Information which Company agrees in writing is not
                           confidential.

         6.3 In addition, all information and data developed by Contractor as a
         result of performing Services under this Agreement shall be transmitted
         by Contractor to Company, shall become the property of Company and
         shall likewise be regarded by Contractor as confidential, subject to
         the same exceptions as set forth above with respect to information
         disclosed to Contractor by Company, provided however, that Contractor
         shall only be required to treat such information and such data as
         confidential for a period of one year after the termination of this
         Agreement.

         6.4 At the conclusion of Contractor's work under this Agreement, if
         Contractor has used a computer to perform its work under this
         Agreement, Contractor agrees to submit such computer to Company to
         ensure that all confidential information of Company is erased.

                                       2

<PAGE>

7.0      TERMINATION

         This Agreement will terminate upon the completion of the Services, by
the date in Section 2.0 Term or as set forth below. In such case, Company's
obligation to Contractor for performance of the Services shall be limited to
payment to Contractor of amounts due for work completed but not yet paid.
Contractor's obligation shall be limited to providing Company with all
data/services prepared to date and preparation of a final invoice. The
obligations of Contractor under Paragraphs 4.0, 5.0, 6.0, 8.0, 11.0, and 12.0
shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

         7.1     Automatic termination upon the occurrence of any of the
                 following:

                  (a) Conversion to full time employment by Contractor

                  (b) Bankruptcy or insolvency of either party;

                  (c) Sale of the business by either party;

                  (d) Death of either party.

         7.2 Termination for Default: If either party defaults in the
         performance of this Agreement or materially breach any of the
         provisions, the non-breaching party may terminate this Agreement by
         giving ten days written notice of such breach. Termination shall be
         effective five days from mailing such notice.

8.0      IMPAIRING OBLIGATIONS

         Contractor agrees to devote such time as is necessary to the
performance of the Services, as authorized by Company. Contractor may also
perform Services or be employed by other clients provided such obligations would
not in any way prevent, limit or otherwise impair the providing of the Services
to Company.

9.0      RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES

         The relationship of Contractor to Company shall at all times be one of
independent Contractor, and neither party shall be nor represent itself to be an
employee, agent, representative, partner or joint venturer of the other, nor
shall either party have the right or authority to assume or create any
obligation on behalf of or in the name of the other or to otherwise act on
behalf of the other. Contractor shall not be entitled to any benefits accorded
to Company's employees, including but not limited to, workers compensation,
disability insurance, vacation, health benefits, 401K participation, or tuition
reimbursement. Contractor shall be responsible for providing, at his/her sole
expense, and in his/her name, State disability insurance, workers compensation
or any other required insurance as well as all licenses and permits usual and/or
necessary for conducting the Services.

                                       3

<PAGE>

10.      ASSIGNMENT

         All covenants, stipulations, promises and other terms in this Agreement
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors in interest, assignees and legal representatives. Although
Contractor may use its employees to perform this Agreement, the parties agree
that Contractor shall not assign this Agreement without the express written
consent of Company.

11.      PERSONNEL ON PREMISES OF OTHER PARTY; INDEMNIFICATION

         All representatives of either party, while on the premises of, or
designated by, the other party, shall comply with all reasonable rules and
regulations established at such premises. Contractor hereby agrees to indemnify
and hold harmless Company, and its officers, directors, agents and employees,
from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses
(including attorneys fees) on account of any claim, suit or action made or
brought against Company, or its officers, directors, agents or employees,
arising from any act of negligence or willful misconduct of Contractor, or
related to any breach or failure of Contractor in connection with the Services.

12.      INFRINGEMENT

         Contractor warrants that, in rendering the Services hereunder, it shall
not knowingly infringe any patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other
intellectual property right of any third party, and it shall use best efforts to
avoid any such infringement. Contractor hereby agrees to defend Company against
any claim of patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual
property infringement made against Company on account of the services rendered
by Contractor. Contractor further agrees to indemnify and hold Company harmless
against any loss, damage, award or expense (including reasonable attorneys fees)
resulting from such a claim.

13.0     WAIVERS

         A waiver of any breach or default hereunder by any party shall not
constitute the waiver of a subsequent breach or default of the same or a
different provision of this Agreement.

14.0     INVALIDITY

         If any provision of this Agreement, shall be held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable, that provision shall be deemed modified to the extent
necessary to make it valid and operative, or if it cannot be so modified then it
shall be severed, and the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining
provisions shall not be affected or impaired thereby.

                                       4

<PAGE>

15.0     ARBITRATION

         Should any dispute occur between the parties arising out of or related
to this Agreement, that dispute shall be settled and determined by arbitration
under the then current rules of the American Arbitration Association. The
decision and award of the Arbitrator shall be final and binding and the award so
rendered may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The
arbitration shall be held and the award shall be deemed to be made in
Providence, Rhode Island. Further, all questions of law shall be decided in
accordance with the laws of the State of Rhode Island, without reference to the
conflicts of laws provisions thereof.

16.0     COMPLETE UNDERSTANDING

         Each party acknowledges that it has read this Agreement and agrees that
it is the complete and exclusive understanding between the parties.

"Contractor"                        " Company"
Kevin Quaintance                    ICOA, Inc.
                                    a Nevada corporation

By _________________________        By __________________________________
                                            Erwin Vahlsing, Jr.
                                            CFO

September 8, 2004                   September 8, 2004







                                       5

<PAGE>

                                   APPENDIX A


SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED


Management of Call Center, Operations and the acquired entity of AuthDirect,
Inc.


PAYMENTS TO CONTRACTOR

$ 8,333.33 per month














                                       6

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-16.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex164.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSULTING AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                        INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT


This Independent  Contractor  Agreement  ("Agreement") is between ICOA, INC.
("Company"),  with its principal place of business at 111 Airport Rd. Warwick,
RI 02889 and Joel Stalder ("Contractor").

In consideration of the agreements set forth below, the parties agree as
follows:

1.0      SCOPE OF SERVICES

         Contractor shall furnish services to the Company as described in
Exhibit A, attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference (the
"Services"). Contractor shall determine the method, details and means of
performing the Services.

2.0      TERM

         The Effective Date of the Agreement shall be September 8, 2004.

         The term of this Agreement ("Term") shall commence on the Effective
Date and shall continue through December 1, 2004 unless terminated by either
party pursuant to paragraph 7 or extended by written mutual agreement of the
parties.

3.0      CONSIDERATION

          Company shall pay to Contractor, as consideration for Contractor's
complete performance of the Services the amount or rate specified in Exhibit A.
Contractor shall bill Company monthly, with payment to be made within thirty
days of receipt of the invoice from Contractor. Contractor shall be responsible
for all expenses incurred in association with the performance of the Services.

4.0      TAXES

         Contractor shall have sole responsibility for payment of any and all
taxes incurred as a result of Contractor's compensation hereunder, including but
not limited to, estimated, foreign, federal, state, and local taxes or
contributions imposed or required under unemployment insurance, social security
and income tax laws and for filing all required tax forms with respect to any
amounts paid by Company to Contractor hereunder. Contractor further agrees to
provide Company with proof of such payments upon demand. Contractor shall
indemnify and hold Company harmless against any claim of liability, including
penalties, damages or injuries suffered by Company resulting from failure of
Contractor to pay such taxes or contributions, or failure of Contractor to file
any such tax forms.

                                       1

<PAGE>

5.0      INVENTIONS, CREATIONS, IMPROVEMENTS OR OTHER DEVELOPMENTS

         Contractor shall disclose and does hereby assign to Company, its
successors and assigns, any and all inventions, creations, improvements, or
other developments, each whether patentable, copyrightable or not, which
Contractor may hereafter make or assist in making and which result from the
Services performed under this Agreement. Contractor hereby assigns to Company,
its successors or assigns, any and all patents, copyrights, and applications
therefore, both in the United States and in any foreign country, in connection
with any such inventions, creations, improvements, or developments, and to do,
and cause its employees to do, any and all acts, and to execute any and all
instruments, which Company may reasonably request to secure for itself, its
successors or assigns, any rights relating to such inventions, creations,
improvements, developments, patents, copyrights, or registrations.

6.0      CONFIDENTIALITY

         6.1 Except as hereinafter specifically provided, all information
         disclosed by Company to Contractor pursuant to this Agreement shall be
         in confidence. Contractor shall not use such information, except as
         needed to perform his/her obligations under this Agreement, and shall
         take all reasonable precautions to prevent such information from being
         disclosed to third parties. All materials containing such information
         shall be returned to Company upon termination of this Agreement.

         6.2     The following information shall not be considered confidential:

                  (a)      Information which was known by Contractor as of the
                           date of this Agreement;

                  (b)      Information which is publicly known as of the date of
                           this Agreement;

                  (c)      Information which hereafter becomes publicly known,
                           unless as a result of the fault of Contractor; and

                  (d)      Information which Company agrees in writing is not
                           confidential.

         6.3 In addition, all information and data developed by Contractor as a
         result of performing Services under this Agreement shall be transmitted
         by Contractor to Company, shall become the property of Company and
         shall likewise be regarded by Contractor as confidential, subject to
         the same exceptions as set forth above with respect to information
         disclosed to Contractor by Company, provided however, that Contractor
         shall only be required to treat such information and such data as
         confidential for a period of one year after the termination of this
         Agreement.

         6.4 At the conclusion of Contractor's work under this Agreement, if
         Contractor has used a computer to perform its work under this
         Agreement, Contractor agrees to submit such computer to Company to
         ensure that all confidential information of Company is erased.

                                       2

<PAGE>

7.0      TERMINATION

         This Agreement will terminate upon the completion of the Services, by
the date in Section 2.0 Term or as set forth below. In such case, Company's
obligation to Contractor for performance of the Services shall be limited to
payment to Contractor of amounts due for work completed but not yet paid.
Contractor's obligation shall be limited to providing Company with all
data/services prepared to date and preparation of a final invoice. The
obligations of Contractor under Paragraphs 4.0, 5.0, 6.0, 8.0, 11.0, and 12.0
shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

         7.1     Automatic termination upon the occurrence of any of the
                 following:

                  (a) Conversion to full time employment by Contractor

                  (b) Bankruptcy or insolvency of either party;

                  (c) Sale of the business by either party;

                  (d) Death of either party.

         7.2      Termination for Default: If either party defaults in the
         performance of this Agreement or materially breach any of the
         provisions, the non-breaching party may terminate this Agreement by
         giving ten days written notice of such breach. Termination shall be
         effective five days from mailing such notice.

8.0      IMPAIRING OBLIGATIONS

         Contractor agrees to devote such time as is necessary to the
performance of the Services, as authorized by Company. Contractor may also
perform Services or be employed by other clients provided such obligations would
not in any way prevent, limit or otherwise impair the providing of the Services
to Company.

9.0      RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES

         The relationship of Contractor to Company shall at all times be one of
independent Contractor, and neither party shall be nor represent itself to be an
employee, agent, representative, partner or joint venturer of the other, nor
shall either party have the right or authority to assume or create any
obligation on behalf of or in the name of the other or to otherwise act on
behalf of the other. Contractor shall not be entitled to any benefits accorded
to Company's employees, including but not limited to, workers compensation,
disability insurance, vacation, health benefits, 401K participation, or tuition
reimbursement. Contractor shall be responsible for providing, at his/her sole
expense, and in his/her name, State disability insurance, workers compensation
or any other required insurance as well as all licenses and permits usual and/or
necessary for conducting the Services.

                                       3

<PAGE>

10.      ASSIGNMENT

         All covenants, stipulations, promises and other terms in this Agreement
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors in interest, assignees and legal representatives. Although
Contractor may use its employees to perform this Agreement, the parties agree
that Contractor shall not assign this Agreement without the express written
consent of Company.

11.      PERSONNEL ON PREMISES OF OTHER PARTY; INDEMNIFICATION

         All representatives of either party, while on the premises of, or
designated by, the other party, shall comply with all reasonable rules and
regulations established at such premises. Contractor hereby agrees to indemnify
and hold harmless Company, and its officers, directors, agents and employees,
from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses
(including attorneys fees) on account of any claim, suit or action made or
brought against Company, or its officers, directors, agents or employees,
arising from any act of negligence or willful misconduct of Contractor, or
related to any breach or failure of Contractor in connection with the Services.

12.      INFRINGEMENT

         Contractor warrants that, in rendering the Services hereunder, it shall
not knowingly infringe any patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other
intellectual property right of any third party, and it shall use best efforts to
avoid any such infringement. Contractor hereby agrees to defend Company against
any claim of patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual
property infringement made against Company on account of the services rendered
by Contractor. Contractor further agrees to indemnify and hold Company harmless
against any loss, damage, award or expense (including reasonable attorneys fees)
resulting from such a claim.

13.0     WAIVERS

         A waiver of any breach or default hereunder by any party shall not
constitute the waiver of a subsequent breach or default of the same or a
different provision of this Agreement.

14.0     INVALIDITY

         If any provision of this Agreement, shall be held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable, that provision shall be deemed modified to the extent
necessary to make it valid and operative, or if it cannot be so modified then it
shall be severed, and the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining
provisions shall not be affected or impaired thereby.

                                       4

<PAGE>

15.0     ARBITRATION

         Should any dispute occur between the parties arising out of or related
to this Agreement, that dispute shall be settled and determined by arbitration
under the then current rules of the American Arbitration Association. The
decision and award of the Arbitrator shall be final and binding and the award so
rendered may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The
arbitration shall be held and the award shall be deemed to be made in
Providence, Rhode Island. Further, all questions of law shall be decided in
accordance with the laws of the State of Rhode Island, without reference to the
conflicts of laws provisions thereof.

16.0     COMPLETE UNDERSTANDING

         Each party acknowledges that it has read this Agreement and agrees that
it is the complete and exclusive understanding between the parties.

"Contractor"                                " Company"
Joel Stalder                                 ICOA, Inc.
                                             a Nevada corporation

By _________________________        By __________________________________
                                       Erwin Vahlsing, Jr.
                                       CFO

September 8, 2004                   September 8, 2004









                                       5

<PAGE>



                                   APPENDIX A


SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED


Management of AuthDirect office in San Jose, CA and development of software and
services for customers


PAYMENTS TO CONTRACTOR

$ 6,666.67 per month














                                       6

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-16.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex165.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF WARRANT
<TEXT>

THIS WARRANT AND THE COMMON SHARES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT HAVE
NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED OR UNDER
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS WARRANT AND THE COMMON SHARES ISSUABLE
UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR
HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AS TO THIS
WARRANT UNDER SAID ACT AND UNDER APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN OPINION
OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO ICOA, INC. THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED.

                     Right  to  Purchase  XXXXXXX  Shares  of  Common  Stock  of
                     ICOA,  Inc. (subject to adjustment as provided herein)

                                 FORM OF WARRANT

No. 2004-4                                         Issue Date: September 8, 2004

         ICOA, INC., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of
Nevada (the "Company"), hereby certifies that, for value received, _____________
("Investor") is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from
the Company from and after the Issue Date of this Warrant and at any time or
from time to time before 5:00 p.m., Rhode Island time, on the third anniversary
of the date hereof (the "Expiration Date"), up to XXXXXXX fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock (as hereinafter defined), $.0001 par value
per share, of the Company, at a purchase price of $.05 per share (such purchase
price per share as adjusted from time to time as herein provided is referred to
herein as the "Purchase Price"). The number and character of such shares of
Common Stock and the Purchase Price are subject to adjustment as provided
herein.

         As used herein the following terms, unless the context otherwise
requires, have the following respective meanings:

         (a) The term "Company" shall include ICOA, Inc. and any corporation
which shall succeed or assume the obligations of ICOA, Inc. hereunder.

         (b) The term "Common Stock" includes (a) the Company's Common Stock,
$.0001 par value per share, as authorized on the date of the Subscription
Agreement referred to in Section 9 hereof, (b) any other capital stock of any
class or classes (however designated) of the Company, authorized on or after
such date, the holders of which shall have the right, without limitation as to
amount, either to all or to a share of the balance of current dividends and
liquidating dividends after the payment of dividends and distributions on any
shares entitled to preference, and the holders of which shall ordinarily, in the
absence of contingencies, be entitled to vote for the election of a majority of
directors of the Company (even if the right so to vote has been suspended by the
happening of such a contingency) and (c) any other securities into which or for
which any of the securities described in (a) or (b) may be converted or
exchanged pursuant to a plan of recapitalization, reorganization, merger, sale
of assets or otherwise.

                                       1

<PAGE>

         (c) The term "Other Securities" refers to any stock (other than Common
Stock) and other securities of the Company or any other person (corporate or
otherwise) which the holder of the Warrant at any time shall be entitled to
receive, or shall have received, on the exercise of the Warrant, in lieu of or
in addition to Common Stock, or which at any time shall be issuable or shall
have been issued in exchange for or in replacement of Common Stock or Other
Securities pursuant to Section 4 or otherwise.

         1. Exercise of Warrant.

                  1.1. Number of Shares Issuable upon Exercise. From and after
the date hereof through and including the Expiration Date, the holder hereof
shall be entitled to receive, upon exercise of this Warrant in whole in
accordance with the terms of subsection 1.2 or upon exercise of this Warrant in
part in accordance with subsection 1.3, shares of Common Stock of the Company,
subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 4.

                  1.2. Full Exercise. This Warrant may be exercised in full by
the holder hereof by delivery of an original or fax copy of the form of
subscription attached as Exhibit A hereto (the "Subscription Form") duly
executed by such holder and surrender of the original Warrant within seven days
of exercise, to the Company at its principal office or at the office of its
Warrant agent (as provided hereinafter), accompanied at the time of exercise by
payment, in cash, wire transfer, or by certified or official bank check payable
to the order of the Company, in the amount obtained by multiplying the number of
shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is then exercisable by the
Purchase Price (as hereinafter defined) then in effect.

                  1.3. Partial Exercise. This Warrant may be exercised in part
(but not for a fractional share) by surrender of this Warrant in the manner and
at the place provided in subsection 1.2 except that the amount payable by the
holder on such partial exercise shall be the amount obtained by multiplying (a)
the number of shares of Common Stock designated by the holder in the
Subscription Form by (b) the Purchase Price then in effect. On any such partial
exercise, the Company, at its expense, will forthwith issue and deliver to or
upon the order of the holder hereof a new Warrant of like tenor, in the name of
the holder hereof or as such holder (upon payment by such holder of any
applicable transfer taxes) may request, the number of shares of Common Stock for
which such Warrant may still be exercised.

                  1.4. Company Acknowledgment. The Company will, at the time of
the exercise of the Warrant, upon the request of the holder hereof acknowledge
in writing its continuing obligation to afford to such holder any rights to
which such holder shall continue to be entitled after such exercise in
accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. If the holder shall fail to make
any such request, such failure shall not affect the continuing obligation of the
Company to afford to such holder any such rights.

                  1.6. Trustee for Warrant Holders. In the event that a bank or
trust company shall have been appointed as trustee for the holders of the
Warrants pursuant to Subsection 3.2, such bank or trust company shall have all
the powers and duties of a warrant agent (as hereinafter described) and shall
accept, in its own name for the account of the Company or such successor person
as may be entitled thereto, all amounts otherwise payable to the Company or such
successor, as the case may be, on exercise of this Warrant pursuant to this
Section 1.

                                       2

<PAGE>

         2. Delivery of Stock Certificates, etc. on Exercise. The Company agrees
that the shares of Common Stock purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be
deemed to be issued to the holder hereof as the record owner of such shares as
of the close of business on the date on which this Warrant shall have been
surrendered and payment made for such shares as aforesaid. As soon as
practicable after the exercise of this Warrant in full or in part, and in any
event within 7 days thereafter, the Company at its expense (including the
payment by it of any applicable issue taxes) will cause to be issued in the name
of and delivered to the holder hereof, or as such holder (upon payment by such
holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may direct in compliance with
applicable Securities Laws, a certificate or certificates for the number of duly
and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock (or
Other Securities) to which such holder shall be entitled on such exercise, plus,
in lieu of any fractional share to which such holder would otherwise be
entitled, cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the then Fair Market Value
of one full share, together with any other stock or other securities and
property (including cash, where applicable) to which such holder is entitled
upon such exercise pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise.

         3. Adjustment for Reorganization, Consolidation, Merger, etc.

                  3.1. Reorganization, Consolidation, Merger, etc. In case at
any time or from time to time, the Company shall (a) effect a reorganization,
(b) consolidate with or merge into any other person, or (c) transfer all or
substantially all of its properties or assets to any other person under any plan
or arrangement contemplating the dissolution of the Company, then, in each such
case, as a condition to the consummation of such a transaction, proper and
adequate provision shall be made by the Company whereby the holder of this
Warrant, on the exercise hereof as provided in Section 1 at any time after the
consummation of such reorganization, consolidation or merger or the effective
date of such dissolution, as the case may be, shall receive, in lieu of the
Common Stock (or Other Securities) issuable on such exercise prior to such
consummation or such effective date, the stock and other securities and property
(including cash) to which such holder would have been entitled upon such
consummation or in connection with such dissolution, as the case may be, if such
holder had so exercised this Warrant, immediately prior thereto, all subject to
further adjustment thereafter as provided in Section 4.

                  3.2. Dissolution. In the event of any dissolution of the
Company following the transfer of all or substantially all of its properties or
assets, the Company, prior to such dissolution, shall at its expense deliver or
cause to be delivered the stock and other securities and property (including
cash, where applicable) receivable by the holders of the Warrants after the
effective date of such dissolution pursuant to this Section 3 to a bank or trust
company having its principal office in New York, NY, as trustee for the holder
or holders of the Warrants only to the extent that the value of such cash and
property exceeds the Purchase Price.

                                       3

<PAGE>

                  3.3. Continuation of Terms. Upon any reorganization,
consolidation, merger or transfer (and any dissolution following any transfer)
referred to in this Section 3, this Warrant shall continue in full force and
effect and the terms hereof shall be applicable to the shares of stock and other
securities and property receivable on the exercise of this Warrant after the
consummation of such reorganization, consolidation or merger or the effective
date of dissolution following any such transfer, as the case may be, and shall
be binding upon the issuer of any such stock or other securities, including, in
the case of any such transfer, the person acquiring all or substantially all of
the properties or assets of the Company, whether or not such person shall have
expressly assumed the terms of this Warrant as provided in Section 4. In the
event this Warrant does not continue in full force and effect after the
consummation of the transaction described in this Section 3, then only in such
event will the Company's securities and property (including cash, where
applicable) receivable by the holders of the Warrants be delivered to the
Trustee as contemplated by Section 3.2.

                  3.4. Share Issuance. Except for the Excepted Issuances as
described in Section 11 of the Subscription Agreement, if the Company at any
time shall issue any shares of Common Stock prior to the complete exercise of
this Warrant for a consideration less than the Purchase Price that would be in
effect at the time of such issue, then, and thereafter successively upon each
such issue, the Purchase Price shall be reduced as follows: (i) the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue (calculated
on a fully-diluted basis, as if all convertible securities were converted and
all outstanding warrants and options were exercised) shall be multiplied by the
Purchase Price in effect at the time of such issue and the product shall be
added to the aggregate consideration, if any, received by the Company upon such
issue of additional shares of Common Stock; and (ii) the sum so obtained shall
be divided by the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after
such issue. The resulting quotient shall be the adjusted Purchase Price. For
purposes of this adjustment, the issuance of any security of the Company
carrying the right to convert such security into shares of Common Stock or of
any warrant, right or option to purchase Common Stock shall result in an
adjustment to the Purchase Price upon the issuance of shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of such conversion or purchase rights.

         4. Extraordinary Events Regarding Common Stock. In the event that the
Company shall (a) issue additional shares of the Common Stock as a dividend or
other distribution on outstanding Common Stock, (b) subdivide its outstanding
shares of Common Stock, or (c) combine its outstanding shares of the Common
Stock into a smaller number of shares of the Common Stock, then, in each such
event, the Purchase Price shall, simultaneously with the happening of such
event, be adjusted by multiplying the then Purchase Price by a fraction, the
numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to such event and the denominator of which shall be the number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the
product so obtained shall thereafter be the Purchase Price then in effect. The
Purchase Price, as so adjusted, shall be readjusted in the same manner upon the
happening of any successive event or events described herein in this Section 4.
The number of shares of Common Stock that the holder of this Warrant shall
thereafter, on the exercise hereof as provided in Section 1, be entitled to
receive shall be increased to a number determined by multiplying the number of
shares of Common Stock that would otherwise (but for the provisions of this
Section 4) be issuable on such exercise by a fraction of which (a) the numerator
is the Purchase Price that would otherwise (but for the provisions of this
Section 4) be in effect, and (b) the denominator is the Purchase Price in effect
on the date of such exercise.

                                       4

<PAGE>

         5. Certificate as to Adjustments. In each case of any adjustment or
readjustment in the shares of Common Stock (or Other Securities) issuable on the
exercise of the Warrants, the Company at its expense will promptly cause its
Chief Financial Officer or other appropriate designee to compute such adjustment
or readjustment in accordance with the terms of the Warrant and prepare a
certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail
the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, including a
statement of (a) the consideration received or receivable by the Company for any
additional shares of Common Stock (or Other Securities) issued or sold or deemed
to have been issued or sold, (b) the number of shares of Common Stock (or Other
Securities) outstanding or deemed to be outstanding, and (c) the Purchase Price
and the number of shares of Common Stock to be received upon exercise of this
Warrant, in effect immediately prior to such adjustment or readjustment and as
adjusted or readjusted as provided in this Warrant. The Company will forthwith
mail a copy of each such certificate to the holder of the Warrant and any
Warrant agent of the Company (appointed pursuant to Section 11 hereof).

         6. Reservation of Stock, etc. Issuable on Exercise of Warrant;
Financial Statements. The Company will at all times reserve and keep available,
solely for issuance and delivery on the exercise of the Warrants, all shares of
Common Stock (or Other Securities) from time to time issuable on the exercise of
the Warrant. This Warrant entitles the holder hereof to receive copies of all
financial and other information distributed or required to be distributed to the
holders of the Company's Common Stock.

         7. Assignment; Exchange of Warrant. Subject to compliance with
applicable Securities laws, this Warrant, and the rights evidenced hereby, may
not be transferred by any registered holder hereof except upon the prior written
consent of the Company, which may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion
of the company, and if granted, subject to compliance with applicable Securities
laws.

         8. Replacement of Warrant. On receipt of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of
this Warrant and, in the case of any such loss, theft or destruction of this
Warrant, on delivery of an indemnity agreement or security reasonably
satisfactory in form and amount to the Company or, in the case of any such
mutilation, on surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company at its
expense will execute and deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Warrant of like tenor.

         9. Stock Purchase Agreement. This Warrant is issued pursuant to the
Capital Stock Purchase Agreement into by the Company and Investor at or prior to
the issue date of this Warrant. The terms of the Capital Stock Purchase
Agreement are incorporated herein by this reference.

         10. Warrant Agent. The Company may, by written notice to the each
holder of the Warrant, appoint an agent for the purpose of issuing Common Stock
(or Other Securities) on the exercise of this Warrant pursuant to Section 1,
exchanging this Warrant pursuant to Section 7, and replacing this Warrant
pursuant to Section 8, or any of the foregoing, and thereafter any such
issuance, exchange or replacement, as the case may be, shall be made at such
office by such agent.

                                       5

<PAGE>

         11. Transfer on the Company's Books. Until this Warrant is transferred
on the books of the Company, the Company may treat the registered holder hereof
as the absolute owner hereof for all purposes, notwithstanding any notice to the
contrary.

         12. Notices, etc. All notices and other communications from the Company
to the holder of this Warrant shall be mailed by first class registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid, at such address as may have been furnished to
the Company in writing by such holder or, until any such holder furnishes to the
Company an address, then to, and at the address of, the last holder of this
Warrant who has so furnished an address to the Company.

         13. Miscellaneous. This Warrant and any term hereof may be changed,
waived, discharged or terminated only by an instrument in writing signed by the
party against which enforcement of such change, waiver, discharge or termination
is sought. This Warrant shall be construed and enforced in accordance with and
governed by the laws of Rhode Island without regard to principles of conflicts
or choice of law that would defer to the substantive laws of another
jurisdiction. Any dispute relating to this Warrant shall be adjudicated in Rhode
Island. The headings in this Warrant are for purposes of reference only, and
shall not limit or otherwise affect any of the terms hereof. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or
enforceability of any other provision.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this Warrant under seal as of
the date first written above.

                                            ICOA, INC.



                                          By:___________________________________
                                             Erwin Vahlsing, Jr.
                                             Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer


Witness:


- ------------------------------

                                       6

<PAGE>

                              FORM OF SUBSCRIPTION
                   (To be signed only on exercise of Warrant)


TO:      ICOA, Inc.

         The undersigned, the holder of the within Warrant,  hereby  irrevocably
elects to exercise this Warrant for,   and  to  purchase   thereunder,   shares
of  Common   Stock  (the   "Shares")   of  ICOA,   Inc.,  a  Nevada corporation
(the  "Company")  and  herewith  makes  payment  of  $   _____________therefore,
and  requests  that the   certificates   for   such   Shares   be   issued   in
the   name   of  and   delivered   to   _______   whose address is ___________.

         The undersigned hereby represents and warrants to and agrees with the
Company that:

         The undersigned has been furnished the Company's Form SB-2 registration
statement under file number 333-115273 which was declared effective by the
Commission on June 7, 2004 together with all Forms 10-Q or 10-QSB, as
applicable, and all Forms 10-K or 10-KSB, as applicable, filed with the
Commission after May 31, 2004, and other publicly available filings made with
the Commission. In addition, the undersigned has received from the Company such
other written information concerning its operations, financial condition and
other matters as the undersigned has requested, and considered all factors the
undersigned deems material in deciding on the advisability of investing in the
Shares.

         The undersigned is an "accredited investor", as such term is defined in
Regulation D promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "1933 Act"), is experienced in investments and business matters,
has made investments of a speculative nature and has purchased securities of
United States publicly-owned companies in private placements in the past and,
with its representatives, has such knowledge and experience in financial, tax
and other business matters as to enable the undersigned to utilize the
information made available by the Company to evaluate the merits and risks of
and to make an informed investment decision with respect to the proposed
purchase of the Shares, which represents a speculative investment. The
undersigned has the authority and is duly and legally qualified to purchase and
own the Shares. The undersigned is able to bear the risk of such investment for
an indefinite period and to afford a complete loss thereof.

         The undersigned purchases the Shares for its own account and not with a
view to any distribution thereof.

         The undersigned understands and agrees that the Shares have not been
registered under the 1933 Act, by reason of their issuance in a transaction that
does not require registration under the 1933 Act (based in part on the accuracy
of the representations and warranties of undersigned contained herein), and that
such Shares must be held unless a subsequent disposition is registered under the
1933 Act or is exempt from such registration.

                                       7

<PAGE>

         The Shares shall bear the following legend:

                  "THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
                  REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED OR
                  UNDER APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THESE SHARES MAY NOT
                  BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE
                  ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SUCH
                  SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR
                  AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO ICOA, INC.
                  THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED."

         The offer to sell the Shares was directly communicated to the
undersigned. At no time was the undersigned presented with or solicited by any
leaflet, newspaper or magazine article, radio or television advertisement, or
any other form of general advertising or solicited or invited to attend a
promotional meeting otherwise than in connection and concurrently with such
communicated offer.

         The undersigned represents and warrants that all offers and sales by
the undersigned of the Shares shall be made pursuant to registration of the
Common Stock under the 1933 Act or pursuant to an exemption from registration
under the 1933 Act.

         The undersigned represents that the foregoing representations and
warranties are true and correct as of the date hereof. The foregoing
representations and warranties shall survive the date hereof.


Dated:___________________

                                     ___________________________________________
                                     (Signature  must  conform to name of holder
                                     as specified on the face of the Warrant)

                                     ___________________________________________
                                     (Address)


                                       8

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
