
COMPANY PRESS RELEASE

      MICROSOFT CONSULTING SERVICES ISSUES WORK ORDER TO THE PROJECT GROUP FOR
      SERVICES IN 2005

HOUSTON, TEXAS - Thursday, December 16, 2004 - The Project Group, Inc.
(OTC-BB:PJTG) announced today Microsoft Consulting Services has issued a work
order for $704,000 in PJTG services starting January 1, 2005. The services
provided under this agreement are in support of Microsoft initiatives focusing
primarily on Project Management using Microsoft Project Server software.

Ray McCoppin, Vice President of PJTG, commented "The PJTG Team has been
diligently earning its reputation for exceeding expectations with major
Microsoft Clients, this Work Order is a very substantial indication of the value
of our project management and collaboration solutions."


ABOUT THE PROJECT GROUP

The Project Group (PJTG: OTC BB) is a Microsoft Gold Certified Partner in
Business Intelligence and Information Worker Solutions, specializing in project
management and collaboration, that provides enterprise-level business solutions
to Oil & Gas, Financial Services, Retail, Hospitality and Pharmaceutical
industries. The Company's business performance solutions center on Business
Intelligence, Workflow & Collaboration, and Enterprise Project and Portfolio
Management supporting Microsoft Office tools. The Project Group provides project
management, collaboration, and Sarbanes Oxley focused consulting services to
many Fortune 1000 organizations, including Halliburton, Microsoft and several of
the largest Oil and Gas Companies in the world. PJTG was founded in 2001, and is
headquartered in Houston, Texas.

Contact:
     The Project Group, Inc., Houston
     Craig Crawford, 281-445-3333


     Osprey Partners
     Mike Mulshine, 732-292-0982
     ir@projectgroup.com


FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS:
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Investors are cautioned that these
forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that could cause
actual performance and results of operations to differ materially from those
anticipated by these statements. These risks and uncertainties include issues
related to the ability to: obtain sufficient funding to continue operations,
maintain adequate cash flow, profitably exploit new opportunities, and the
unpredictable nature of business risks; as well as other factors set forth in
the Company's most recently filed SEC reports. The forward-looking statements
contained herein represent the Company's judgment as of the date of this release
and it cautions readers not to place undue reliance on such statements. The
Company assumes no obligation to update the statements contained in this
release.

                                       ###

