

                                                             POST OFFICE BOX 787
                                                              LEBANON, TENNESSEE
                                                                      37088-0787
[CBRL GROUP Inc. logo]                                        PHONE 615.443.9869
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CBRL GROUP, INC.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                                Contact:  Lawrence E. White
                                                          Senior Vice President/
                                                          Finance and Chief
                                                          Financial Officer
                                                          (615) 443-9869


          CBRL GROUP, INC. REPORTS DECEMBER SALES AND UPDATES EARNINGS
                            GUIDANCE FOR FISCAL 2005

LEBANON,  Tenn. (December 28, 2004) -- CBRL Group, Inc. (the "Company") (NASDAQ:
CBRL) today  reported  comparable  store sales for the  four-week  period ending
December  24, 2004.  It also  updated its  earnings  guidance for fiscal 2005 to
reflect  implementation  of a change in accounting for contingently  convertible
debt under Emerging  Issues Task Force (EITF) Issue No. 04-8,  which will become
effective for the Company's  second fiscal  quarter.  Apart from the  accounting
change, the Company would be reaffirming its most recent guidance for the second
quarter and full year.

     The Company  reported that comparable  store  restaurant sales for the four
weeks  ending  Friday,  December  24,  2004 in its  Cracker  Barrel Old  Country
Store(R)  ("Cracker  Barrel") units were up 7.3% from the comparable period last
year, with an approximately 4.0% higher average check,  including  approximately
3.4% higher menu  pricing.  Cracker  Barrel  comparable  store  retail  sales in
December were down 1.5%.  Comparable  restaurant sales in the Company's  Logan's
Roadhouse(R)  restaurants in December were up 7.0%, with an  approximately  4.0%
higher  average check,  including  approximately  3.2% higher menu pricing.  The
Company noted that restaurant  sales were affected  favorably in December by the
shift in timing of the  Christmas  holiday  from  fiscal  December  last year to
fiscal January this year. The Company estimated that comparable store restaurant
sales were increased by approximately  2.5-3.5% at Cracker Barrel and Logan's as
a result of this shift.  Comparable  store  retail  sales were  increased  by an
estimated  3.5-4.5%  by the holiday  shift and a stronger  effect than last year
from three employee appreciation days in December.

     The  Company  urges  caution  in  considering  its  current  trends and the
earnings guidance  disclosed in this press release.  The restaurant  industry is
highly competitive,  and trends and guidance are subject to numerous factors and
influences, some of which are discussed in the cautionary language at the end of
this press release.  The Company  disclaims any  obligation to update  disclosed
information  on trends or targets  other than in its  periodic  filings on Forms
10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

     The Company updated its guidance for the second fiscal quarter and the full
fiscal year of 2005 to reflect  implementation of EITF 04-8. As discussed in the
Company's November 18, 2004 press release announcing first-quarter results, EITF
04-8,  which was recently issued by the Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board,
requires that  "if-converted"  accounting be used for  contingently  convertible
debt regardless of whether the  contingency  allowing debt holders to convert is
met. As a result of the rule change,  the Company is required,  beginning in the

                                     -MORE-


<PAGE>

CBRL Reports December Sales and Updates Earnings Guidance
Page 2
December 28, 2004
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

second  quarter of fiscal 2005,  to include approximately 4.6  million shares in
its diluted  shares outstanding related to  its convertible debt,  and to deduct
from net income the interest and financing  cost  associated  with this debt, in
calculating  diluted  net income  per share.  The  Company is also  required  to
restate certain prior-period results to reflect the change. A table was provided
in the November 18, 2004 press release showing  restated  diluted net income per
share for the full  fiscal  years of 2002,  2003 and 2004,  and each  quarter of
fiscal 2004 and the first quarter of fiscal 2005.  The change in accounting  has
no effect on the Company's results of operations,  financial condition, or terms
of its convertible  debt, but rather only affects the computation of diluted net
income per share.

     The  Company's  present  guidance  for diluted net income per share for the
second quarter of fiscal 2005,  which ends January 28, 2005, is for a percentage
increase up to the low double digits compared to the restated $0.54 per share in
the second  quarter  of last year.  For the full  year,  the  Company  presently
expects a percentage  increase in diluted net income per share in the  mid-teens
above the restated $2.20 in fiscal 2004 (excluding a settlement  charge taken in
the  fourth  quarter of last  year).  As  previously  disclosed,  the  Company's
guidance  includes  the  effect of the  accounting  change by which the  Company
presently  expects  diluted net income per share to be reduced by  approximately
three cents in each of the second and third quarters,  approximately  five cents
in the fourth quarter and approximately 15 cents for the full fiscal year.

     Headquartered in Lebanon,  Tennessee,  CBRL Group, Inc.  presently operates
514 Cracker  Barrel Old Country Store  restaurants  and gift shops located in 41
states and 118 company-operated and 21 franchised Logan's Roadhouse  restaurants
in 18 states.

     Except for specific historical  information,  many of the matters discussed
in  this  press  release  may  express  or  imply  projections  of  revenues  or
expenditures,  statements  of plans  and  objectives  or  future  operations  or
statements of future economic  performance.  These,  and similar  statements are
forward-looking  statements concerning matters that involve risks, uncertainties
and other factors which may cause the actual performance of CBRL Group, Inc. and
its  subsidiaries  to differ  materially from those expressed or implied by this
discussion. All forward-looking  information is provided by the Company pursuant
to the safe harbor  established under the Private  Securities  Litigation Reform
Act  of  1995  and  should  be  evaluated  in  the  context  of  these  factors.
Forward-looking   statements   generally   can  be  identified  by  the  use  of
forward-looking   terminology  such  as  "assumptions,"   "target,"  "guidance,"
"outlook,"  "plans,"  "projection,"  "may," "will," "would," "expect," "intend,"
"estimate,"  "anticipate," "believe," "potential" or "continue" (or the negative
or other  derivatives  of each of these terms) or similar  terminology.  Factors
which could materially  affect actual results  include,  but are not limited to:
the effects of uncertain  consumer  confidence  or general or regional  economic
weakness on sales and customer  travel  activity;  the ability of the Company to
identify,   acquire  and  sell  successful  new  lines  of  retail  merchandise;
commodity,  workers'  compensation,  group health and utility price changes; the
effects of plans  intended to improve  operational  execution  and  performance;
competitive marketing and operational initiatives;  the availability and cost of
acceptable  sites for  development  and the  Company's  ability to identify such
sites; the effects of increased competition at Company locations on sales and on
labor recruiting, cost, and retention; the ability of and cost to the Company to
recruit, train, and retain qualified restaurant hourly and management employees;
consumer  behavior  based on concerns over  nutritional or safety aspects of the
Company's  products or restaurant food in general;  changes in or implementation
of additional governmental or regulatory rules, regulations and interpretations

                                     -MORE-

<PAGE>

CBRL Reports December Sales and Updates Earnings Guidance
Page 3
December 28, 2004
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

affecting accounting,  tax, wage and hour matters, health and safety,  pensions,
insurance or other undeterminable  areas;  practical or psychological effects of
terrorist acts or war and military or government  responses;  disruptions to the
Company's  restaurant or retail supply chain;  changes in foreign exchange rates
affecting the Company's future retail inventory  purchases;;  the actual results
of pending or threatened litigation or governmental investigations and the costs
and effects of negative publicity  associated with these activities;  changes in
accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in the United  States of America or
changes in capital market  conditions that could affect valuations of restaurant
companies  in general or the  Company's  goodwill in  particular;  increases  in
construction costs;  changes in interest rates affecting the Company's financing
costs;  and other factors  described from time to time in the Company's  filings
with the SEC, press releases, and other communications.

                                       ###







