


FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                               Contact: Lesley A. Mobbs
                                                             Legal Manager
                                                             310-535-4122


    MERISEL SIGNS AGREEMENTS TO PURCHASE COLOR EDGE, INC., COLOR EDGE VISUAL,
         INC. AND PHOTOBITION NEW YORK, INC., AND COMP 24, LLC

LONG BEACH,  Calif.  (December  28, 2004) - Merisel,  Inc.  (OTC:MSEL.PK)  today
announced that it has signed a definitive purchase agreement to acquire, through
a wholly owned  subsidiary,  substantially all of the assets of Color Edge, Inc.
(CE). CE is a New York based commercial photographic and digital imaging company
that provides custom, made-to-order products for professional photographers from
the fashion,  retail and editorial worlds. The purchase price will be $3,000,000
in cash and an additional amount of up to approximately  $2,000,000 over a three
year period  commencing  January 1, 2005  provided  CE's EBITDA,  net of capital
expenditures,  exceeds certain agreed upon thresholds. For the nine month period
ended  September  30,  2004,  CE's  internally   prepared  pro  forma  financial
statements  indicate  that it had revenues of  approximately  $16.1  million and
operating income of  approximately  $2.0 million.  The financial  results for CE
have not been audited and its results may change  significantly  upon completion
of an audit of such financial statements.

The Company has signed a definitive  purchase  agreement  to acquire,  through a
wholly owned  subsidiary,  substantially all of the assets of each of Color Edge
Visual,  Inc., and its  wholly-owned  subsidiary,  Photobition  New York,  Inc.,
(collectively,  "CEV"). CEV is a New York based commercial graphic communication
and imaging  company that provides  digital  retouching  services,  large format
digital   photographic   output,   inkjet   and   digital   printing   services,
photo-finishing  and  exhibits  and display  solutions.  The  purchase  price is
$23,344,500  in cash and the  Company  will pay an  additional  amount  of up to
approximately  $3,400,000  for a three year  period  commencing  January 1, 2005
provided CEV's EBITDA, net of capital expenditures,  exceeds certain agreed upon
thresholds. For the nine month period ended September 30, 2004, CEV's internally
prepared  pro  forma  financial  statements  indicate  that it had  revenues  of
approximately  $25.5 million and operating income of approximately $3.5 million.
The financial  results for CEV, which include  Photobition's  results,  have not
been  audited and its results may change  significantly  upon  completion  of an
audit of such financial statements.

The Company has signed a definitive  purchase  agreement  to acquire,  through a
wholly owned subsidiary, substantially all of the assets of Comp 24, LLC, ("Comp
24").  Comp  24 is a New  York  based  commercial  prototype  company  providing
consumer products companies with prototypes,  samples, props and color corrected
packaging  and  end-to-end  services,  such as file  editing,  film  separation,
printing,  air brushing,  die cutting, foil stamping,  embossing and lamination.
The purchase price is $11,209,528 in cash and the Company will pay an additional
amount of up to $1,630,932  for a three year period  commencing  January 1, 2005
provided Comp 24's EBITDA, net of capital  expenditures,  exceeds certain agreed
upon thresholds.  The Company,  through its indirectly wholly-owned  subsidiary,
also would  assume  certain  obligations  for borrowed  money and capital  lease
obligations  of Comp 24 in the  approximate  amount of $1.0  million  plus trade
accruals  and  trade  payables  of Comp 24.  For the  nine  month  period  ended
September 30, 2004, Comp 24's internally prepared pro forma financial statements
indicate that it had revenues of approximately $8.2 million and operating income
of approximately  $2.2 million.  The financial results for Comp 24 have not been
audited and its results may change  significantly upon completion of an audit of
such financial statements.

<PAGE>

With respect to the purchase  agreements between the Company and each of CEV and
CE only, the Company,  through its indirectly wholly-owned  subsidiaries,  would
assume certain  obligations for borrowed money and capital lease  obligations of
CE and CEV combined in the approximate aggregate amount of $9,000,000 plus trade
accruals and trade payables of CE and CEV combined.  Additionally,  with respect
to the purchase  agreement with CEV only, the Company would also be obligated to
reimburse  CEV in an amount up to  $2,000,000  for tax  liabilities  incurred by
CEV's  shareholders as a result of structuring the sale of CEV's business to the
Company as an asset sale rather than a sale of CEV's capital stock.

The aggregate cash  consideration to be paid to each of CE, CEV and Comp 24 will
be  subject to  adjustment  based on the  difference,  if any,  between  the net
working  capital of each  company at closing  and  certain  agreed  upon  target
amounts. A portion of the cash consideration payable to each target company will
be held in escrow  until the earlier of the  completion  of the fiscal  year-end
audit for each of CE, CEV and Comp 24 for 2004 and 2005 and May 15, 2006.

These  transactions  are  expected  to  close  during  the  first  half of 2005.
Consummation of the acquisitions contemplated by each of the purchase agreements
remain subject to a number of closing conditions,  including receipt of consents
to  the  assignment  of  material  contracts,   renegotiation  of  assumed  debt
obligations,  completion  of  satisfactory  due  diligence,  receipt  of certain
audited financial statements, delivery of agreements and documents referenced in
the  disclosures  schedules and the  satisfaction  or waiver of other  customary
closing conditions.  Each of the purchase agreements may be terminated by either
party in the event that the closing  conditions set forth therein are not waived
or satisfied by the parties in accordance  with their terms on or prior to March
31,  2005.  There  can be no  assurance  that  the  closing  conditions  will be
satisfied or that some or all of these transactions will be consummated.


The closing of the transactions contemplated by the purchase agreement with Comp
24 is not contingent upon the consummation of the CE or CEV transactions.

This press  release  contains  forward-looking  statements  regarding  Merisel's
acquisition of the assets of CE, CEV and Comp 24. Although Merisel believes that
the  expectations  reflected  in  any  of  its  forward-looking  statements  are
reasonable,  actual  results  could differ  materially  from those  projected or
assumed.  Among the factors that could impact  actual  results of Merisel or CE,
CEV or Comp 24 the  success in  combining  companies,  the ability to respond to
technological  changes,  the fluctuations in economic conditions and competition
in the digital imaging services market. Risk factors with respect to each of the
companies'  businesses  are further  discussed in the Current Report on Form 8-K
filed  on  December  28,  2004.  Merisel  does not  intend,  and  undertakes  no
obligation,  to update its forward-looking  statements to reflect future events,
circumstances or otherwise.

Visit Merisel at www.merisel.com.

                                   # # #


