
                                  EXHIBIT 10.1

                             C O N F I D E N T I A L




                              TRANSACTION DOCUMENT
                (All Cash Reverse Triangular Merger Transaction)




                                      ****


<PAGE>


                                MERGER AGREEMENT

                                      AMONG

                           BOK FINANCIAL CORPORATION,


                      BOKF MERGER CORPORATION NUMBER EIGHT,


                          VALLEY COMMERCE BANCORP LTD.

                                       AND

                              VALLEY COMMERCE BANK

                                     * * * *

                       Agreement Date of December 20, 2004


<PAGE>


                            INDEX TO MERGER AGREEMENT
                 Section                                                 Page
                 -------                                                 ----
1.    Purpose of this Merger Agreement.....................................1
2.    The Merger...........................................................2
3.    Effect of the Merger.................................................4
4.    Representations and Warranties of VCB ...............................5
5.    Representations and Warranties of BOKF and Merger Corp..............18
6.    Covenants...........................................................21
7.    Conditions Precedent to Closing by BOKF and Merger Corp.............35
8.    Conditions Precedent to Closing by VCB and Bank ....................38
9.    Closing.............................................................39
10.   Exchange Procedures; Surrender of Certificates; Paying Agent........43
11.   Escrow..............................................................46
12.   Shareholder Representative..........................................48
13.   ESI Escrow..........................................................51
14.   Termination.........................................................55
15.   Miscellaneous Provisions............................................58

           Exhibit Caption                                      Exhibit Number
           ---------------                                      --------------
Options and Rights                                                     4.3
Agreements                                                             4.4
Agreements                                                             4.6
Conduct of Business Exceptions                                         4.7
Material Contracts and Commitments                                     4.9
Exception to Performance Representation                                4.9.2
Litigation                                                             4.10
Employee Contracts and Benefit Plans                                   4.15
Regulatory Commitment                                                  4.20
Employee Payments, Agreements and Benefits                             6.3.7
Form of Agreement to Vote Shares                                       6.4
VCB Opinion of Counsel                                                 7.6
BOKF Opinion of Counsel                                                8.3
Employment Agreements and Claims                                       9.1.8
Form of Representation Escrow Agreement                                11
Form of ESI Escrow Agreement                                           13


<PAGE>

                                MERGER AGREEMENT

     This merger  agreement  ("Merger  Agreement" or  "Agreement") is made as of
December  20, 2004 (the  "Agreement  Date")  among the  following  parties  (the
"Parties"): (i) BOK Financial Corporation, an Oklahoma corporation, ("BOKF");

     (ii) BOKF Merger  Corporation  Number Eight, an Oklahoma  corporation and a
     wholly-owned subsidiary of BOKF ("Merger Corp");

     (iii) Valley Commerce Bank ("Bank"); and

     (iv) Valley Commerce Bancorp, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("VCB").

        In consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, the adequacy
of which is hereby expressly acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound
hereby, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Purpose of this Merger Agreement.  The purpose of this Merger Agreement is as
follows:

     1.1. VCB is a bank  holding  company  organized  under the laws of Delaware
     with  offices  in  Phoenix  and  Scottsdale,  Arizona.  VCB is  subject  to
     regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System ("FRB").
     VCB  owns  all  of  the  issued  and  outstanding  capital  stock  of  Bank
     (headquartered  in Phoenix,  Arizona).  The issued and outstanding  capital
     stock of VCB  consists  solely  of a single  class of  2,000,000  shares of
     common  stock of a par value of $0.01 per share of which  1,519,805  shares
     are issued and  outstanding at the Agreement  Date. The common stock of VCB
     issued  and  outstanding  as of the  Closing is  hereafter  called the "VCB
     Common Stock".

     1.2. Valley  Commerce  Capital Trust I (the "Trust") is a subsidiary of VCB
     which was formed for the sole purpose of issuing trust preferred securities
     (the "Trust Preferred Securities").  The Trust Preferred Securities consist
     solely of $5,000,000  floating rate (3 month LIBOR + 2.8%) Cumulative Trust
     Preferred Securities.
<PAGE>
     1.3. Bank is a bank  organized in accordance  with the laws of the State of
     Arizona and subject to regulation by the Arizona State Banking  Department.
     The issued  and  outstanding  capital  stock of Bank  consists  solely of a
     single class of twenty  million  (20,000,000)  of no par value common stock
     ("Bank Common Stock").

     1.4. BOKF is a bank holding  company  organized under the laws of the State
     of Oklahoma. BOKF is subject to regulation by the FRB. BOKF owns all of the
     capital  stock  of  Merger  Corp.  Merger  Corp is a bank  holding  company
     organized  under the laws of the State of Oklahoma.  Merger Corp is subject
     to  regulation  by the FRB.  The issued and  outstanding  capital  stock of
     Merger Corp consists  solely of 1,000 shares of common stock,  par value of
     $1.00 per share, of which 1,000 shares are issued and outstanding.

     1.5.  The  purpose of this Merger  Agreement  is to set forth the terms and
     conditions on which VCB and Merger Corp shall merge.  This Merger Agreement
     shall  constitute  a plan of merger  for  corporate  law  purposes  and for
     federal  income tax purposes  under  Section  368(a)(2)(E)  of the Internal
     Revenue Code.

2. The Merger. On the terms and conditions  hereafter stated,  Merger Corp shall
be merged into VCB (the "Merger").

     2.1. VCB shall be the surviving corporation ("Surviving Corporation").

     2.2. The Articles of  Incorporation of Merger Corp shall be the Articles of
     Incorporation  of the  Surviving  Corporation  until changed as provided by
     law.

     2.3.  The  Bylaws  of Merger  Corp  shall be the  Bylaws  of the  Surviving
     Corporation until changed as provided by law.

     2.4.  The  officers of Merger Corp shall be the  officers of the  Surviving
     Corporation, until changed as provided by law.

<PAGE>

     2.5. The  directors of Merger Corp shall be the  directors of the Surviving
     Corporation until changed as provided by law.

     2.6. The Merger shall be effective at the Closing (as hereafter provided in
     Section 9).

     2.7. Each share of issued and outstanding  VCB Common Stock shall,  subject
     to  appraisal  rights  pursuant  to  Section  262 of the  Delaware  General
     Corporation  Law,  automatically  and without any action on the part of the
     holder thereof, be cancelled and converted solely into the right to receive
     the following (the "Merger Consideration"):

          2.7.1. At Closing, Twenty and 07/100ths dollars ($20.07) (the "Closing
          Payment"); and,

          2.7.2.  At the first  anniversary of the Closing,  Thirty-three  cents
          ($0.33),  which BOKF shall  deposit or cause to be  deposited  into an
          interest  bearing  account  with Bank of  America,  Phoenix,  Arizona,
          Private   Banking  Dept.   (the  "Escrow  Agent")  at  Closing  to  be
          distributed  in  accordance  with the  provisions  of  Section 11 (the
          "Representation Escrow Funds").

          2.7.3.  On the third  anniversary  of the Closing,  Thirty-four  cents
          ($0.34),  which BOKF shall  deposit or cause to be  deposited  into an
          interest-bearing  account  with  the  Escrow  Agent at  Closing  to be
          distributed in accordance  with the provisions of Section 13 (the "ESI
          Escrow Funds").

     2.8. At the Closing,  each  outstanding  option to acquire VCB Common Stock
     (each a "Stock  Option"  and  collectively  the "Stock  Options")  shall be
     automatically  converted  into the right to receive,  in lieu of a share of
     VCB  Common  Stock,  the  Merger  Consideration,  less the  purchase  price
     specified in Stock Option as provided in Section 10.6.

<PAGE>

     2.9.  Notwithstanding  the  provisions  of Section  2.7, all holders of VCB
     Common Stock  perfecting  their appraisal rights pursuant to Section 262 of
     the Delaware General Corporation Law shall have only those rights set forth
     therein.

     2.10.  Each share of common stock of Merger Corp shall,  automatically  and
     without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be converted into one
     share of fully paid and non-assessable share of VCB Common Stock.

3. Effect of the Merger. The Merger shall have the following effects:

     3.1. The corporate  franchise,  existence,  rights and  liabilities  of VCB
     shall continue unaffected and unimpaired.

     3.2. The corporate franchise,  existence,  rights and liabilities of Merger
     Corp shall be merged  into VCB and the  separate  existence  of Merger Corp
     shall cease.

     3.3. VCB shall have and be vested with all of the rights,  powers,  assets,
     property, liabilities and obligations of Merger Corp.

4.  Representations and Warranties of VCB. VCB hereby represents and warrants to
BOKF that:

     4.1.   Incorporation  and  Corporate  Power.  VCB  is  a  corporation  duly
     organized,  validly  existing  and in good  standing  under the laws of the
     State of Delaware.  Bank is a bank duly organized,  validly existing and in
     good standing under the laws of the State of Arizona.  Each of VCB and Bank
     has all the corporate power and authority necessary and required to own its
     properties  and to  conduct  its  business  as such  business  is now being
     conducted.  Each of VCB and Bank  (A) is in  material  compliance  with all
     applicable provisions of all applicable federal,  state and local statutes,
     laws,  regulations,  ordinances and other  requirements of any governmental
     authorities (including,  but not limited to, whether similar or dissimilar,
     the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, the Delaware General Corporation Act,
     the Arizona  Revised  Statutes  Section 6-101 et seq (the "Arizona  Banking
     Code") and the filing of all administrative  reports and the payment of all
     fees) in effect as of the date of this Merger  Agreement,  and (B) shall be
     in material compliance  therewith at the time of Closing. The Trust is duly
     organized and validly existing in accordance with all requirements of law.

<PAGE>

     4.2. Capital.

          4.2.1.  The  VCB  Common  Stock  will,  at  Closing,  consist  only of
          1,519,805  shares  plus only such  shares as shall be duly issued upon
          the exercise of the Stock Options.

          4.2.2.  VCB owns all of the issued and outstanding  Bank Common Stock.
          The Bank Common  Stock is and at the Closing will be all of the issued
          and outstanding capital stock of Bank.

     4.3.  Capitalization  of VCB and Bank. The VCB Common Stock and Bank Common
     Stock are validly issued and outstanding, fully paid and non-assessable.

          4.3.1.  Except as set forth in Exhibit 4.3,  there are no  outstanding
          subscriptions,  conversion  privileges,  calls,  warrants,  options or
          agreements obligating VCB and/or Bank to issue, sell or dispose of, or
          to purchase,  redeem or otherwise  acquire any shares of their capital
          stock (collectively, "options and rights"). At the Closing, there will
          be no outstanding options and rights except the Stock Options.

          4.3.2.  The Stock Options consist of the right to acquire no more than
          53, 810.7 shares of VCB Common Stock.

          4.3.3.  None of the VCB Common  Stock and Bank  Common  Stock has been
          issued or disposed  of, or will as of the Closing  have been issued or
          disposed of, in violation of any preemptive  rights of any shareholder
          nor in  violation  of any  agreement  to which VCB or Bank was or is a
          party.  VCB and Bank have no subsidiaries and do not own, nor have the
          right  or  obligation  to  acquire,   any  equity  securities  of  any
          corporation,  limited  liability  company,  partnership or other legal
          entity except (i) Bank is a subsidiary of VCB and (ii) the Trust.

<PAGE>

     4.4.  Non-Violation of Other Agreements.  Except with respect to any notice
     or consent  requirements  in the  agreements  set forth in Exhibit 4.4, the
     execution and delivery of this Merger  Agreement,  and the compliance  with
     its terms and  provisions  by VCB and Bank  (including  the  execution  and
     delivery of any  document  required to be executed by VCB or Bank) will not
     breach any material  agreement,  lease,  or obligation,  whether similar or
     dissimilar, by which VCB, Bank, or the Trust is bound.

     4.5.  Financial  Statements.  VCB has  delivered  to  BOKF,  or  will  have
     delivered  to  BOKF  prior  to the  Closing  as soon  as  future  financial
     statements are available, copies of the following ("Financial Statements"):

          4.5.1.   Consolidated  Financial  Statements  (Audited)  for  VCB  and
          Subsidiaries,  December  31,  2001,  2002 and 2003;

          4.5.2.  Financial Statements  (Unaudited) for Bank, December 31, 2001,
          2002, and 2003;

          4.5.3. Financial Statements (Unaudited) for VCB and Subsidiaries, June
          30, 2004 and the most recent monthly financial statements available as
          of the Closing; and,

          4.5.4.  Financial  Statements  (Unaudited) for Bank, June 30, 2004 and
          the most recent  monthly  financial  statements as are available as of
          the Closing.  The Financial Statements described in Sections 4.5.1 and
          4.5.2, (a) have been prepared or will have been prepared in accordance
          with generally accepted accounting  principles,  consistently  applied
          and  (b)  fairly  reflect  the  financial  condition  and  results  of
          operations  for  the  indicated  periods.   The  Financial  Statements
          described in Sections 4.5.3 and 4.5.4,  (a) have been prepared or will
          have been prepared in accordance  with generally  accepted  accounting
          principles,  consistently applied and (b) fairly reflect the financial
          condition and results of operations for the indicated periods, subject
          to normal year-end adjustments and omission of footnotes.

<PAGE>

     4.6. Material Liabilities.  Except as set forth in Exhibit 4.6, neither VCB
     nor  Bank has any  liabilities  (including,  but not  limited  to,  whether
     similar or dissimilar, liabilities or obligations for taxes, whether due or
     to become due) that may reasonably involve annual expenditures in excess of
     $25,000 except:

          4.6.1.  Those  fully  reflected  or  reserved  against,  or  otherwise
          disclosed, in the Financial Statements;

          4.6.2.  Those incurred  since June 30, 2004 in the ordinary  course of
          business consistent with past practices;

          4.6.3. Those under the BOKF Employment Agreements; and,

          4.6.4.  Those  specifically  disclosed  in the Exhibits to this Merger
          Agreement.

     4.7.  Conduct of Business Prior to Closing.  Except as set forth in Exhibit
     4.7,  since  December 31, 2003, (A) each of VCB and Bank has carried on its
     business only in the ordinary course  consistent  with past practices,  and
     (B) has not:

          4.7.1. Incurred any material liabilities,  commitments or obligations,
          contingent  or otherwise,  or dispose of any of its assets,  except in
          the ordinary course of its business consistent with past practices and
          for the purpose of carrying on the  business as a going  concern  (for
          the  purpose  of  this  Section  4.7.1,  material  means  that  it may
          reasonably involve annual expenditures of $25,000 or more);

          4.7.2.  Incurred any bank or other  institutional  debt, or enter into
          any agreement for the borrowing of money,  except borrowing of federal
          funds or borrowing from the Federal Home Loan Bank by Bank  consistent
          with past practices;

<PAGE>

          4.7.3.   Suffered  any  material   adverse  change  in  the  financial
          conditions, assets, liabilities,  business or property of VCB taken as
          a whole or of Bank taken as a whole; and/or

          4.7.4.  Made any  material  change in the manner in which  business is
          conducted  (including,  without limitation,  branch relations,  branch
          closings, and any material change in products offered to customers).

          4.7.5. From the date of this Agreement to the date of Closing, VCB and
          Bank will not  voluntarily  take any of the actions  described  in the
          foregoing provisions of Section 4.7.

     4.8. Tax Returns/Reports.

          4.8.1. Each of VCB and Bank has duly filed all tax reports and returns
          required  to be filed by it and has duly  paid  all  taxes  and  other
          charges  claimed to be due from it by federal,  state and local taxing
          authorities.

          4.8.2.  No waivers of the statute of limitation  have been issued with
          respect to unaudited years.

          4.8.3.  VCB and  Bank  have no  knowledge  of any  facts  which  could
          reasonably be expected to result in a material deficiency with respect
          to  unaudited  tax returns  which would  result in a material  adverse
          effect on VCB taken as a whole or Bank taken as a whole.

     4.9. Contracts and Commitments.

<PAGE>

          4.9.1. A list of all contracts and commitments,  other than credit and
          lending,  deposit  or  borrowing  transactions  entered  into  in  the
          ordinary  course of business by VCB or Bank which are  material to the
          business,  operations or financial condition of VCB or Bank as of this
          date,  is set forth on Exhibit  4.9.  For the purpose of Exhibit  4.9,
          materiality  shall mean those contracts and  commitments  (including a
          series of related contracts or commitments) for which payment or other
          consideration to be furnished by any party is more than $25,000 a year
          or $100,000 over the remaining life of the contract.

          4.9.2.  Except as set forth on Exhibit 4.9.2, each of VCB and Bank has
          in all material  respects  performed and is performing all contractual
          and other obligations required to be performed by them.

     4.10. Litigation. Except as set forth in Exhibit 4.10, there is no pending,
     or, to the  knowledge of VCB and Bank  threatened,  any claim,  litigation,
     proceeding,  order of any court or  governmental  agency,  or  governmental
     investigation  or inquiry to which VCB or Bank is a party or which involves
     their business operations,  any of their property or any property leased by
     them which, individually or in the aggregate:

          4.10.1.  May reasonably  result in any material  adverse change in the
          financial  condition,   business,  prospects,  assets,  properties  or
          operations of VCB taken as a whole or Bank taken as a whole; or,

          4.10.2. May reasonably involve the expenditure of more than a total of
          $37,500 in legal fees or costs;

     4.11.  Brokerage Fees.  Except with regard to Sandler O'Neill and Partners,
     neither VCB nor Bank has  incurred or will incur,  directly or  indirectly,
     any liability for brokerage,  finder's, financial advisor's or agent's fees
     or  commissions  by  virtue  of any  commitment  made  by any  of  them  in
     connection  with this  Merger  Agreement  or any  transaction  contemplated
     hereby.

<PAGE>

     4.12.  Required Corporate Action. The execution,  delivery and consummation
     of this Merger Agreement has been duly and validly  authorized by the board
     of  directors  of VCB and will at the time of  Closing  have  been duly and
     validly  authorized  by the  board of  directors  of Bank and,  subject  to
     consummation of the Closing, the shareholders of VCB and Bank in accordance
     with the  requirements  of the  Arizona  Bank Code,  the  Delaware  General
     Corporation Law, and all other applicable law.

     4.13.  Authorized  Execution.  This Merger Agreement has been duly executed
     and  delivered  by duly  authorized  officers of VCB and Bank.  This Merger
     Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding agreement and obligation
     of VCB and Bank,  enforceable  against each of them in accordance  with its
     terms,  except as may be  limited  by  applicable  bankruptcy,  insolvency,
     moratorium,  receivership,  and other similar laws  affecting the rights of
     creditors generally.

     4.14. Title to Assets; Encumbrances. VCB and Bank have good and valid title
     (with respect to real estate, good and valid title shall mean such title as
     may be  insured  on  standard  title  insurance  forms  with no  exceptions
     materially and adversely affecting the value or use of the fee real estate)
     to their  assets,  and in each case subject to no mortgage,  pledge,  lien,
     security interest,  conditional sale agreement, or other encumbrance of any
     nature whether similar or dissimilar, except:

          4.14.1.  Such encumbrances which are purchase money security interests
          entered into in the ordinary  course of business  consistent with past
          practice reflected on their books and records;

          4.14.2.  Lessors'  interests  in  leased  tangible  real and  personal
          property reflected on their books and records;

          4.14.3.  Such  encumbrances  for taxes and assessments not yet due and
          payable;

          4.14.4.  Encumbrances  as do not materially  detract from the value or
          interfere with the use or operation of the asset subject thereto as it
          is currently used; and,

<PAGE>

          4.14.5.  Repossessed and foreclosed assets acquired in satisfaction of
          debt previously contracted.

     4.15. Employees. Except as set forth on Exhibit 4.15, none of the employees
     of VCB and Bank is employed under any employment contract (oral or written)
     or is the  beneficiary  of any  compensation  plan (oral or  written) or is
     entitled  to any  payment  from  VCB and  Bank  by  reason  of this  Merger
     Agreement or the Merger and there are no employment  contracts,  management
     contracts,   consulting  agreements,  union  contracts,  labor  agreements,
     pension plans,  profit sharing plans or employee benefit plans to which VCB
     or Bank are a party or by which either of them is bound.

     4.16. Environmental Laws. The existence, use and operation of the assets of
     VCB and Bank are in material compliance with all applicable statutes, rules
     and  regulations   including,   without  limiting  the  generality  of  the
     foregoing,  all  environmental  and  zoning  laws  and the  Americans  With
     Disabilities   Act.   Notwithstanding   the  foregoing,   with  respect  to
     repossessed  and foreclosed  assets  acquired in  satisfaction of debt, the
     representation  and warranty in this Section 4.16 is made to the  knowledge
     of VCB and Bank.

     4.17.  Loan  Portfolio.  Except  as to any  breach  that  would  not have a
     material  adverse effect on the financial  condition of Bank, (i) all loans
     and discounts  shown on the Financial  Statements  were and will be made in
     all material respects for good, valuable and adequate  consideration in the
     ordinary course of Bank's business,  in accordance in all material respects
     with sound  banking  practices,  and are not subject to any material  known
     defenses,  setoffs or counterclaims,  including without limitation any such
     as are  afforded  by  usury  or truth in  lending  laws,  except  as may be
     provided by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws or by general principles
     of equity;  (ii) the notes or other  evidences of  indebtedness  evidencing
     such  loans  and all  forms of  pledges,  mortgages  and  other  collateral
     documents  and  security  agreements  are  and  will  be,  in all  material
     respects, enforceable, valid, true and genuine and what they purport to be;
     and (iii) Bank has  complied and will prior to the Closing Date comply with
     all laws and regulations relating to such loans, or to the extent there has
     not been  such  compliance,  such  failure  to comply  will not  materially
     interfere with the collection of any such loan.

<PAGE>

     4.18.  Zoning and Related Laws. All real property owned or leased by VCB or
     Bank and the use thereof  complies with all  applicable  laws,  ordinances,
     regulations,   orders  or  requirements,   including  without   limitation,
     building,  zoning and other laws,  except as to any violations  which would
     not have a material adverse affect on the financial condition of VCB and/or
     Bank.

     4.19.  Compliance  with Law.  Bank and VCB have all  licenses,  franchises,
     permits and other governmental  authorizations that are legally required to
     enable them to conduct their  business in all material  respects and are in
     compliance with all applicable  laws and  regulations  except to the extent
     that the failure to so comply could not have a material  adverse  effect on
     Bank or VCB. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, VCB and Bank
     have at all times  maintained  their  employee  benefit  plans in  material
     compliance  with the  Internal  Revenue  Code and the  Employee  Retirement
     Income Security Act and all applicable  rules and  regulations  promulgated
     pursuant thereto. All data and reports respecting the VCB and Bank employee
     benefit plans provided to BOKF are complete and materially correct.

     4.20.  Agreements with Regulatory Agencies.  Except as described on Exhibit
     4.20,  neither  Bank nor VCB is  subject to any  cease-and-desist  or other
     order  issued by, or a party to any  written  agreement  or  memorandum  of
     understanding  with or is a  party  to any  commitment  letter  or  similar
     undertaking to, or is subject to any order or directive,  or is a recipient
     of any  extraordinary  supervisory  letter  from,  or has adopted any board
     resolutions  at  the  request  of  (each  a  "Regulatory   Agreement")  any
     regulatory agency that materially  restricts the conduct of its business or
     that in any manner relates to its capital  adequacy,  its credit  policies,
     its  management  or its  business,  nor has Bank or VCB been advised by any
     regulatory  agency  that  it  is  considering  issuing  or  requesting  any
     Regulatory Agreement.

<PAGE>

     4.21. Intentionally Omitted.

     4.22. Actions From and After December 31, 2003. VCB and Bank have not taken
     any of the  following  actions  from and after  December 31, 2003 until the
     date of this  Agreement  that are prohibited to be taken from and after the
     date of this  Agreement by the  provisions  of Section 6.3 (except  Section
     6.3.1):

          4.22.1.  VCB  has  paid  no  dividends  except:  o Cash  dividends  of
          $3,045,561.75 declared in December,  2003 and paid in January, 2004; o
          Cash  dividends of $40,607.49  declared in December,  2003 and paid in
          February, 2004; o Cash dividends of $40,714.32 declared in April, 2004
          and paid in May, 2004; o 5% stock dividend declared in April, 2004 and
          paid in May,  2004  including  cash of  $1,524  in lieu of  fractional
          shares; o Cash dividends of $42,796.29 declared in July, 2004 and paid
          in August 2004.

          4.22.2. From and after June 30, 2004, except as otherwise disclosed in
          the  Exhibits  to this  Agreement,  VCB has  made  no  changes  in the
          compensation of any employees other than  non-material  cost of living
          and merit adjustments consistent with past practices.

     4.23.  Survival and  Independence of  Representations  and Warranties.  The
     representations  and  warranties  of VCB  and  Bank  made  in  this  Merger
     Agreement  shall  survive the Closing,  except with respect to a claim of a
     breach of any such  representations  and  warranties  where the  events and
     circumstances of such breach were clear from materials actually provided to
     or obtained by BOKF or Merger  Corp prior to Closing;  provided  BOKF shall
     give notice to the Shareholders  Representative  (as hereafter  defined) of
     any  claim of a breach of any such  representations  and  warranties  on or
     before  the  first  anniversary  of the  Closing  Date (the  "Claim  Notice
     Deadline").  Absent actual fraud,  claims not asserted by BOKF prior to the
     Claim Notice Deadline shall be deemed barred.  Each of the  representations
     and  warranties  of VCB and Bank set forth in this  Merger  Agreement  is a
     separate and independent  representation and warranty,  shall be cumulative
     of and in addition to all other warranties and  representations,  and shall
     not limit or be interpreted to be in derogation of any other representation
     or warranty made herein. Any disclosure made on any Exhibit hereto shall be
     applicable  to the  entire  Agreement  and not just one  representation  or
     warranty.

<PAGE>

     4.24. Knowledge. As used herein, the knowledge of VCB and/or the Bank shall
     mean the knowledge  which any one or more of the Chief  Executive  Officer,
     Chief Financial  Officer,  Chief Operating  Officer,  Chief Credit Officer,
     Chief  Lending  Officer or Chief  Human  Relations  Officer  has or, in the
     reasonable exercise of their respective duties and responsibilities, should
     have knowledge.

5.  Representations and Warranties of BOKF and Merger Corp. BOKF and Merger Corp
represent and warrant, jointly and severally, to VCB that:

     5.1.   Incorporation   and  Corporate  Power.  BOKF  and  Merger  Corp  are
     corporations  duly organized,  validly  existing and in good standing under
     the laws of their respective  states of organization.  BOKF and Merger Corp
     have all the  corporate  power and  authority  necessary  and  required  to
     consummate the transactions contemplated by this Merger Agreement.

     5.2. Non-Violation of Other Agreements.  The execution and delivery of this
     Merger Agreement,  and compliance with its terms and provisions by BOKF and
     Merger Corp and the  execution of any  document  required to be executed by
     BOKF or Merger Corp, will not:

          5.2.1.  Violate,  conflict  with or  result  in the  breach  of  their
          respective  certificates  of  incorporation  or  bylaws  or any of the
          terms,  conditions  or  provisions  of any  agreement or instrument to
          which BOKF or Merger Corp is a party,  or by which BOKF or Merger Corp
          is bound;

          5.2.2.  Result in the  creation  or  imposition  of any lien,  charge,
          encumbrance  or  restriction  of any nature  whatever  upon any of the
          property, contracts or business of BOKF and Merger Corp; or,

          5.2.3.  Require the  consent of any party to a contract  with BOKF and
          Merger Corp in order to keep the contract enforceable.

<PAGE>

     5.3. Required Corporate Action. The execution, delivery and consummation of
     this  Merger  Agreement  by BOKF and Merger  Corp has been duly and validly
     authorized  by the boards of  directors  of BOKF and Merger Corp and, as of
     the Closing, will have been approved by the shareholder of Merger Corp. The
     approval of the shareholders of BOKF is not required. This Merger Agreement
     has been duly  executed and delivered by duly  authorized  officers of BOKF
     and Merger  Corp.  This Merger  Agreement  constitutes  a legal,  valid and
     binding  agreement  and  obligation  of BOKF and  Merger  Corp  enforceable
     against BOKF and Merger Corp in accordance with its terms, except as may be
     limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, receivership, and
     other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally.

     5.4.  Brokerage  Fees.  Neither  BOKF nor Merger Corp has  incurred or will
     incur,  directly or  indirectly,  any  liability for  brokerage,  finder's,
     financial  advisor's  or  agent's  fees or  commissions  by  virtue  of any
     commitment  made by BOKF or Merger  Corp in  connection  with  this  Merger
     Agreement or any transaction  contemplated hereby.  Neither BOKF nor Merger
     Corp has any knowledge that any party has asserted any claim of such nature
     against BOKF or Merger Corp.

     5.5.  Regulatory  Approvals.  Neither  BOKF nor Merger Corp is aware of any
     reasons  relating  to BOKF,  Merger Corp or their  respective  subsidiaries
     (including  CRA  compliance)  why all  regulatory  approvals  necessary  to
     consummate the Merger Agreement will not be timely procured.

     5.6. Legal Proceedings.  There are no actions, suits, claims,  governmental
     investigations  or proceedings  instituted,  pending or to the knowledge of
     BOKF and  Merger  Corp  threatened  against  BOKF or  Merger  Corp that are
     reasonably  likely to have a material  adverse  effect upon BOKF and Merger
     Corp's ability to consummate this Merger Agreement.

     5.7. Financing.  BOKF has and as of the Closing will have,  sufficient cash
     to make the  payment of Merger  Consideration  for each share of VCB Common
     Stock.

<PAGE>

     5.8.  Survival and  Independence of  Representations  and  Warranties.  The
     representations  and warranties of BOKF and Merger Corp made in this Merger
     Agreement shall survive until the first  anniversary of the Closing hereof;
     provided,  however,  the indemnification  obligations of Section 5.9 hereof
     shall survive the Closing  indefinitely.  Each of the  representations  and
     warranties of BOKF and Merger Corp set forth in this Merger  Agreement is a
     separate and independent  representation and warranty,  shall be cumulative
     of and in addition to all other warranties and  representations;  and shall
     not be  interpreted  to be in  derogation  of any other  representation  or
     warranty or limit any other representation or warranty made herein.

     5.9. BOKF and Merger Corp Indemnification; Insurance.

          5.9.1.  BOKF and Merger  Corp shall  indemnify  the present and future
          directors,  officers and  employees of VCB and Bank (the  "Indemnified
          Parties") to the fullest extent to which such Indemnified Parties were
          entitled under the Articles of Incorporation  and Bylaws of VCB and/or
          the Articles of Association  and Bylaws of Bank as in effect as of the
          date hereof.

          5.9.2.  Prior to Closing,  BOKF shall  obtain on a prepaid  basis tail
          insurance coverage for a period of not less than three years after the
          Closing for the acts and  omissions of the  officers and  directors of
          VCB and Bank  occurring  prior to the  Closing  under  VCB and  Bank's
          existing  directors' and officers'  liability insurance policy or tail
          insurance comparable thereto.

6. Covenants.

     6.1.  Full Access.  In order that BOKF shall have the full  opportunity  to
     make such  investigations  as it shall reasonably desire concerning VCB and
     Bank and their business affairs, VCB and Bank shall:

          6.1.1.  Give  BOKF,  its  employees,  counsel,  accountants  and other
          authorized representatives, as necessary to conduct the investigation,
          full access,  upon  reasonable  notice to VCB and at reasonable  times
          without  unduly  interfering  with the  conduct of business by VCB and
          Bank  throughout  the  period  up  to  the  Closing,  to  all  of  the
          facilities, properties, books, contracts and records of VCB and Bank.

<PAGE>

          6.1.2.  Authorize  its  accountants  to give BOKF  full  access to the
          accountants' records, including work papers; and,

          6.1.3.  Furnish to BOKF  throughout  the period up to the  Closing all
          additional financial,  operating and other information  concerning VCB
          and Bank and their business affairs,  as BOKF may reasonably  request.
          All information provided pursuant to this Section 6.1 shall be subject
          to the provisions of Section 6.6.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  VCB
          and Bank  shall  not be  required  to  provide  access  which,  in the
          reasonable  opinion  of VCB  or  Bank,  constitutes  a  waiver  of the
          attorney-client privilege.

     6.2.  Conduct of Business  Prior to the Closing Date.  From this date until
     the  Closing  Date,  each of VCB and  Bank  shall,  except  as may be first
     approved in writing by BOKF (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld,
     delayed or denied) or as is  otherwise  permitted or  contemplated  in this
     Merger Agreement:

          6.2.1. Maintain their corporate existence in good standing;

          6.2.2.  Maintain the general  character of their  business and conduct
          their business in their ordinary and usual manner consistent with past
          practices;

          6.2.3.  Maintain proper business and accounting  records  generally in
          accordance with past practices;

          6.2.4.  Maintain their properties  (except  repossessed and foreclosed
          assets  acquired in satisfaction  of debts  previously  contracted) in
          normal  repair and  condition,  normal wear and tear and damage due to
          fire or other unavoidable casualty excepted;

          6.2.5.  Preserve  their  business   organizations  intact,  use  their
          reasonable  efforts  to  maintain   satisfactory   relationships  with
          suppliers,  customers and others having  business  relations with them
          whose  relationships  they believe are desirable to maintain,  and use
          their  reasonable  efforts to procure  the  willingness  of all of the
          personnel  employed by them immediately prior to the execution of this
          Merger  Agreement who are material to the success of their business to
          continue  in  their  employ  on  substantially   the  same  terms  and
          conditions as those on which such personnel were employed  immediately
          prior to the execution of this Merger Agreement;

<PAGE>

          6.2.6.  Maintain  in full force and  effect  insurance  comparable  in
          amount and in scope of coverage to that now  maintained by them on the
          date hereof;

          6.2.7. Except as otherwise disclosed in this Merger Agreement, perform
          all of their  obligations  under all  material  contracts,  leases and
          agreements  relating to or  affecting  their  assets,  properties  and
          businesses; and,

          6.2.8.   Comply  in  all  material   respects  with  and  perform  all
          obligations  and duties imposed upon them by federal,  state and local
          laws, and all rules,  regulations and orders imposed by federal, state
          or local governmental authorities,  except as may be contested by them
          in good faith by appropriate proceedings.

     6.3. VCB and Bank  Prohibited  Actions Prior to the Closing Date. From this
     date until the Closing  Date,  VCB and Bank shall not,  except as otherwise
     permitted by this Merger  Agreement  or approved by BOKF in writing  (which
     approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or denied):

          6.3.1.  Incur  any  indebtedness  for  borrowed  money  or  incur  any
          noncurrent indebtedness for the purchase price of any fixed or capital
          asset, or make any extension of credit or any loans to,  guarantee the
          obligations  of,  or make any  additional  investments  in,  any other
          person,  corporation or joint venture (whether an existing customer or
          a new customer) except:

               6.3.1.1.  Extensions of credit, loans and guarantees made by Bank
               in  the  usual  and  ordinary  course  of its  banking  business,
               consistent with prior practices and policies,  provided, however,
               that the Bank  shall  not make any new  extensions  of  credit or
               loans  in  excess  of Six  Hundred  Thousand  Dollars  ($600,000)
               without first offering BOKF twenty-four (24) hours advance notice
               to review and consult with the Bank  concerning its  underwriting
               of the loan.

<PAGE>

               6.3.1.2.  Legal  investments  by Bank in the usual  and  ordinary
               course of its banking  business  consistent  with prior practices
               and policies; and

               6.3.1.3.  Borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank, the Federal
               Reserve Bank, deposit liabilities, and federal funds transactions
               by Bank in the ordinary  course of business  consistent with past
               practices.

          6.3.2. Make any (a) material change,  except in the ordinary and usual
          course of business,  in their assets  (including,  but not limited to,
          any change in the composition of such assets so as to materially alter
          the proportion of cash) or  liabilities,  (b) material  commitment for
          any capital  expenditures,  excluding  expenditures for repairs in the
          ordinary  and  usual  course  of  business,   or  (c)  sale  or  other
          disposition of any material capital asset other than for fair value in
          the ordinary course of business;

          6.3.3. Make any change in their Certificate of Incorporation, Articles
          of Incorporation or Bylaws;

          6.3.4. Authorize any shares of their capital stock for issuance, issue
          any shares of any previously  authorized but unissued capital stock or
          grant,  issue or make  any  option  or  commitment  relating  to their
          capital stock;

          6.3.5.  Enter  into any letter of intent or  agreement  to sell any of
          their  material  assets,  except in the normal and ordinary  course of
          their business,  or acquire, be acquired by, or merge,  consolidate or
          reorganize with any person, firm or corporation;

<PAGE>

          6.3.6.  Declare or pay any dividend,  make any other  distribution  or
          payment or set aside any amount for payment with respect to any shares
          of their capital stock or directly or indirectly,  redeem, purchase or
          otherwise  acquire  any  shares  of  their  capital  stock or make any
          commitment relating thereto;

          6.3.7.  Except as set forth in Exhibit 6.3.7, make any (a) increase in
          the  compensation  payable  or to  become  payable  to  any  of  their
          directors,  officers or employees (including,  without limitation, any
          bonus or  incentive  payment or  agreement)  other than normal  annual
          increases  consistent with prior practice,  (b) make or enter into any
          written  employment  contract  or  any  bonus,  stock  option,  profit
          sharing, pension,  retirement or other similar payment or arrangement,
          or (c) make  any  payment  to any  person,  except  in the  usual  and
          ordinary  course of  business  or except as  required  by an  existing
          agreement set forth in the Exhibits hereto; provided, however:

               6.3.7.1.  VCB may (i)  match  for  calendar  year  2004  employee
               contributions  to the VCB 401k plan and 401k profit  sharing plan
               and (ii) pay bonuses for 2004 consistent with prior practices, in
               an amount not exceeding in the aggregate $250,000.

          6.3.8.  Make any  material  change in their  banking,  safe deposit or
          power of  attorney  arrangements  except to the  extent  necessary  to
          comply with applicable laws, regulations, rules or orders;

          6.3.9. Enter into any trust, escrow,  agency and similar trust company
          agreements,  purchase  orders and  contracts  for goods and  services,
          except  in the  ordinary  course  of  business  consistent  with  past
          practices;

          6.3.10.  Enter into any agreement  resulting in the  imposition of any
          mortgage or pledge of their assets or the creation of any lien, charge
          or encumbrance on any of their assets;

<PAGE>

          6.3.11.  Incur any  material  obligation  or  liability,  absolute  or
          contingent,  except in the ordinary  course of business or pursuant to
          existing contracts described in this Merger Agreement;

          6.3.12. Take any action which would prevent compliance with any of the
          conditions of this Merger Agreement; or,

          6.3.13. Pre-pay long term indebtedness.

     6.4.  Shareholder  Meeting. VCB shall take all action necessary to consider
     and vote upon the transactions  contemplated by this Merger Agreement.  The
     Board of  Directors of VCB shall  recommend  that the  shareholders  of VCB
     approve this Merger  Agreement and the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,
     provided,  however,  that nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Board
     of Directors of VCB from  withholding,  withdrawing,  amending or modifying
     its recommendation if the Board of Directors reasonably concludes, upon the
     written opinion of its legal counsel, that such action is required in order
     for the Board of  Directors  to  comply  with its  fiduciary  duties to the
     shareholders  of VCB. As soon as  practicable  after the  execution of this
     Agreement,  Seller shall use its  reasonable  best efforts to cause each of
     its directors to execute an agreement substantially in the form attached as
     Exhibit 6.4 by which each of such  directors  shall  covenant  and agree to
     vote  the  shares  of VCB  Common  Stock  owned  by them in  favor  of this
     Agreement at the shareholder meeting.

     6.5.  Regulatory  Approval.  BOKF shall (A) file within twenty (20) days of
     the date hereof all regulatory applications required in order to consummate
     the Merger,  including  but not limited to the necessary  applications  for
     prior approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal  Reserve System and
     certification  from the  Arizona  State  Banking  Department  as to Arizona
     Revised  Statutes  6-101 et seq.  and to  convert  the  Bank to a  national
     association  in accordance  with the National  Bank Act and (B)  thereafter
     diligently pursue and promptly file any required  supplements or amendments
     thereto.   All   applications,   supplements,   and  amendments   shall  be
     substantially  complete when filed.  BOKF shall promptly deliver to VCB and
     its counsel a copy of all such filings, as filed. Although all such filings
     shall be the  responsibility  of BOKF, BOKF shall  nevertheless  advise and
     consult  with VCB on an ongoing  basis with  respect to the filings and all
     matters and events related thereto. BOKF shall inform and make available to
     VCB  from  time  to  time  all  matters  relating  to the  filings  and the
     regulatory  approvals.   BOKF  shall  diligently  proceed  with  reasonable
     deliberate   speed  to  obtain  all  such  approvals.   If  any  regulatory
     application  required  to be filed by BOKF  should  be  finally  denied  or
     disapproved  by  the  respective  regulatory  authority,  then  BOKF  shall
     immediately  give notice to VCB and this Merger  Agreement  shall thereupon
     terminate.  However,  it  is  understood  that  a  request  for  additional
     information or  undertaking by the applicant,  as a condition for approval,
     shall not be deemed to be a denial or  disapproval so long as the applicant
     can  reasonably  be  expected  to  provide  the  requested  information  or
     undertaking.  In the event an  application  is denied  pending  an  appeal,
     petition for review, or similar such act on the part of the applicant, then
     the  application  will be deemed denied  unless the applicant  promptly and
     diligently  prepares  and files such  appeal and  continues  the  appellate
     process for the purposes of getting the necessary approval.

<PAGE>

     6.6. Confidentiality. Prior to the Closing, BOKF shall keep all information
     disclosed to BOKF and Merger Corp (their employees,  counsel,  accountants,
     and   other   authorized   representatives)   by  VCB  or  Bank  (or  their
     representatives) respecting the business and financial condition of VCB and
     Bank  confidential  and  shall  make no use of such  information  except to
     conduct the  investigation  contemplated  by Section 6.1,  the  application
     contemplated by Section 6.5 and to consummate the transactions contemplated
     hereby, and BOKF and Merger Corp shall not use such information to obtain a
     competitive advantage in connection with any customer of Bank. In the event
     this Merger  Agreement  is  terminated  for any reason BOKF and Merger Corp
     (their agents, officers, directors, employees and counsel) shall (i) return
     all copies of all  information  and documents  obtained from VCB, Bank, and
     their  representatives,  (ii) thereafter  forever keep all such information
     confidential  and  not  make  use of  any  such  information  to  obtain  a
     competitive  advantage in connection  with any customer of Bank,  and (iii)
     shall not solicit for employment,  whether  directly or indirectly,  any of
     the  employees,  officers or  directors  of VCB or Bank for a period of two
     years following such termination.

     6.7.  Disclosure.  Neither BOKF nor VCB, nor any other party to this Merger
     Agreement  or  their  representative,  shall  make  any  public  disclosure
     concerning this Merger Agreement or the Merger  contemplated herein without
     the mutual  consent of each of the other  parties  hereto to the timing and
     content of the disclosure;  provided,  however, the parties hereto may make
     any disclosure (i) necessary to maintain compliance with applicable federal
     or state laws or  regulations,  (ii) required in connection with the making
     of any application necessary to effect the Merger, or (iii) as required for
     VCB to seek shareholder approval.

     6.8.  BOKF  Prohibited  Action  Prior to Closing.  From this date until the
     Closing Date, BOKF shall not take any action which would prevent compliance
     with any of the  conditions of this Merger  Agreement.  BOKF shall not, and
     shall cause its subsidiaries not to, make or agree to make any acquisition,
     or take any other action,  that adversely affects its ability to consummate
     the  transactions  contemplated by this Merger Agreement and will otherwise
     continue to conduct its business  operations and shall cause the operations
     of its  subsidiaries  to be  conducted  in a manner  consistent  with  past
     operating practices.

<PAGE>

     6.9.  Employment  Agreements.  VCB and the Bank shall in good faith  assist
     BOKF in entering into employment agreements which such officers of the Bank
     as BOKF shall request.

     6.10.  Employment Benefits and Contracts.  Following the Closing Date, BOKF
     shall provide  generally to officers and employees of Bank, who at or after
     the  Closing  Date  become  or  remain  employees  of  BOKF  or  one of its
     subsidiaries  ("Continuing  Employees"),  employee  benefits under employee
     benefit  plans  (other  than  stock  option or other  plans  involving  the
     potential  issuance  of BOKF  Common  Stock  except  as set  forth  in this
     section),  on  terms  and  conditions  which  when  taken  as a  whole  are
     substantially  similar to those provided by BOKF to its similarly  situated
     officers and employees. Following the Closing:

          6.10.1.  For purposes of  participation,  vesting and determination of
          rates of  contribution  (but  not  accrual  of  benefits)  under  such
          employee  benefit plans,  (i)  qualifying  service under any qualified
          pension  plan of Bank  shall be  treated as  qualified  service  under
          BOKF's qualified defined benefit plans, (ii) qualifying  service under
          any qualified defined  contribution  plans of Bank shall be treated as
          qualified service under BOKF's qualified defined  contribution  plans,
          and (iii) qualifying service under any other employee benefit plans of
          Bank shall be treated as qualified  service under any similar employee
          benefit plans maintained by BOKF.

          6.10.2. BOKF shall cause the BOKF welfare benefit plans that cover the
          Continuing  Employees  after the Closing Date to (i) waive any waiting
          period and restrictions and limitations for preexisting  conditions or
          insurability,  and (ii)  cause  any  deductible  payments  made by the
          Continuing  Employees under Bank's medical benefit plan to be credited
          to such  Continuing  Employees  under  the  BOKF  self-funded  medical
          benefit plans, so as to reduce the amount of any deductible payable by
          the Continuing  Employees under the BOKF  self-insured  medical plans.
          The continued coverage of the Continuing  Employees under the employee
          benefit  plans   maintained   by  Bank  and/or  any  Bank   subsidiary
          immediately prior to the Closing Date during a transition period shall
          be deemed to provide the  Continuing  Employees with benefits that are
          no less  favorable  than those offered to other  employees of BOKF and
          its subsidiaries.  Unless otherwise  modified in writing and except as
          otherwise  provided  herein,  BOKF  also  shall  cause  Bank  and  its
          subsidiaries to honor all employment,  severance, consulting and other
          compensation  contracts  disclosed in Exhibit 4.15 hereto between Bank
          and any current or former director,  officer or employee thereof,  and
          all provisions  for vested  benefits or other vested amounts earned or
          accrued through the Closing Date under the Bank benefit plans.

<PAGE>

          6.10.3. VCB shall, by appropriate action of its board of directors and
          otherwise,  take all action  necessary (i) to vest all Bank  employees
          fully  in  the  Valley  Commerce  401(k)  Plan,  contingent  upon  and
          effective as of the Closing and (ii) to terminate the Plan.


     6.11. No Solicitation.

          6.11.1.  Prior to the Closing  Date,  unless this Merger  Agreement is
          sooner  terminated,  neither Bank nor VCB shall directly or indirectly
          (i) solicit or encourage  inquiries  or proposals  with respect to the
          merger of Bank or VCB or the sale of any of the  shares of Bank or VCB
          or other  material  asset(s)  of VCB or Bank from any party other than
          BOKF or (ii)  merge with any party or sell any of the shares of VCB or
          Bank or material  asset(s)  of VCB or Bank to any party  except as set
          forth in this Merger Agreement.

          6.11.2.  Notwithstanding  the provisions of Section 6.11.1 above,  VCB
          may, in response to an unsolicited  written proposal with respect to a
          merger,  or purchase of  substantially  all the  outstanding  stock or
          assets  of  VCB  ("Acquisition  Proposal"),  furnish  (subject  to the
          execution  of  a  confidentiality   agreement  containing   provisions
          substantially similar to the confidentiality provisions of Section 6.6
          hereof)   confidential  or  non-public   information   concerning  its
          business,  properties or assets to a financially capable  corporation,
          partnership,  person or other entity or group (a "Potential Acquiror")
          and  negotiate  with  such  Potential  Acquiror  if (i) the  Board  of
          Directors of VCB after  consulting  with one or more of its  financial
          advisers,  concludes that such  Acquisition  Proposal (if  consummated
          pursuant to its terms) would result in a transaction more favorable to
          VCB's  shareholders  than the Merger and (ii) based upon advice of its
          legal  counsel,  its Board of Directors  determines in good faith that
          the failure to provide such confidential and non-public information to
          such  Potential  Acquiror  would  constitute a breach of its fiduciary
          duty to its shareholders  (any such  Acquisition  Proposal meeting the
          conditions  of clauses  (i) and (ii) being  referred to as a "Superior
          Proposal").

<PAGE>

          6.11.3.  VCB  shall  immediately  notify  BOKF  after  receipt  of any
          Acquisition Proposal or any request for nonpublic information relating
          to VCB or the Bank in connection  with an Acquisition  Proposal or for
          access to the  properties,  books or records of VCB or the Bank by any
          person or entity that  informs the VCB board of  directors  that it is
          considering making, or has made, an Acquisition Proposal.  Such notice
          to BOKF shall be made  orally and in writing  and shall  indicate  the
          identity  of the  offeror  and in  reasonable  detail  the  terms  and
          conditions of such proposal, inquiry or contact.

7.  Conditions  Precedent to Closing by BOKF and Merger Corp.  The obligation of
BOKF and Merger Corp to consummate  and close this  transaction  is  conditioned
upon each and all of the following:

     7.1. The representations, warranties and covenants of VCB and Bank shall be
     materially true at the Closing as though such  representations,  warranties
     and covenants were also made at the Closing.

     7.2. The Federal Reserve Board shall have approved the Merger,  or issued a
     waiver of approval, in accordance with 12 U.S.C. Section 1842 and 12 C.F.R.
     Section 225.

     7.3.  The  Arizona  State  Banking  Department  shall  have  certified  the
     compliance  of the  Merger  in  accordance  with the  laws of the  State of
     Arizona.

     7.4. The Office of the  Comptroller of the Currency shall have approved the
     conversion of the Bank to a national  association  in  accordance  with the
     National Bank Act.

     7.5. VCB and Bank shall have  performed and complied  with, in all material
     respects, all of their obligations under this Merger Agreement which are to
     be performed or complied with by them prior to or on the Closing Date.

<PAGE>

     7.6. VCB shall have  delivered  to BOKF an opinion of its  counsel,  Bodman
     LLP, or other  counsel  reasonably  acceptable  to BOKF,  dated the Closing
     Date, in substantially the form and content attached hereto as Exhibit 7.6.

     7.7. The  shareholders of VCB shall have approved this Merger  Agreement in
     accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Act.

     7.8.  Neither VCB taken as a whole nor the Bank taken as a whole shall have
     suffered  any Material  Adverse  Change (as  hereinafter  defined) in their
     financial conditions,  assets,  liabilities,  businesses or properties. For
     purposes of this  Section 7.8,  "Material  Adverse  Change"  shall mean any
     event  resulting  in a one-time  charge to Bank's loan loss  reserve,  or a
     reduction  of  Bank's  Tier  1  capital  (exclusive  of  market  losses  in
     investment  securities   portfolio),   of  Five  Hundred  Thousand  Dollars
     ($500,000)  or more;  provided,  however,  that in  determining  whether  a
     Material Adverse Change has occurred there shall be excluded the effect of:
     (i) any  change in  banking  and  similar  laws or  regulations  of general
     applicability  or   interpretations   thereof  by  courts  or  governmental
     authorities,  (ii)  change in GAAP or  regulatory  accounting  requirements
     applicable to banks or their holding companies generally, (iii) any general
     social,  political,  economic,  change,  effect,  event or  occurrence  the
     effects  of which are not  specific  or  unique  to VCB or Bank,  including
     changes in prevailing  interest rates,  currency  exchange rates or general
     economic or market  conditions,  (iv) any action or omission by VCB or Bank
     pursuant to the terms of this Agreement  including the public  announcement
     of the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement,  and (v) any expenses
     incurred in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
     hereby.

     7.9.  Holders of no more than ten  percent  (10%) of the VCB  Common  Stock
     shall have perfected their appraisal  rights pursuant to Section 262 of the
     Delaware  General  Corporation  Law.  In the event any one or more of these
     conditions  shall not have been fulfilled prior to or at the Closing,  BOKF
     and Merger Corp may terminate  this Merger  Agreement by written  notice to
     VCB, in which event  neither  party  shall have any further  obligation  or
     liability to the other  except (i) as otherwise  provided in Section 14 and
     (ii) the  obligations  of BOKF set  forth in  Sections  5.4 and 6.6 and the
     obligations  of VCB and  Bank set  forth in  Section  4.11.  BOKF  shall be
     entitled  to  waive  compliance  with  any one or  more of the  conditions,
     representations, warranties or covenants in whole or in part.

<PAGE>

8.  Conditions  Precedent to Closing by VCB and Bank.  The obligation of VCB and
Bank to consummate and close this  transaction are conditioned upon each and all
of the following:

     8.1. The representations,  warranties and covenants of BOKF and Merger Corp
     made in this Merger  Agreement  shall be true at the Closing as though such
     representations, warranties and covenants were also made at the Closing.

     8.2.  BOKF and Merger  Corp  shall  have  performed  and  complied,  in all
     material  respects,  with  all  of  their  obligations  under  this  Merger
     Agreement which are to be performed or complied with by them prior to or at
     the Closing.

     8.3. BOKF shall have  delivered to VCB an opinion of its counsel,  Frederic
     Dorwart,  Tulsa,  Oklahoma,  or other counsel reasonably acceptable to VCB,
     dated the Closing  Date,  in  substantially  the form and content  attached
     hereto as Exhibit 8.3

     8.4. The Federal Reserve Board shall have approved the Merger,  or issued a
     waiver of approval, in accordance with 12 U.S.C. Section 1842 and 12 C.F.R.
     Section 225.

     8.5. The  shareholders of VCB shall have approved this Merger Agreement and
     the  transactions  contemplated  hereby as required by the Delaware General
     Corporation Act.

     8.6. VCB shall have  received from Sandler  O'Neill and  Partners,  or such
     other  investment  banking firm retained by VCB, an opinion letter dated as
     of the date of the proxy  statement to be delivered to the  shareholders of
     VCB in connection  with the  solicitation  of their approval of this Merger
     Agreement and the transactions  contemplated hereby, to the effect that the
     Merger  Consideration  is fair,  from a  financial  point  of view,  to the
     holders of the VCB Common Stock.  VCB shall be entitled to waive compliance
     with  any one or more of the  conditions,  representations,  warranties  or
     covenants  in  whole  or in  part.  In the  event  any one or more of these
     conditions  shall not have been fulfilled  prior to or at the Closing,  VCB
     may  terminate  this Merger  Agreement by notice to BOKF, in which event no
     party shall have any further  obligation or liability to the other,  except
     (i) as otherwise  provided in Section 14 and (ii) the  obligations  of BOKF
     set forth in Section  6.6 and Section  5.4 and the  obligations  of VCB set
     forth in Section 4.11.

<PAGE>

9.  Closing.  The  closing  ("Closing"  or "Closing  Date") of the  transactions
contemplated  by this Merger  Agreement shall take place not later than five (5)
business  days  following  the first day on which (i) BOKF and  Merger  Corp can
lawfully consummate the Merger under 12 U.S.C.  Section 1842, 12 C.F.R.  Section
225 and other  applicable  laws,  rules and  regulations and (ii) all conditions
precedent to the obligations of the parties set forth in Section 7 and Section 8
have been satisfied or waived;  provided,  however, in the event such day is ten
(10) or fewer calendar days preceding the first day of the next calendar  month,
the  Closing  shall take  place or  otherwise  be  effective  at the  opening of
business on the first day of the next  calendar  month.  The  Parties  shall use
their best efforts to cause the Closing to occur on or before March 15, 2005. In
any event,  if the Closing Date does not occur on or before April 15, 2005, then
VCB may by notice terminate this Merger Agreement.  The Closing shall be held at
10:00 a.m. on the Closing  Date at the offices of Bank or at such other time and
place as BOKF and VCB may agree.  At the Closing,  BOKF,  Merger Corp,  VCB, and
Bank shall  execute and deliver all of the  documents and take all other actions
which are contemplated by the terms hereof.

     9.1. Without limiting the generality of Section 9 of this Merger Agreement,
     the  following  actions  shall be taken at the  Closing  concurrently.  VCB
     shall:

          9.1.1.  Engage the  Paying  Agent to perform  the  obligations  of the
          Paying  Agent  herein set forth;

          9.1.2. Deliver the opinion of VCB's counsel pursuant to Section 7.4;

          9.1.3.  Deliver a certificate,  signed by the Chief Executive  Officer
          and the Chief Financial  Officer of VCB and of the Bank, acting solely
          in his  capacity as an officer of VCB and/ or the Bank,  stating  that
          (A) each of the representations and warranties of VCB and the Bank set
          forth herein is true and correct in all material  respects at the time
          of  the   Closing   with  the  same   force  and  effect  as  if  such
          representations and warranties had been made at Closing and (B) all of
          the conditions  precedent to the obligation of BOKF and Merger Corp to
          close  set  forth in this  Agreement  have,  unless  waived  as herein
          provided, been satisfied;

<PAGE>

          9.1.4.  Deliver a certified  copy of the  resolutions  of the Board of
          Directors and  shareholders  of VCB, as required for valid approval of
          the execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the Merger and
          the other transactions contemplated hereby;

          9.1.5.  Deliver good  standing  and  existence  certificates,  dated a
          recent date,  duly  certifying  the existence and good standing of VCB
          and the Bank;

          9.1.6. Intentionally omitted.

          9.1.7. Deliver a resolution of the Board of Directors of VCB approving
          the  termination  of the VCB 401k plan into the  defined  contribution
          plan of BOKF;

          9.1.8. Cause the employment  agreements,  plans and payments described
          in Exhibit 4.15 to be terminated and discharged at no material cost to
          VCB and Bank, excluding,  however, the agreements and claims listed on
          Exhibit 9.1.8, all of which shall survive the Closing.

          9.1.9.  Pay or cause the Bank to pay to Douglas  Alldredge  and Robert
          Lukosus  the  amounts  specified  in  Section  17 of their  respective
          Employment Agreements.

          9.1.10.  Pay or  cause  the  Bank  to pay  the  director  compensation
          payments described on Exhibit 6.3.7.

     9.2. Without limiting the generality of Section 9 of this Merger Agreement,
     the  following  actions  shall be taken at the Closing  concurrently.  BOKF
     shall:


<PAGE>

          9.2.1. Invest sufficient capital in VCB to enable it to pay, and cause
          VCB to pay, by funds  immediately  available in New York City,  (i) to
          the Paying  Agent the funds  required to be paid at the Closing to VCB
          Shareholders  as provided in Section 10.2,  (ii) to Douglas  Alldredge
          and  Robert  Lukosus,  the  amounts  specified  in Section 17 of their
          respective Employment Agreements,  and (iii) the director compensation
          payments described on Exhibit 6.3.7 of this Agreement;

          9.2.2. Deliver the opinion of BOKF's counsel pursuant to Section 8.3;

          9.2.3.  Cause  appropriate  evidences  of the  Merger  to be  filed in
          accordance with applicable law; and

          9.2.4. Deliver a certificate signed by the Chief Executive Officer and
          the Chief Financial  Officer of BOKF and Merger Corp,  acting in their
          sole  capacity as officers of BOKF and Merger  Corp,  stating that (A)
          each  representations and warranties of BOKF and Merger Corp set forth
          herein is true and correct in all material respects at the time of the
          Closing with the same force and effect as if such  representations and
          warranties  had been  made at  Closing  and (B) all of the  conditions
          precedent to the  obligation of VCB and the Bank to close set forth in
          this Agreement have, unless waived as herein provided, been satisfied.

10. Exchange Procedures; Surrender of Certificates; Paying Agent.

     10.1.  American Stock Transfer & Trust  Company,  or other entity  mutually
     satisfactory to VCB and BOKF,  shall act as paying agent in the Merger (the
     "Paying Agent").

     10.2. At the Closing BOKF shall cause VCB, as the surviving corporation, to
     furnish the Paying Agent cash  sufficient  in the  aggregate for the Paying
     Agent to make full payment of the Closing  Payment to all VCB  Shareholders
     excluding,  however,  those shareholders who have perfected their appraisal
     rights pursuant to Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.


<PAGE>

     10.3.  Forthwith upon the Closing, the Paying Agent shall mail, without any
     further  action  on the  part  of BOKF or VCB,  to each  record  holder  of
     certificates representing VCB Common Stock (the "Certificates"),  addressed
     to the most current address of such shareholder according to the records of
     VCB, a letter of transmittal  (and  instructions)  for use in effecting the
     surrender of the  Certificates  in exchange  for the Merger  Consideration.
     Each such letter (the  "Merger  Transmittal  Letters")  shall  specify that
     delivery shall be effected,  and risk of loss and title to the Certificates
     shall pass,  only upon  proper  receipt of the  Certificates  by the Paying
     Agent and shall be in such form and have such other  provisions as BOKF may
     reasonably specify.

     10.4. No interest on the Merger  Consideration  issuable upon the surrender
     of the Certificates  shall be paid or accrued for the benefit of holders of
     Certificates .

     10.5.  If the  Closing  Payment  is to be issued to a person  other  than a
     person in whose name a surrendered Certificate is registered, it shall be a
     condition of issuance that the  surrendered  Certificate  shall be properly
     endorsed or  otherwise  executed in proper form for  transfer  and that the
     person  requesting such issuance shall pay to the Paying Agent any required
     transfer  or other taxes or  establish  to the  satisfaction  of the Paying
     Agent that such tax has been paid or is not applicable.

     10.6. With respect to any shares of VCB Common Stock that are acquired as a
     result of the exercise of the Stock  Options,  the purchase  price for such
     shares under the Stock Options shall be subtracted  from or "netted-out" of
     the Closing Payment to be paid such  shareholders in order to provide for a
     cashless  exercise of the Stock Options.  That is, upon the exercise of the
     Stock  Options  such  option  holder  shall not be  required to pay VCB the
     purchase  price  specified in the Stock  Options,  but such amount shall be
     deducted from the amount of Merger  Consideration that would otherwise have
     been paid to such option holder.


<PAGE>

          10.6.1.  After the Closing,  there shall be no further registration or
          transfers on the records of VCB of outstanding  certificates  formerly
          representing shares of VCB Common Stock and, if a certificate formerly
          representing  such  shares is  presented  to VCB or BOKF,  it shall be
          forwarded  to the Paying Agent for  cancellation  and exchange for the
          Merger Consideration.

          10.6.2. All Merger Consideration paid upon the surrender of VCB Common
          Stock in  accordance  with the  above  terms and  conditions  shall be
          deemed to have been paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining
          to such shares of VCB Common Stock.

          10.6.3.  In the event any  certificate for VCB Common Stock shall have
          been lost,  stolen,  or  destroyed,  the Paying  Agent  shall issue in
          exchange for such lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate,  such Merger
          Consideration as may be required pursuant to this Agreement; provided,
          however, that BOKF may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent
          to the issuance  thereof,  require the owner of such lost,  stolen, or
          destroyed  certificate to deliver an affidavit of lost certificate and
          indemnification agreement in form reasonably acceptable to BOKF.

          10.6.4. At any time following  thirteen (13) months after the Closing,
          provided  no General  Claims  have been made which  remain  unresolved
          under  Article 11 of this  Agreement,  BOKF shall be entitled to cause
          VCB to terminate the Paying Agent  relationship and thereafter holders
          of  Certificates  shall be  entitled  to look only to VCB  (subject to
          abandoned  property,  escheat,  or other similar laws) with respect to
          the Merger Consideration  payable upon surrender of their Certificates
          or in lieu of any Stock Options.

          10.6.5.  BOKF  shall pay the fees and costs of the  Paying  Agent with
          respect  to the  Exchange  Procedure  and  the  Closing  Payment.


<PAGE>

11. Representation Escrow.

     11.1. At Closing,  BOKF shall  establish an escrow  account with the Escrow
     Agent and deposit the  Representation  Escrow  Funds in the escrow  account
     pursuant to an escrow agreement (the "Representation  Escrow Agreement") in
     the form  attached  hereto as Exhibit 11. The escrow  agent's fees shall be
     borne by BOKF.

          11.1.1.  The  Representation  Escrow  Funds  shall  be  invested  in a
          certificate of deposit maturing one year from date, at the rate and on
          the  terms  and  conditions  generally  offered  by  Escrow  Agent for
          certificates  of deposit of  comparable  size and  duration,  and upon
          maturity as necessary, in three-month  certificates of deposit at Bank
          at the rates and on terms and conditions generally offered by the Bank
          for certificates of comparable size and duration at each renewal date.

          11.1.2. In the event BOKF claims a breach of the  representations  and
          warranties of VCB and Bank arising under this Merger  Agreement,  BOKF
          shall  give  written  notice of the claim (a  "General  Claim") to the
          Shareholders Representative (as hereafter appointed).

          11.1.3. The notice shall identify the  representations  and warranties
          which BOKF claims have been breached and describe in reasonable detail
          the basis of the General  Claim and set forth a good faith  reasonable
          estimate  ("Good  Faith  Estimate")  of the maximum  amount of damages
          claimed ("General Losses").

          11.1.4.  BOKF  shall  make no  General  Claim  unless  and  until  the
          aggregate amount of all uninsured  General Losses shall exceed $50,000
          in which event BOKF may make General Claims against the General Escrow
          for all uninsured General Losses.

          11.1.5.  Absent  actual fraud by VCB,  BOKF hereby  waives all General
          Claims in the aggregate in excess of the Representation Escrow Funds.


<PAGE>

          11.1.6.  In the event BOKF makes no General Claim for any Losses on or
          before Claim Notice  Deadlines,  the  Representation  Escrow Agreement
          shall  terminate and the Escrow Agent shall,  within five (5) business
          days  thereafter,  distribute the  Representation  Escrow Funds to the
          Paying Agent for  distribution in accordance with Section 11.3 of this
          Agreement.

     11.2.  In the event BOKF makes one or more  General  Claim(s)  prior to the
     Claim  Notice  Deadline,  the Escrow  Agent shall (i) on or before five (5)
     business  days after the Claim Notice  Deadline,  distribute  to the Paying
     Agent the Representation Escrow Funds less the amount of all Losses claimed
     by BOKF for  distribution in accordance with Section 11.3 hereof,  and (ii)
     continue to hold and invest the remaining Representation Escrow Funds until
     such claim is  resolved  by (1) the  mutual  agreement  of the  Shareholder
     Representative  (as defined  below) and BOKF,  or (2) a final  adjudication
     determining the merits of the BOKF claim, at which time the  Representation
     Escrow Agreement shall  terminate,  the Escrow Agent shall pay the claim of
     BOKF as mutually  agreed or finally  adjudicated and the Escrow Agent shall
     distribute any remaining  Escrow Funds to the Paying Agent for distribution
     in accordance with Section 11.3 hereof.

     11.3.  Upon receipt of any  Representation  Escrow Funds,  the Paying Agent
     shall  pay all such  funds to the  holders  of VCB  Common  Stock and Stock
     Options,  in each instance as of the Record Date, in accordance  with their
     respective interests (the "VCB Shareholders").

     11.4.  The  rights  of  the  VCB   Shareholders  to  receive   payments  of
     Representation  Escrow Funds shall not be assignable or transferable except
     by  operation  of law or by intestacy or with the approval of BOKF and will
     not be evidenced by any certificate or other evidence of ownership.

     11.5. BOKF shall pay the fees and costs of the Paying Agent with respect to
     payment to the VCB Shareholders of the Representation Escrow Funds.


<PAGE>

12. Shareholder Representative.

     12.1.  Effective as of, and automatically by virtue of, the Closing,  there
     shall be (and hereby is) appointed a representative of the VCB Shareholders
     (the "Shareholder  Representative").  The Shareholder  Representative and a
     successor  thereto in the event of the death,  disability or resignation of
     the initial Shareholder Representative, shall be designated and retained by
     VCB prior to  Closing.  The  Shareholder  Representative  need not be a VCB
     Shareholder,  but shall be a licensed  attorney  or  certified  arbitrator,
     mediator or dispute resolution facilitator.

     12.2.  With  one  and  only  one  exception,  following  the  Closing,  the
     Shareholder  Representative  shall have  complete  power and  authority  on
     behalf and as agent of all VCB Shareholders to make such decisions and take
     such actions as the Shareholder  Representative may deem prudent, necessary
     or  advisable  from time to time with respect to matters  arising  under or
     related to the Representation  Escrow Funds and the  Representation  Escrow
     Agreement.  By way of example only, the  Shareholder  Representative  shall
     have the right on behalf of all VCB  shareholders to compromise any General
     Claim.  The one exception to the foregoing is that,  absent a shareholder's
     specific  written consent to the contrary,  the Shareholder  Representative
     shall  have no power or  authority  to commit  any VCB  Shareholder  to any
     contract,   payment,   contribution,   expense  or  liability  beyond  such
     shareholder's then-current interest in the Representation Escrow Funds.

     12.3.  In connection  with his or her role  pursuant to Section  12.2,  the
     Shareholder Representative (and any successor thereto) shall have liability
     to the VCB Shareholders only for his or her gross negligence or intentional
     misconduct.  For the  avoidance  of doubt,  each  Representative  is hereby
     exonerated  and released  from and against any  liability  for his ordinary
     negligence.  The  Shareholder  Representative  (and any successor  thereto)
     shall be reimbursed and indemnified from the  Representation  Escrow Funds,
     subordinate  to  BOKF's  interests  therein  with  respect  to all  claims,
     liabilities  and  including,  without  limitation,  legal fees and expenses
     incurred in connection  with his or her role as Shareholder  Representative
     for actions and omissions not in violation of the foregoing  standard.  The
     Shareholder  Representative  shall  receive  an  hourly  fee for his or her
     services at a rate not to exceed $300 per hour. To the extent the aggregate
     amount of General Losses approved by the Shareholder  Representative in the
     compromise  of  any  General  Claim  exceeds  $500,000,  the  fees  of  the
     Shareholder  Representative  shall be paid from the  Representation  Escrow
     Fund prior to any payment on any General Claim approved by the  Shareholder
     Representative.  In the event the  aggregate  amount of the General  Losses
     approved by the Shareholder Representative in the compromise of any General
     Claim does not exceed $500,000, the fees of the Shareholder  Representative
     shall be paid by BOKF.  By  virtue  of the  Closing,  each VCB  Shareholder
     hereby   appoints   the   Shareholder    Representative    as   his/her/its
     attorney-in-fact,  to execute and deliver on the shareholder's  behalf such
     documents as the Shareholder  Representative  may deem expedient to fulfill
     his or her duties under this Section.  Such  appointment is coupled with an
     interest and therefore shall be irrevocable.

<PAGE>

     12.4 VCB shall  apprise BOKF of the  identity of the initial and  successor
     Shareholder Representative prior to Closing. BOKF shall be entitled to rely
     without   further   inquiry  on  any  writing  signed  by  the  Shareholder
     Representative with respect to any of the foregoing matters.


13. ESI Escrow.

     13.1. At Closing,  BOKF shall  establish an escrow  account with the Escrow
     Agent and deposit the ESI Escrow Funds in the escrow account pursuant to an
     escrow  agreement (the "ESI Escrow  Agreement") in the form attached hereto
     as Exhibit 13. The escrow agent's fees shall be borne by BOKF.

          13.1.1.  The ESI Escrow  Funds shall be invested in a  certificate  of
          deposit  maturing  three years from date, at the rate and on the terms
          and conditions  generally  offered by Escrow Agent for certificates of
          deposit  of  comparable  size  and  duration,  and  upon  maturity  as
          necessary, in three-month  certificates of deposit at the Escrow Agent
          at the rates  and on terms and  conditions  generally  offered  by the
          Escrow Agent for  certificates of comparable size and duration at each
          renewal date.

          13.1.2.  In the event Robert A. Homco does not commence  litigation or
          arbitration (collectively, "Litigation") against VCB, the Bank or BOKF
          on or before the third anniversary of the closing (the "ESI Bar Date")
          seeking to enforce or collect the  payments  described in Sections 1.C
          and 2 of the Revised Executive  Supplemental  Income Agreement between
          the Bank and  Robert  A.  Homco  dated  September  10,  2001 (the "ESI
          Benefit Agreement"),  the ESI Escrow Agreement shall terminate and the
          Escrow  Agent  shall,   within  five  (5)  business  days  thereafter,
          distribute  the ESI Escrow Funds to the Paying Agent for  distribution
          in accordance with Section 11.3 of this Agreement.


<PAGE>

          13.1.3. In the event Robert A. Homco does commence  Litigation against
          VCB, the Bank or BOKF on or before the ESI Bar Date seeking to enforce
          or collect  the  payments  described  in Section  1.C and 2 of the ESI
          Benefit Agreement (the "ESI Payments"),  then the ESI Escrow Agreement
          shall continue until such Litigation (or all claims therein pertaining
          to  the  ESI  Payments)  has  been  finally  adjudicated.  Upon  final
          adjudication,  the ESI Escrow  Agreement  shall  terminate and the ESI
          Escrow  Funds shall be  distributed  as provided in Section  13.1.4 or
          13.1.5 as the case may be.

          13.1.4.  In  the  event  the  final  adjudication  of  the  Litigation
          described in Section 13.1.3 of this  Agreement  results in a dismissal
          of the claims of Robert A. Homco or  otherwise  affirms that Robert A.
          Homco has no right or  entitlement  to the ESI Payments,  then the ESI
          Escrow  shall  terminate  and  the  Escrow  Agent  shall,  as  soon as
          practicable  after  notice of such final  adjudication,  remit the ESI
          Escrow Funds less the reasonable  attorney fees, expert fees and other
          costs of the Litigation  (collectively,  the "Homco Litigation Costs")
          incurred by VCB,  the Bank or BOKF in  defending  such  Litigation  as
          determined  under  Section  13.1.6  hereof,  to the  Paying  Agent for
          distribution in accordance  with Section 11.3 of this  Agreement.  The
          amount of the  reasonable  Homco  Litigation  Costs  determined  under
          Section 13.1.6 shall be remitted to BOKF.

          13.1.5.  In  the  event  the  final  adjudication  of  the  Litigation
          described in Section 13.1.3 of this Agreement results in a judgment or
          order  finding  that Robert A. Homco is entitled to the ESI  Payments,
          then the ESI Escrow shall  terminate  and the Escrow  Agent shall,  as
          soon as practicable after notice of such final adjudication, remit the
          ESI Escrow Funds to BOKF or its designee;  provided,  however, that in
          the event the amount  awarded to Robert A. Homco for ESI  Payments  in
          said  final  adjudication  is less than the  amount of the ESI  Escrow
          Funds,  then the  excess  amount  of the ESI  Escrow  Funds,  less the
          reasonable Homco Litigation Costs incurred by VCB, the Bank or BOKF in
          defending the  Litigation as determined  under Section  13.1.6 hereof,
          shall be remitted to the Paying Agent for  distribution  in accordance
          with  Section  11.3 of this  Agreement.  If any part of a judgment  or
          order  described in this Section 13.1.5 is covered by insurance,  then
          the ESI  Payments  found to be due to Robert A. Homco shall be reduced
          by the  applicable  insurance  proceeds to  determine  whether the ESI
          Escrow  Funds  exceed  the net ESI  Payments  due.  The  amount of the
          reasonable  Homco  Litigation  Costs  determined  under Section 13.1.6
          shall be remitted to BOKF.

<PAGE>

          13.1.6.  The reasonable  Homco  Litigation Costs incurred in defending
          the  Litigation  of any claim to ESI  Payments for purposes of Section
          12.1.4 and 12.1.5 of this Agreement,  shall be the amount set forth in
          an  Affidavit  of either the Chief  Financial  Officer or Chief  Legal
          Officer of BOKF  attesting to the amount of  attorneys  fees and costs
          reasonably and necessarily incurred in defending to final adjudication
          the Litigation of any claim of Robert A. Homco to the ESI Payments. If
          any part of the Homco Litigation Costs are covered by insurance,  then
          the  reasonable  Homco  Litigation  Costs  remitted  to BOKF  shall be
          reduced by the amount of  insurance  payments  received  for the Homco
          Litigation Costs.

          13.1.7.  BOKF covenants that it will diligently  defend any Litigation
          described in Section 13.1.3 of this Agreement in good faith and in the
          same  manner  that it would in the event the ESI Escrow did not exist.
          BOKF shall not  settle  any claim by Robert A. Homco for ESI  Payments
          without  the consent of Jay A.  Fishman,  which  consent  shall not be
          unreasonably  withheld.  Jay A.  Fishman is hereby  designated  as the
          representative  of the VCB  Shareholders  for the purpose of giving or
          withholding such consent and is hereby released and held harmless from
          any liability to the VCB Shareholders in connection therewith.

     13.2. Upon receipt of any ESI Escrow Funds,  the Paying Agent shall pay all
     such funds to the holders of VCB Common  Stock and Stock  Options,  in each
     instance  as of the  Record  Date,  in  accordance  with  their  respective
     interests (the "VCB Shareholders").

     13.3. The rights of the VCB  Shareholders to receive payments of ESI Escrow
     Funds shall not be assignable or transferable except by operation of law or
     by  intestacy or with the approval of BOKF and will not be evidenced by any
     certificate or other evidence of ownership.

     13.4. BOKF shall pay the fees and costs of the Paying Agent with respect to
     payment to the VCB Shareholders of the ESI Escrow Funds.


<PAGE>

     13.5.  If at any time prior to the Closing,  VCB or Bank obtains a release,
     in a form  reasonably  satisfactory  to BOKF,  from  Robert A. Homco of any
     rights he may have to the ESI Payments, then the ESI Escrow Funds, less any
     amounts paid to Robert A. Homco in consideration of such release,  shall be
     added to the Closing  Payment under Section  2.7.1.  of this  Agreement and
     Section  2.7.3.   and  this  Section  13  of  the  Agreement  shall  become
     inoperative.

14. Termination.

     14.1. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing by:
     (a) The mutual  consent of the  respective  Boards of Directors of BOKF and
     Merger Corp and VCB; (b) BOKF and Merger Corp if the  conditions  set forth
     in Section 7 hereof shall not have been met; (c) VCB if the  conditions set
     forth in  Section 8 hereof  shall  not have  been  met;  (d) VCB if (i) VCB
     receives an offer from a third party  which the board of  directors  of VCB
     determines,  in good  faith  and  after  consultation  with an  independent
     financial advisor,  that such proposal  constitutes a Superior Proposal and
     resolves to accept such a Superior Proposal,  and (ii) VCB shall have given
     BOKF two (2) Phoenix  business  days' prior written notice of its intention
     to terminate  pursuant to this  provision;  (e) BOKF and Merger Corp if the
     board of  directors  of VCB  shall  have  resolved  to  accept  a  Superior
     Proposal;  (f) VCB in the event the Closing  has not  occurred by April 15,
     2005,  or such other date as the parties  hereto  agree in writing;  or Any
     party desiring to terminate this Agreement pursuant to any of the foregoing
     provisions  shall give  notice of such  termination  to the other  party in
     accordance with Section 15.1 hereof.

     14.2. The exercise of a right of termination by a Party pursuant to Section
     14.1  shall  not limit any  relief  to which the  terminating  Party may be
     entitled for a breach of this  Agreement  by the other Party.  In the event
     termination occurs as a result of a willful misrepresentation by a Party or
     as a result of the willful failure of a party to fulfill a condition to the
     performance  of the  obligation of the other party to this  Agreement,  the
     breaching  Party shall pay to the other  United  States  funds  immediately
     available in the city at which the recipients' home office is located on or
     before the fifth  business day  following  such  termination,  Five Hundred
     Thousand  Dollars  ($500,000).  BOKF and VCB  agree  that  (i) the  damages
     incurred by the non-breaching party would be substantial, but (ii) could be
     difficult to quantify;  and  accordingly,  (iii) such amount  constitutes a
     reasonable estimate of such damages.


<PAGE>

     14.3.  In the event BOKF is not in default of any  material  obligation  of
     BOKF under this  Agreement and VCB terminates  this  Agreement  pursuant to
     clause (d) of Section 14.1,  BOKF  terminates  this  Agreement  pursuant to
     clause  (b) of  Section  14.1  by  reason  of a  failure  of the  condition
     described in Section 7.7, and/or VCB terminates this Agreement  pursuant to
     clause (c) of Section 14.1 by reason of a failure described in Section 8.5,
     VCB shall pay BOKF in United States funds  immediately  available in Tulsa,
     Oklahoma,  on or before the fifth Tulsa  business day following the date on
     which VCB  terminates  this  Agreement,  One Million Five Hundred  Thousand
     Dollars ($1,500,000).

     14.4.  VCB agrees that (i) the  damages  incurred by BOKF in the event of a
     termination  described in Section 14.3 would be substantial,  but (ii) such
     damages could be difficult to quantify; and accordingly,  (iii) such amount
     constitutes a reasonable estimate of such damages.

     14.5.  In the event the Closing has not  occurred by April 15, 2005 and VCB
     terminates  this  Agreement any time  thereafter  pursuant to clause (f) of
     Section  14.1,  BOKF  shall  pay VCB in  United  States  funds  immediately
     available in Phoenix,  Arizona, on or before the fifth Phoenix business day
     following the date on which VCB terminates this Agreement, One Million Five
     Hundred  Thousand  Dollars  ($1,500,000)  provided  that  (i) VCB is not in
     default of any material  obligation of VCB under this Agreement or (ii) the
     action,  omission or  condition  of VCB or Bank is not the cause in fact of
     the failure of the Closing to timely occur.

15. Miscellaneous Provisions. The following miscellaneous provisions shall apply
to this Agreement:

     15.1.  All  notices  or advices  required  or  permitted  to be given by or
     pursuant to this Agreement, shall be given in writing. All such notices and
     advices  shall be (i)  delivered  personally,  (ii)  delivered by facsimile
     (iii)  delivered by email  (iv)delivered  by U.S.  Registered  or Certified
     Mail,  Return  Receipt  Requested  mail,  or (v)  delivered  for  overnight
     delivery by a nationally recognized overnight courier service. Such notices
     and advices  shall be deemed to have been given (i) the first  business day
     following the date of delivery if delivered personally,  by facsimile or by
     email,  (ii) on the third  business  day  following  the date of mailing if
     mailed by U.S.  Registered or Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested,  or
     (iii) on the date of receipt  if  delivered  for  overnight  delivery  by a
     nationally  recognized  overnight  courier  service.  All such  notices and
     advices and all other  communications  related to this  Agreement  shall be
     given as follows:


<PAGE>

                           BOKF and Merger Corp:
                           Stacey Kymes, Senior Vice President
                           BOK FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                           P.O. Box 2300
                           Tulsa, OK 74192
                           (918) 588-6853 - Facsimile
                           DRoten@mail.bok.com

                                and

                           Frederic Dorwart, Secretary and General Counsel to
                           BOK Financial Corporation
                           Old City Hall
                           124 East Fourth Street
                           Tulsa, OK 74103
                           (918) 583-8251 - Facsimile
                           fdorwart@fdlaw.com

                           VCB and Bank:
                           Jay A. Fishman, Chairman of the Board
                           Valley Commerce Bancorp, Ltd.
                           5050 North 44th Street
                           Phoenix, AZ 85018
                           (248) 740-9401 - Facsimile
                           jaf@jaf-ltd.com

                           Gregory S. Anderson
                           Valley Commerce Bancorp, Ltd.
                           5050 North 44th Street
                           Phoenix, AZ 85018
                           (602) 852-9418 - Facsimile
                           ganderson@valleycommercebank.com

                                 and

                           David W. Barton, Esq.
                           Bodman LLP
                           229 Court Street, P.O. Box 405
                           Cheboygan, Michigan 49721
                           (231) 627-3477 - Facsimile
                           dbarton@bodmanllp.com


<PAGE>

     or to such  other  address  as the  party may have  furnished  to the other
     parties in accordance  herewith,  except that notice of change of addresses
     shall be effective only upon receipt.

     15.2.  This  Agreement  shall be  subject  to,  and  interpreted  by and in
     accordance  with, the laws  (excluding  conflict of law  provisions) of the
     State of Oklahoma.

     15.3. This Agreement is the entire agreement of the parties  respecting the
     subject matter hereof.  There are no other agreements,  representations  or
     warranties, whether oral or written, respecting the subject matter hereof.

     15.4. No course of prior  dealings  involving any of the parties hereto and
     no usage of trade shall be relevant or advisable to interpret,  supplement,
     explain  or vary any of the terms of this  Agreement,  except as  expressly
     provided herein.

     15.5.  This Agreement,  and all the provisions of this Agreement,  shall be
     deemed drafted by all of the parties hereto.

     15.6. This Agreement  shall not be interpreted  strictly for or against any
     party,  but solely in  accordance  with the fair meaning of the  provisions
     hereof to effectuate the purposes and interest of this Agreement.

     15.7.  Each party hereto has entered into this Agreement  based solely upon
     the agreements,  representations and warranties  expressly set forth herein
     and upon his own knowledge and investigation. Neither party has relied upon
     any  representation  or warranty of any other party hereto  except any such
     representations or warranties as are expressly set forth herein.

     15.8.  Each of the  persons  signing  below  on  behalf  of a party  hereto
     represents  and  warrants  that  he or she has  full  requisite  power  and
     authority  to execute and deliver  this  Agreement on behalf of the parties
     for whom he or she is  signing  and to bind  such  party to the  terms  and
     conditions of this Agreement.


<PAGE>

     15.9. This Agreement may be executed in  counterparts,  each of which shall
     be deemed an original.  This Agreement shall become effective only when all
     of the parties  hereto  shall have  executed  the  original or  counterpart
     hereof.  This  agreement  may be  executed  and  delivered  by a  facsimile
     transmission of a counterpart signature page hereof.

     15.10.  In any action brought by a party hereto to enforce the  obligations
     of any other  party  hereto,  the  prevailing  party  shall be  entitled to
     collect  from the  opposing  party to such action such  party's  reasonable
     litigation  costs and attorneys fees and expenses  (including  court costs,
     reasonable fees of accountants and experts,  and other expenses  incidental
     to the litigation).

     15.11.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit
     of the parties and their respective successors and assigns.

     15.12. This is not a third party  beneficiary  contract except as otherwise
     expressly  stated  herein.  No person or entity other than a party  signing
     this  Agreement  shall  have any  rights  under  this  Agreement  except as
     otherwise expressly stated herein.

     15.13.  This  Agreement  may be amended or modified only in a writing which
     specifically  references this Agreement.

     15.14. This Agreement may not be assigned by any party hereto.

     15.15.  A party to this  Agreement  may decide or fail to  require  full or
     timely  performance of any  obligation  arising under this  Agreement.  The
     decision or failure of a party hereto to require full or timely performance
     of any  obligation  arising  under  this  Agreement  (whether  on a  single
     occasion or on multiple occasions) shall not be deemed a waiver of any such
     obligation.  No such  decisions or failures shall give rise to any claim of
     estoppel,  laches, course of dealing, amendment of this Agreement by course
     of  dealing,  or other  defense  of any  nature to any  obligation  arising
     hereunder.


<PAGE>

     15.16.  The  repudiation,  breach,  or failure to  perform  any  obligation
     arising under this  Agreement by a party after  reasonable  notice  thereof
     shall be deemed a repudiation,  breach,  and failure to perform all of such
     party's obligations arising under this Agreement.

     15.17. Time is of the essence with respect to each obligation arising under
     this  Agreement.  The  failure  to timely  perform  an  obligation  arising
     hereunder shall be deemed a failure to perform the obligation.

     15.18.  All actions taken and  documents  delivered at the Closing shall be
     deemed to have been taken and executed  simultaneously  and no action shall
     be deemed  taken nor any document  delivered  until all have been taken and
     delivered.

     15.19.Any information delivered by way of exhibit or schedule in connection
     with this agreement shall be deemed  delivered for the purpose of any other
     exhibit or schedule which calls for such information.

     15.20.  In the event of a breach of an  obligation to pay under this Merger
     Agreement,  the  breaching  party  agrees  to pay the  non-breaching  party
     interest  on the unpaid  amount  beginning  on the date of default at a per
     annum  rate of U.S.  National  Prime  plus  two  percent  (2%),  compounded
     annually.

     15.21. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement,  each of the parties
     shall bear their own expenses associated with the transactions contemplated
     by  this   Agreement   including,   without   limitation,   all   costs  of
     investigations,  regulatory  applications and professional services.  Dated
     and effective the date first set forth above.

<PAGE>


VALLEY COMMERCE BANCORP, LTD.               VALLEY COMMERCE BANK


By: ____________________________            By: _____________________________
         Jay A. Fishman, Chairman                Gregory S. Anderson,
                                                 President and CEO


BOK FINANCIAL CORPORATION                   BOK MERGER CORPORATION NUMBER EIGHT


By_____________________________             By: _____________________________
         Steven E. Nell                          Steven E. Nell
         Executive Vice President & CFO          Executive Vice President & CFO


