
Exhibit 99.1

CONTACTS:
Manakoa Services Corporation
James C. Katzaroff
(509) 736-7000

Ed Nichols
(303) 327-5200

The Investor Relations Group
Jordan Silverstein, John Nesbett
(212) 825-3210

Manakoa  Services  Corporation  Approved  for  Listing  on the Over the  Counter
Bulletin Board

Manakoa Services  Corporation MKOS common shares have been accepted to quotation
on the NASD Over the Counter Bulletin Board (OTCBB) under the symbol - "MKOS."


"Progressing onto the Over The Counter market represents a significant milestone
for  Manakoa,  strengthening  the  foundation  upon  which  we can  grow  our IT
compliance  software business," said Jim Katzaroff,  President of Manakoa.  "The
OTCBB  will  provide  Manakoa  with  access  to a  broader  range  of  potential
investors, help to improve liquidity in our common stock and enhance shareholder
value."


The OTC Bulletin Board is a regulated  quotation service that displays real-time
quotes,  last sales  prices,  and  volumes for more than 3,600  securities.  OTC
Bulletin Board  securities are traded by a community of market makers that enter
quotes  and trade  reports  through  a highly  sophisticated  computer  network.
Investors work through a broker/dealer  to trade OTC Bulletin Board  securities.
Information  regarding  the OTC  Bulletin  Board can be found on its  website at
www.otcbb.com.


About Manakoa Services Corporation


Manakoa  (www.manakoa.com)  is an independent  software vendor and  professional
services company addressing the multi-billion dollar IT security, IT compliance,
and  regulatory  compliance  marketplace  for  enterprise  customers.  Manakoa's
security and compliance  solutions suite offers advanced  automation software on
pre-configured, scalable platforms designed to control business and IT policies,
implement and enforce mandated compliance initiatives, and provide dynamic views
for monitoring and administration  based on the role and permissions of user and
department.  This groundbreaking software platform transforms high-cost security
and  compliance   consulting   engagements  into  automated,   consistent,   and
cost-effective  technology.  Manakoa's  software  platform  can  greatly  reduce
consulting  hours  and   time-to-compliance   through  sustainable,   repeatable
technology.  Manakoa's  flagship  products  are being  previewed  by Fortune 500
companies  due to its unique  approach of providing a  pre-configured  platform,
with templates,  department by department,  for analyzing compliance with United
States  regulations such as the Gramm Leach Bliley Act,  Sarbanes Oxley, the USA
Patriot  Act,  and HIPPA.  Manakoa's  full  product  suite,  which will  include
Compliance  WorkCenter(TM) and Compliance Command and Control Center, provides a
scalable,  cost-effective,  total  compliance  solution,  which  can  be  easily
utilized in concert with a company's  existing IT. The Company is also launching
the Manakoa  Compliance  KnowledgeBase(TM),  an on-line research portal service,
during the fourth  quarter of 2004.  Finally,  the Company has announced a joint
licensing and  development  agreement with Battelle  Corporation and the Pacific
Northwest  National  Laboratory  (PNNL) to commercialize  the first Cyber Attack
Simulation Trainer.


Under the Private  Securities  Litigation  Reform  Act-with the exception of the
historical  information  contained in this release, the matters described herein
contain forward-looking  statements that involve risk and uncertainties that may
individually or mutually impact the matters herein described, including, but not
limited to, product acceptance, economic, competitive,  governmental, results of
litigation,  technological and/or other factors which are outside the control of
the Company.  Actual results and developments  may differ  materially from those
contemplated by these statements depending on such factors as changes in general
economic conditions and financial or equity markets,  technological changes, and
other  business  risk  factors.  The  Company  does not  assume,  and  expressly
disclaims, any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.


Contact   Information:   Manakoa  Services   Corporation   James  C.  Katzaroff,
509-736-7000 or Ed Nichols,  303-327-5200 or The Investor Relations Group Jordan
Silverstein / John Nesbett 212-825-3210




