-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 IhrIzQ2pddepRJks+7fA6pwqbE1jbXemLHFixDQngNoseXiYRPYRfQgiHIFCsvSK
 jPNrKqYJwrkU60792pOBHw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000905148-04-005518.txt : 20041230
<SEC-HEADER>0000905148-04-005518.hdr.sgml : 20041230
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041230162534
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000905148-04-005518
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041230

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CWABS INC ASSET BACKED CERTIFICATES SERIES 2004-AB2
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001312967
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-118926-12
		FILM NUMBER:		041234338

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4500 PARK GRANADA
		CITY:			CALABASAS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91302
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(818) 225-4898

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4500 PARK GRANADA
		CITY:			CALABASAS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91302
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>efc4-2299_5640709form8k.txt
<TEXT>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                            Washington, D.C. 20549

                                   Form 8-K

                                CURRENT REPORT

                    Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                        Securities Exchange Act of 1934

                    Date of Report (Date of earliest Event
                         Reported): December 28, 2004

               CWABS, INC., (as depositor under the Pooling
               and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 1,
               2004, providing for the issuance of the CWABS,
               INC., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2004-
               AB2).

                                  CWABS, INC.
          ----------------------------------------------------------
            (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

          Delaware                    333-118926               95-4596514
- -----------------------------        -------------        ---------------------
(State or Other Jurisdiction          (Commission           (I.R.S. Employer
     of Incorporation)                File Number)         Identification No.)


      4500 Park Granada
     Calabasas, California                                      91302
   -------------------------                                 ------------
     (Address of Principal                                    (Zip Code)
      Executive Offices)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code (818) 225-3237
                                                          ----- --------

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
[  ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
     (17 CFR 230.425)

[  ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
     CFR 240.14a-12)

[  ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)

[  ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


                                      2


<PAGE>


Section 8  -  Other Events

Item 8.01     Other Events.

Filing of Certain Materials.
- ---------------------------

     In connection with the issuance by CWABS, Inc. Asset-Backed Certificates,
Series 2004-AB2 (the "Certificates"), CWABS, Inc. is filing herewith a
mortgage insurance policy relating to certain of the mortgage loans conveyed
by CWABS, Inc. pursuant to the above-referenced pooling and servicing
agreement.


Section 9  -  Financial Statements and Exhibits

Item 9.01     Financial Statements and Exhibits.
              ---------------------------------

(a) Financial statements of businesses acquired.

     Not applicable.

(b) Pro forma financial information.

     Not applicable.

(c) Exhibits.

     Exhibit No.    Description

            99.1             Bulk Primary First Lien Master Policy (PMI
                             Mortgage Insurance Co.)

            99.2             Schedule Endorsement to Bulk Primary First Lien
                             Master Policy (PMI Mortgage Insurance Co.)


                                      3


<PAGE>


                                  SIGNATURES


     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                      CWABS, INC.



                                      By: /s/ Leon Daniels, Jr.
                                          ---------------------
                                          Name:  Leon Daniels, Jr.
                                          Title:  Vice President


Dated:  December 30, 2004


                                      4


<PAGE>


                                 EXHIBIT INDEX


Exhibit No.                  Description
- -----------


99.1                         Bulk Primary First Lien Master Policy (PMI
                             Mortgage Insurance Co.)
99.2                         Schedule Endorsement to Bulk Primary First Lien
                             Master Policy (PMI Mortgage Insurance Co.)


                                      5

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>efc4-2299_exhibit991.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                  Exhibit 99.1

[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3003 Oak Road
Walnut Creek, CA 94597


PMI Mortgage Insurance Co. (an Arizona corporation hereinafter called the
"Company") agrees to pay to the Insured, in consideration of the premium or
premiums to be paid as hereinafter specified and in reliance upon the
Insured's representations and statements made in any Application for coverage
under this Policy, any loss due to the Default by a Borrower on a Loan,
subject to the terms and conditions contained herein.

To obtain information about this Policy, to register a complaint or to obtain
information about related mortgage guaranty insurance products and services
offered by the Company, the insured or its servicer may call the Company toll
free at 800-288-1970.


Insured's Name and Mailing Address                          Policy Number

The Bank of New York Trust Company N.A. as Co-Trustee       21827-0004-0
for the CWABS Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2004-AB2
700 South Flower Street, Suite 200
Los Angeles, CA 90017-4104


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused its Corporate Seal to be affixed
hereto and these presents to be signed by its duly authorized officers in
facsimile to become effective as its original seal and signature and binding
on the Company.

                          PMI Mortgage Insurance Co.

                               [GRAPHIC OMITTED]


/s/ L. Stephen Smith                            /s/ Victor J. Bacigalupi
- ----------------------------                    -------------------------------
L. Stephen  Smith, President                    Victor J. Bacigalupi, Secretary

                             --------------------


                                      1


<PAGE>


[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                             TERMS AND CONDITIONS

I.        Definitions

     A.   Acquisition Option means the method of determining the amount of the
          Insurance Benefit with respect to a Loan as set forth in Section V.,
          C., 1.

     B.   Advances means the reasonable and necessary sums paid by the Insured
          with respect to Loan after Default, for the following:

          1.   Hazard insurance premiums;

          2.   Real estate property taxes;

          3.   Property protection and preservation expenses;

          4.   Property sales expenses;

          5.   Customary foreclosure costs including Court Expenses and
               reasonable attorney's fees;

          6.   Costs of other customary legal proceedings, as may be necessary
               to obtain Good and Merchantable Title to or Possession of the
               Property; and

          7.   Loss mitigation expenses.

     C.   Anticipated Loss means, in connection with a Claim, an amount equal
          to the Company's cost of paying the full Claim Amount calculated in
          accordance with Section V., B., less the amount the Company
          reasonably anticipates receiving as net proceeds of the sale of the
          Property, subtracting also from such proceeds all anticipated costs
          of the sale and holding costs, but in any event, such amount shall
          never be greater than the Loss calculated under the Percentage
          Option in accordance with Section V., C., 2.

     D.   Application means the Insured's statements and descriptions, both
          oral and written, relative to the Loan made in connection with the
          application or negotiation for the insurance provided by this
          Policy, including the representations made, and documents executed
          by the Borrower, as evidenced by documents, writings, electronic
          media transfers, telephone data transmissions, and the like.

     E.   Appropriate Proceedings means any legal or administrative action or
          proceeding by the Insured affecting either the Loan or the title to
          the Property, and include, but are not limited to:

          1.   enforcing the terms of the Loan as allowed by the laws where
               the Property is located; or


                                      2


<PAGE>


[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          2.   establishing a deficiency amount where appropriate and
               permissible and where directed by the Company; or

          3.   acquiring all the Borrower's right and title to the Property in
               the Insured's name, but excluding any voluntary conveyance
               under Section IV., D., (Voluntary Conveyance); or

          4.   asserting the Insured's interest in the Property in a
               Borrower's bankruptcy or similar proceeding.

     F.   Borrower means any Person required to repay the debt obligation
          created pursuant to the Loan. The Borrower may be more than one
          Person, and the term shall include any co-signer or guarantor of the
          Loan.

     G.   Borrower's Own Funds means any funds owned by the Borrower and
          neither borrowed from other sources, nor subject to refund, rebate,
          or repayment.

     H.   Borrower's Title means such title to a Property as was vested in the
          Borrower at the time of a conveyance to the Insured extinguishing
          all of the Borrower's rights in the Property; provided, however, if
          the Insured so elects, the redemption period need not have expired.
          The deed evidencing such title in the Insured need not be recorded
          unless required by applicable law.

     I.   Certificate means once all conditions for coverage have been
          satisfied, the number issued by the Company to a Loan, as listed on
          a Certificate Schedule.

     J.   Certificate Schedule means a list of Loans to which coverage has
          been extended under this Policy, and which is attached to this
          Policy, or added thereto by endorsement, and any document issued by
          the Company pursuant to this Policy amending coverage for a Loan.

     K.   Claim means the timely filed written request, made on a form
          provided by or in a manner approved by the Company, to receive
          benefits of this Policy. A Claim received by the Company containing
          all information or proof required by the Company shall be called a
          Perfected Claim.

     L.   Claim Amount means the actual loss incurred by the Insured with
          respect to a Loan as calculated in accordance with Section V., B.,
          (Calculation of Claim Amount) giving effect to adjustments made by
          the Company due to failure of the Insured to mitigate loss.

     M.   Claim Settlement Period means a sixty (60) day period following the
          filing of a Claim with the Company provided that such period shall
          be extended by the number of days elapsed from the date the Company
          sends notice of deficiency of a Claim to the Insured to the date
          that the Insured files a Perfected Claim with the Company.

     N.   Closed means the later of:


                                      3


<PAGE>


[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          1.   The date on which all Loan documents were executed and
               delivered; or

          2.   The date on which the funds under the Loan were initially
               disbursed to or for the benefit of the Borrower.

     O.   Court Expenses means the out-of-pocket cost of initiating and
          conducting Appropriate Proceedings or any eviction proceedings.
          These expenses include costs of filing or serving pleadings,
          conducting discovery and enforcing judgment. These expenses do not
          include reimbursement for any time spent by the Insured or the
          Insured's employees, officers or agents, nor do these expenses
          include attorney's fees.

     P.   Default means the failure by a Borrower to pay when due: (i) an
          amount equal to or greater than one (1) regular periodic payment due
          under the terms of a Loan, or (ii) the failure by a Borrower to pay
          when due all amounts due under a Loan after the exercise by the
          Insured of the "due on sale" provision of such Loan, provided
          however, that a Default as defined in (i) above which is cured
          within 59 days of the payment due date, will not be deemed to be a
          Default for purposes of administration of this Policy unless the
          missed payment is the first payment due under a Loan. Default does
          not mean any other non-monetary default or violation of any other
          term or condition of the Loan, which would allow for acceleration of
          the debt or foreclosure or other action to realize upon the security
          provided by the Loan.

          A Loan is deemed to be in Default for the period for which, as of
          the close of business on the installment due date, a scheduled
          installment payment has not been made. For example, a Loan is "four
          periodic payments in Default" if the periodic payments due on
          January 1 through April 1 remain unpaid as of the close of business
          on April 1.

     Q.   Default Amount means the unpaid principal balance of a Loan as of
          the date of Default excluding any Negative Amortization. If a Loan
          has been divided into secured and unsecured portions pursuant to
          proceedings under the federal bankruptcy laws, the Default Amount
          shall include the unpaid principal balance due under the unsecured
          portion of the Loan even if the Insured has written off such
          unsecured portion of the Loan, provided that the premium paid has
          been calculated based on both the secured and unsecured portions of
          the Loan.

     R.   Deficiency Expenses means reasonable attorneys fees and necessary
          court costs incurred by the Insured for those Appropriate
          Proceedings necessary to pursue or establish a deficiency against
          the Borrower and which are in addition to those incurred in standard
          and customary foreclosure proceedings, plus additional interest
          accruing on the Loan, real estate taxes, casualty insurance premiums
          and Property preservation expenses incurred during such Appropriate
          Proceedings and any additional related redemption period.

     S.   Down Payment means (i) a cash contribution made by the Borrower,
          either prior to or at the time the Loan is Closed, from the
          Borrower's Own Fund's towards the purchase price of the Property, or
          (ii) a


                                      4


<PAGE>


[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          verifiable equity in the Property vested in the Borrower only, after
          completion of the improvements in accordance with the Original
          Appraisal.

     T.   Effective Date means, provided that the premium has been paid as
          required herein, 12:01 a.m. on the date of coverage as indicated on
          the Certificate Schedule.

     U.   Environmental Impairment means Physical Damage to a Property
          occurring by reason of environmental contamination including, but
          not limited to, nuclear reaction or radioactive waste, toxic waste,
          poisoning or pollution of earth or water subjacent to the Property
          or of the atmosphere above the Property; or similar hazard including
          any condition giving rise to liability under the Comprehensive
          Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act or any
          similar law existing under either federal law or the law of the
          state where the Property is located.

     V.   First Party means (a) the Insured or any officer, employee or agent
          of the Insured or (b) any of the following Persons: the
          correspondent lender, mortgage loan broker or other intermediary
          underwriting or originating the Loan on behalf of the Insured or
          originating lender, or escrow or closing agents or anyone under
          contract with the Insured or originating lender in connection with
          the origination of such Loan, such as an appraiser.

     W.   FMV means the fair market value of a Property as of a specific date
          which shall be equal to the lesser of the appraised value or the
          sale price of the Property on that date; or in the event of a
          foreclosure sale, the appraised value or estimated value determined
          in accordance with customary servicing practices, or the value as
          determined under applicable law, where such law prescribes a method
          for determining the value of a Property.

     X.   Good and Merchantable Title means title to the Property, free and
          clear of all liens and encumbrances, covenants, conditions,
          restrictions, easements and rights of redemption, except for:

          1.   Any lien established by public bond, assessment or tax, when no
               installment, call or payment of or under such bond, assessment
               or tax is delinquent; and

          2.   Any municipal or zoning ordinances, building restrictions or
               other restrictions, covenants, regulations of use, provided the
               Property is in compliance with, and its intended use and
               occupancy is not materially adversely affected by, such
               restrictions, covenants, regulations or ordinances; and

          3.   Easements, rights of way, sewer and utility rights, mineral,
               oil or timber rights, or any impediments which will not have a
               materially adverse effect on either the transferability of the
               Property or the sale thereof to a bona fide purchaser.

          The Property must have, at a minimum, the following characteristics
          to establish Good and Merchantable Title: (i) adequate means of
          ingress and egress; (ii) the right to use of water and sewer
          facilities appertaining to the Property, whether such rights be by
          virtue of public easement or private


                                      5


<PAGE>


[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          grant; (iii) the Property must be free of any lien for any toxic
          waste or environmental contamination or similar hazard or claim of
          such hazard pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response
          Compensation and Liability Act, as amended, or similar federal or
          state law providing for liens in connection with the clean up of
          environmental conditions, and no proceedings to initiate such a lien
          may be pending, unless otherwise agreed to by the Company.

     Y.   Insurance Benefit means the liability of the Company with respect to
          a Loan calculated in accordance with this Policy. A right to receive
          an Insurance Benefit shall be deemed to have arisen when a Default
          occurs while the Policy is in force for a Loan, notwithstanding that
          the amount of the Insurance Benefit is not then either presently
          ascertainable or due and payable.

     Z.   Insured means with respect to any Loan:

          1.   The Person designated on the face of this Policy; or

          2.   Any Person, other than a natural Person, who owns the Loan,
               either for its own benefit or as trustee for the benefit of a
               third party.

     AA.  Loan means any note or other evidence of indebtedness and the
          indebtedness it so evidences, together with the mortgage, bond, deed
          of trust, or other instrument securing said indebtedness, and to
          which coverage under this Policy has been extended.

     BB.  Negative Amortization means the additions to the principal amount of
          a Loan arising from the insufficiency of regularly scheduled
          payments to cover interest as it accrues against the principal
          amount of the Loan as provided for therein.

     CC.  Original Appraisal means the appraisal, other report or description
          of the Property, obtained by the lender under the Loan at the time
          it was originated, which establishes the value of the Property at
          that time.

     DD.  Percentage Option means the method of determining the amount of the
          Insurance Benefit with respect to a Loan set forth in Section V.,
          C., 2.

     EE.  Person means any individual natural person, or any corporation,
          partnership, association or other legally recognized entity.

     FF.  Physical Damage means tangible damage to a Property that materially
          adversely affects the use, marketability, or value of the Property,
          whether caused by accident or otherwise, including, but not limited
          to damage caused by reason of fire, destruction of tangible
          property, defects in construction, land subsidence, earth movement
          or slippage, flood, earthquake, war, civil insurrection, or riot;
          and further, Physical Damage includes Environmental Impairment and
          the destruction or removal of chattel items that are considered part
          of the Property (see Section I., KK., [Property]) For purposes of
          this definition "material" shall mean an amount equal to or greater
          than $1,500.00 such that the estimated cost to repair a Property is
          $1,500.00 or more before the exclusion set forth in Section III.,


                                      6


<PAGE>


[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          G., (Physical Damage Exclusion) would apply to exclude coverage for
          a Loan. The presence of radon gas, lead paint or asbestos in the
          dwelling on the Property shall not be deemed to be Physical Damage.

     GG.  Policy means this contract of insurance together with all
          Applications, all endorsements, and the Certificate Schedule, all of
          which are incorporated herein for all purposes.

     HH.  Possession of the Property means actual and physical occupancy and
          control of the Property.

     II.  Pre-Arranged Sale means:

          1.   A sale of a Property, with the prior approval of the Company,
               arranged by the Insured (or by the Borrower and approved by the
               Insured) prior to foreclosure because of a Default by a
               Borrower, or by the Insured after foreclosure and before
               expiration of the Claim Settlement Period; or

          2.   A foreclosure or trustee's sale of a Property to a third party,
               or redemption from foreclosure, at a price equal to or greater
               than the minimum amount specified by the Company to be bid by
               the Insured at such sale.

     JJ.  Pre-Arranged Sale Option means the method of determining the amount
          of the Insurance Benefit with respect to a Loan set forth in Section
          V., C., 3.

     KK.  Property means the real property and all improvements thereon
          including any chattel items (including any built-in appliances)
          which are noted in the Original Appraisal, including all
          replacements or additions thereto, together with all easements and
          appurtenances, all rights of access, all rights to use, as well as
          any co-ownership interests in common areas, recreational and
          appurtenant facilities, and all replacements or additions thereto.

     LL.  Residential means:

          1.   A type of building which is designed for occupancy by not more
               than four families; or

          2.   A single-family condominium or planned unit development unit;
               or

          3.   Any other single-family residence unit as to which Good and
               Merchantable Title may be held or conveyed freely under law,
               and which the Company has approved in writing.

     MM.  Servicer means that Person, other than a natural Person, who at any
          time is servicing a Loan (as a master servicer, if subservicing is
          also involved) with respect to the Insured's obligations under the
          Policy. The Insured shall be presumed to be the Servicer unless the
          Company is notified otherwise.

     NN.  Uninsured Casualty means Physical Damage to a Property which is
          either not covered by casualty insurance, or not covered in an
          amount sufficient to restore such Physical Damage to the Property.


                                      7


<PAGE>


[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     OO.  Uninsured Loan Balance means, at any time, with respect to a Loan,
          the estimated Claim Amount less the Insurance Benefit estimated
          pursuant to the Percentage Option.

     PP.  Any pronouns, when used herein, shall mean the single or plural,
          masculine or feminine, as the case may be.

     II.  Coverage

     A.   Extension of and Level of Coverage- Extension of coverage to a Loan
          under this Policy shall be evidenced by issuance of a Certificate
          number on the Certificate Schedule. The Certificate Schedule and the
          Application for each Loan are incorporated herein by reference and
          made a part hereof for all purposes. The Policy is issued in
          reliance upon the Application and on the representations made in
          connection therewith. Coverage shall commence upon the payment of
          the initial premium, as of the Effective Date of the Certificate
          Schedule. The coverage level for each Loan shall be indicated on the
          Certificate Schedule.

     B.   Initial Premium - On the Effective Date of the Certificate Schedule,
          the Insured shall forward the appropriate initial premium due to the
          Company to establish coverage as of the Effective Date.

     C.   Payment of Renewal Premium - For coverage to be renewed, the entire
          renewal premium must be paid no later than the fifteenth (15th) day
          of the second month following the month in which each anniversary of
          the Effective Date occurs. For example, if the Effective Date was
          January 12, renewal premium must be paid by March 15. The Company
          shall give the Servicer, if a Servicer is shown on the records of
          the Company, or otherwise, the Insured, notice of the renewal
          premium due date. If the renewal premium is not paid by the last day
          of the grace period provided above, then the liability of the
          Company shall terminate as of 12:01 a.m. on the later of the last
          anniversary of the Effective Date through which the premium has been
          paid, or, if a non-payment notice is required by applicable law, the
          last day of the cure period specified in such non-payment notice or
          as may be required by applicable law (the "Lapse Date"). However,
          failure to pay a renewal premium will not impair or terminate
          coverage for Defaults occurring prior to the Lapse Date.
          Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the renewal premium is not paid by
          the last day of the above-stated grace period and such Loan is among
          a group of Loans whose coverage has lapsed due to the transfer,
          seizure or surrender of the servicing for such Loans, the Insured
          shall have an additional sixty (60) day grace period in which to pay
          the renewal premium for such Loan.

     D.   Full Premium Payment - The Company shall have the right to hold in a
          suspense account for up to ninety (90) days any premium payment
          received, without obligation to apply such premium to coverage while
          any of the following circumstances exist:

          1.   The payment received is less than the full amount of the
               premium due with respect to a Certificate;
          2.   Information received with the payment is insufficient to
               identify the Loan to which the payment applies.


                                      8


<PAGE>


[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          At the end of the ninety (90) day period if the Company has not been
          able to resolve the suspended premium payment with the Insured, then
          the Company shall either refund the payment or be deemed to have
          accepted and applied it without lapse of coverage. Where the Company
          has received notice that there is a Servicer for a Loan then, if a
          premium is refunded, the Insured shall be notified that such refund
          was made and shall have sixty (60) days from such notice to cure or
          perform the conditions precedent to coverage.

     E.   Cancellation by the Insured of Coverage for a Loan - The Insured may
          cancel coverage with respect to a Loan by making a request for
          cancellation to the Company in writing or via any medium acceptable
          to the Company. Upon receipt thereof, for coverage having refundable
          premiums, the Company shall refund such sum as may be determined to
          be due in accordance with the appropriate cancellation or premium
          schedule. The Company reserves the right to net out any unpaid
          premium from any premium refund. However, no refund on a Certificate
          will be paid if a notice of Default has been filed unless the
          Insured waives its rights to the Insurance Benefit with respect to
          that Loan. Cancellation of coverage for a Loan will not cancel this
          Policy.

     F.   Cancellation of Policy - Once coverage has become effective with
          respect to a Loan, this Policy may not be canceled by the Company
          for as long as any Certificate assigned under this Policy remains in
          force. If the Insured desires to cancel this Policy, it may do so by
          canceling all outstanding Certificates that have been issued under
          this Policy.

     G.   Loan Modifications - Unless prior written approval is obtained from
          the Company, the Insured shall not make any change in the terms of
          any Loan including, but not limited to, any change in the amount of
          the indebtedness, the interest rate, the use of escrow funds or
          other funds, term or amortization schedule of the Loan, change in
          the Property, nor release any Borrower from liability on a Loan,
          provided, however, that changes in the Loan permitted by the
          instrument evidencing the Loan shall be deemed approved without
          prior approval.

     H.   Assumptions and Balloon Restructures - The renewal or restructure of
          a Loan at the maturity of a Balloon Payment (hereinafter defined)
          and the assumption of a Loan by a purchaser of the Property, with or
          without the release of the original Borrower, are changes to a Loan
          requiring the Company's prior approval as set forth in Section II.,
          G., (Loan Modifications) above, provided, however, that if under
          applicable law, the Insured cannot enforce the "Due on Sale"
          provision of a Loan, then the Company will be deemed to have
          approved the assumption of such Loan. Notwithstanding anything to
          the contrary in this Section II., H., the Company will be deemed to
          have approved the assumption of any Loan where no release is
          requested and under Section II-406.02 of the Federal National
          Mortgage Association's Servicing Guide or any successor provision
          thereof, or any similar provision of the Federal Home Loan
          Corporation's Sellers' & Servicers' Guide, the assumption is an
          "exempt transaction" that the Servicer is to approve without review
          of the terms of the transaction.

     I.   Increase in Loan Amount - In addition to the approval requirement of
          Section II., G., (Loan Modifications) above, if the principal
          balance of a Loan is increased (excluding any Negative


                                      9


<PAGE>


[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          Amortization), the Insured shall pay an additional premium
          corresponding to the increase in coverage, at the then prevailing
          premium rate.

     J.   Approval of Loan Modifications - The Company shall not unreasonably
          withhold any approval required to be obtained in connection with any
          of the changes listed in Sections II., G., and H.,; however, failure
          by the Insured to obtain any such approval with respect to any Loan
          shall constitute a waiver of coverage for that Loan and the Company
          shall refund premium for the period following such waiver.

     K.   Servicing - The Loans will be serviced by one of five servicers
          qualified and approved by the Company and the Insured. Unless the
          prior written approval of the Company is obtained, the Servicing of
          any of the Loans may not be transferred, sold, or assigned unless
          such transfer, sale or assignment is approved in writing by the
          Company. The Company shall not unreasonably withhold approval of a
          proposed servicer. The Company's approval shall be deemed to be
          given for the transfer, sale or assignment of all or part of the
          Loans to a federally insured bank or savings association, an
          institutional investor, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation
          ("Freddie Mac"), Fannie Mae, or to a Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac
          approved mortgage banker, provided that notice of the same is given
          as required by this paragraph.

     L.   Change of Insured - If all of the Loans are transferred, sold or
          assigned by the Insured, coverage will continue PROVIDED THAT (a)
          notice thereof is given to the Company within thirty (30) days of
          such change, (b) the change in ownership, however denominated, is
          not occasioned by the redemption, repurchase, cancellation or other
          method of extinguishing the transaction pursuant to which the Loans
          were securitized, and (c) the Company approves the change in
          writing. The Company shall not unreasonably withhold approval of an
          new Insured.

     M.   Coordination and Duplication of Insurance Benefits -

          1.   If any portion of a Loan is uninsured, all payments made by the
               Borrower on the Loan shall be allocated to the insured portion
               of the Loan in the same ratio as the insured principal amount
               bears to the total principal amount of the Loan. The Insurance
               Benefit hereunder shall likewise be calculated on the same pro
               rata basis.

          2.   The Insured shall not carry duplicate mortgage guaranty
               insurance (other than mortgage guaranty pool insurance or
               supplemental mortgage guaranty insurance) on any Loan.

          3.   If at the time of Default there is any other valid and
               collectible insurance in effect for the Loan which would attach
               if this insurance were not in effect, then the coverage under
               this Policy shall apply only as excess coverage and in no event
               as contributing insurance.

     N.   Mitigation of Loss - The Insured and its Servicer shall attempt to
          limit and mitigate loss by adhering to customary servicing standards
          applicable to delinquent Loans, which may include in appropriate
          cases, but is not limited to, trying to obtain a cure of Defaults
          and trying to effectuate a Pre-Arranged


                                      10


<PAGE>


[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------


          Sale or voluntary conveyance of the Property. The Insured shall
          permit the Company to participate in workout activities for any Loan
          in Default. Failure of the Insured to materially comply with this
          Section II., N., with respect to any Loan shall entitle the Company
          to adjust the Claim Amount by the amount the Company was damaged by
          such noncompliance. The Company shall attempt to limit and mitigate
          any loss to the Insured which will not be covered by the Insurance
          Benefit provided under this Policy.

III.      Exclusions from Coverage

     The Company shall not be liable for, and the Policy shall not apply
     to, extend to or cover the exclusions listed below. In the event
     that coverage is excluded for any Loan, the Company will refund all
     premium for that Loan for the period following the occurrence of the
     event giving rise to such exclusion. Except where prohibited by law,
     if the damage to the Company arising from an excluded event can be
     reasonably quantified, the Company shall adjust the Claim Amount by
     the amount of such damage rather than exclude coverage altogether
     for such Loan, unless a refund of premium as provided for in the
     preceding sentence would provide a greater payment to the Insured.

     A.   Balloon Payment Exclusion - Any Claim arising out of or in
          connection with the failure of the Borrower to make any payment of
          principal and interest due under the Loan, which payment becomes due
          when the Insured exercises its right to call the Loan when not in
          default or because the term of the Loan is shorter than the
          amortization period, and which payment is for an amount more than
          twice the regular periodic payment of principal and interest that
          are set forth in the Loan (commonly referred to as a "Balloon
          Payment"); provided, however, that this Exclusion shall not apply if
          the Insured or its Servicer offers the Borrower in writing, before
          the due date of the Balloon Payment, a renewal or extension of the
          Loan, or a new loan at then current market rates, in an amount not
          less than the then outstanding principal balance and with no
          decrease in the amortization period and the Borrower declines to
          seek such renewal or refinancing.

     B.   Effective Date Exclusion - Any Claim resulting from a Default
          occurring before the Effective Date of the Policy or after its
          lapse, cancellation, or expiration; or after coverage is canceled
          with respect to the Loan.

     C.   Incomplete Construction Exclusion - Any Claim when, as of the date
          of such Claim, construction of the Property had not been completed
          in accordance with the construction plans and specifications
          approved by the Loan originator at the time the Loan was originated
          or in accordance with the Original Appraisal. (This Incomplete
          Construction Exclusion shall not apply if the construction of the
          Property has been fully completed and, if Physical Damage occurs
          during construction, any repairs necessary to restore the Property
          to its complete condition, reasonable wear and tear excepted, have
          been completed.) However, coverage for a Default occurring during
          construction may be excluded by Section III., B., (Effective Date
          Exclusion) above.

     D.   Residential Property Exclusion - Any Claim where the Property is
          not, as of the date the Loan is Closed, on the Effective Date, and
          on the date the Claim is filed, Residential real property.


                                      11


<PAGE>


[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     E.   Negligence and Fraud Exclusion - Any Claim involving or arising out
          of, or any Claim where the origination of the Loan or extension of
          coverage hereunder involved or arose out of, any dishonest,
          fraudulent, criminal, or knowingly wrongful act (including error or
          omission) by the Insured, the Servicer or any agent of the Insured
          or Servicer; or any Claim involving or arising out of the negligence
          of the Insured or the Servicer, which negligence is material either
          to the acceptance of the risk or to the hazard assumed by the
          Company.

     F.   Non-Approved Servicer Exclusion - Any Claim occurring when the
          Servicer, at the time of Default or thereafter, was not approved by
          the Company, provided, however, that this Non-Approved Servicer
          Exclusion shall not apply to any Loan for which a Default occurs
          within 150 days after the Company withdraws approval of the Servicer
          for such Loan. If the Company decides to withdraw approval of a
          Servicer it shall give written notice of that decision to the
          Insured for each affected Loan as shown in the Company's records.

     G.   Physical Damage Exclusion - Any Claim where there is Physical Damage
          to the Property, occurring or manifesting itself after the Effective
          Date; provided, however, that this exclusion will not apply (i.e.,
          the Company will provide coverage for a Claim) where Physical Damage
          has occurred to the Property if:

          1.   The Default giving rise to a Claim was not primarily caused by
               an Uninsured Casualty occurring prior to such Default, and the
               Company has elected to pay either the Percentage Option or the
               Pre-Arranged Sale Option as the Insurance Benefit for the Loan;
               or

          2.   The Property has been restored to its condition as reported in
               the Original Appraisal (as fully completed), reasonable wear
               and tear excepted. The Insured may elect to accept a reduction
               in the Claim Amount by an amount equal to the estimated cost to
               completely restore the Property as would otherwise be required
               by this exclusion rather than be required to restore the
               Property to obtain an Insurance Benefit under this Policy. In
               the event the Company relies on an estimate for such
               restoration that is not obtained by the Insured, then the
               Company shall, at the request of the Insured, provide a copy of
               such estimate to the Insured.

     H.   Loan to Value Ratio Exclusion - Any Claim where the original
          principal balance of the Loan exceeded one hundred percent (100%) of
          the FMV of the Property at the time the Loan was originated, and
          such fact was not disclosed to the Company at the time coverage
          under this Policy was extended to such Loan.

     I.   Negative Amortization Exclusion - Unless otherwise endorsed, any
          Negative Amortization with respect to a Loan.

     J.   Defenses to Loan Exclusion - That portion of any Claim equal to the
          amount of the indebtedness from which the Borrower is released, or
          any Claim against which the Borrower successfully asserts defenses
          that have the effect of releasing, in whole or in part, the
          Borrower's obligations to repay the


                                      12


<PAGE>


[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          Loan, provided, however, this Defenses to Loan Exclusion shall not
          apply where the release of the Borrower is the result of a
          bankruptcy "cram down" so long as the Insured has continued to pay
          premium on the full amount of the indebtedness and that all other
          conditions of this Policy have met.

     K.   Environmental Impairment Exclusion - Any Claim where there is
          Environmental Impairment to the Property which existed prior to the
          Effective Date if the existence, or suspected existence, of the
          Environmental Impairment was not disclosed in the Application and
          the Environmental Impairment (i) is a principal cause of the
          Default, and (ii) has made the principal Residential structure on
          the Property uninhabitable. A structure will be considered
          "uninhabitable" if generally recognized standards for residential
          occupancy are violated or if, in the absence of such standards, a
          fully informed and reasonable person would conclude that such
          structure was not safe to live in without fear of injury to health
          or safety. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this exclusion shall not
          apply if the Insured has removed or remedied the condition that
          constitutes the Environmental Impairment or the Insured has removed
          the hazardous character of such condition in accordance with
          applicable federal, state or local laws.

IV.       Conditions Precedent to Payment of Claim

     The following Claim payment procedures contain the conditions
     precedent to, and additional limitations upon the Company's
     obligation to pay Insurance Benefits under this Policy:

     A.   Notice of Default - The Insured shall give the Company notice:

          1.   Within forty-five (45) days of Default, if it occurs when the
               first payment is due under a Loan; or

          2.   Not later than the last business day of the month following the
               month in which the first of the following events occur:

               a. The date when the Borrower becomes three (3) periodic
               payments in Default on the Loan if the periodic payments are
               made monthly, and not later than ninety (90) days after the
               occurrence of a Default for Loans having periodic payments more
               often than once a month; or

               b. Foreclosure or other Appropriate Proceedings have been
               commenced.

          Such notice shall be on forms provided by or approved by the Company
          or via a medium acceptable to the Company. Unavailability of Company
          forms is not a valid reason for delay in reporting. Failure to
          report a Default as required by this Section IV., B., shall entitle
          the Company to deduct from the Claimable Amount of a Claim thirty
          (30) days of interest accruing on the Loan during the period between
          the date the notice of Default should have been filed and the date
          it was submitted to the Company.

     B.   Monthly Reports - Following a notice of Default on a Loan or the
          commencement of Appropriate Proceedings, the Insured shall give the
          Company monthly reports on forms furnished or approved by


                                      13


<PAGE>


[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          the Company or via a medium acceptable to the Company, on the status
          of the Loan and on the servicing efforts undertaken to remedy the
          Default or conclude the Appropriate Proceedings. These monthly
          reports shall continue until the Borrower is no longer in Default,
          the Appropriate Proceedings terminate, or until title to the
          Property has been transferred to the Insured.

     C.   Company's Options after Notice of Default - If the Company so
          directs, at any time after receiving the Insured's notice of
          Default, the Insured shall file a Claim within twenty (20) days and
          the Company may elect to pay the Insurance Benefit pursuant to the
          Percentage Option. Thereafter, following the Insured's acquisition
          of the Borrower's Title to the Property, the Insured shall be
          entitled to file a supplemental Claim in an amount equal to the sum
          of the Advances not included in the initial Claim, plus any
          Deficiency Expenses (See Section I.,R.) subject to the limitations
          and deductions of Section V., B., (Calculation of Claim Amount) and
          such supplemental Claim shall be paid by the Company in accordance
          with the Percentage Option.

     D.   Voluntary Conveyance - The Insured may accept a conveyance of title
          from the Borrower in lieu of foreclosure or other proceedings if:

          1.   The ability of the Insured to preserve, transfer and assign to
               the Company the Insured's rights against the Borrower is not
               impaired; and

          2.   The rights of the Company under this Policy against such
               Borrower are not adversely affected; or if

          3.   The written approval of the Company has been obtained;
               provided, however, it is understood that such approval shall
               not constitute nor be deemed an admission of liability by the
               Company with respect to coverage for the related Loan.

     E.   Appropriate Proceedings - The Insured MUST begin Appropriate
          Proceedings when the Loan becomes six (6) months in Default unless
          the Company provides written instructions that some other action be
          taken. The Company reserves the right to direct the Insured to
          institute Appropriate Proceedings at any time after Default. When
          either defending against or bringing Appropriate Proceedings, the
          Insured shall report the status of these proceedings to the Company
          as reasonably and expeditiously as possible.

          In conducting Appropriate Proceedings, the Insured shall:

          1.   Diligently pursue the Appropriate Proceedings once they have
               begun;

          2.   Apply for the appointment of a receiver and assignment of
               rents, if permitted by law, requested by the Company, and
               appropriate for the Property;

          3.   At the request of the Company, furnish the Company with copies
               of all notices and pleadings filed or required in the
               Appropriate Proceedings;


                                      14


<PAGE>


[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          4.   Act so that its ability to preserve, transfer and assign to the
               Company its rights against the Borrower is not impaired; and so
               that the rights of the Company under this Policy against the
               Borrower are not adversely affected, including any rights to
               obtain a deficiency judgment, provided that the Insured shall
               not be required to pursue or establish a deficiency against the
               Borrower in those states where the Company is not permitted to
               pursue such a deficiency;

          5.   Bid an amount at the foreclosure sale which is not less than
               the minimum amount nor more than the maximum amount set forth
               below, unless the Company notifies the Insured of other
               instructions or waives its right to give bidding instructions,
               in writing.

               a. If the FMV of a Property is less than the Uninsured Loan
               Balance, the Insured shall start bidding at not less than the
               FMV of the Property and may continue bidding up to a maximum of
               the Uninsured Loan Balance.

               b. If the FMV of a Property is greater than the Uninsured Loan
               Balance, the Insured shall start bidding at not less than the
               Uninsured Loan Balance up to a maximum amount equal to the
               Claim Amount.

               If other bidding instructions are provided they will not
               specify a maximum bid that is less than the Uninsured Loan
               Balance, and, if the Property is subject to redemption for less
               than the outstanding amount of the Loan, then such other
               bidding instructions will not specify an opening bid of less
               than the Uninsured Loan Balance.

     F.   Pre-Arranged Sales - In the event of Default on a Loan, it shall be
          a condition precedent to payment of any Insurance Benefit on the
          Loan that (i) the Insured attempt to obtain a Pre-Arranged Sale of
          the Property whenever reasonable, and (ii) the Insured shall
          authorize its broker, when requested by the Company, to release
          marketing information for the Property to the Company, if requested
          by the Company, unless the Insured shall have notified the broker
          that the Company's right to acquire the Property has expired or been
          waived. For purposes of this section, a "Pre-Arranged Sale Offer"
          means an offer to purchase the Property received by the Insured,
          together with a schedule of (i) expense items proposed by the
          Insured to be included in the settlement amount of the Pre-Arranged
          Sale Offer is accepted and the proposed Property sale closes, and
          (ii) the Insured's then-estimated amounts thereof. Pre-Arranged Sale
          Offers that the Insured chooses to submit to the Company will be
          approved or rejected by the Company.

     G.   Claim Requirements - The Insured must provide the Company with:

          1.   A completed form furnished or approved by the Company for
               payment of a Claim ("Claim for Loss Form"); and

          2.   All information reasonably requested on the Claim for Loss Form
               together with all documentation requested on or necessary to
               complete such Claim for Loss Form; and


                                      15


<PAGE>

[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          3.   Evidence satisfactory to the Company that the Insured has
               acquired the Borrower's Title to the Property, except where the
               Company has elected the Pre-Arranged Sale Option provided,
               however, if the primary cause of the Default was a circumstance
               or event which would prevent the Insured from obtaining Good
               and Merchantable Title, then no matter which settlement option
               the Company elects, the Insured must comply with the
               requirements of Section IV., G., 4, as if the Company had
               elected the Acquisition Option; and

          4.   In the event the Company elects the Acquisition Option, a
               recordable deed in normal and customary form containing the
               usual warranties and covenants conveying to the Company or its
               designee Good and Merchantable Title to the Property, along
               with evidence satisfactory to the Company that the Insured has
               acquired and can convey to the Company or its designee Good and
               Merchantable Title to the Property; and

          5.   All other documentation or information reasonably requested by
               the Company for purposes of investigating and/or adjusting the
               Claim; and

          6.   Access to the Property for purposes of determining its value,
               and for investigating and/or adjusting the Claim; provided,
               however, if the Company elects the Acquisition Option, then
               Possession of the Property must be provided by the Insured,
               unless the Company waives this requirement in writing.

V.        Loss Payment Procedure

     A.   Filing of Claim - The Insured shall file a Claim no later than sixty
          (60) days after the earlier of acquiring the Borrower's Title to the
          Property or a Pre-Arranged Sale, provided that if the Company elects
          to acquire the Property, then no later than sixty (60) days after
          the Insured acquires Good and Merchantable Title to the Property.
          Failure of the Insured to file a Claim within this time period shall
          (i) relieve the Company of any obligation to include in the Claim
          Amount interest and Advances accruing on the Loan after such sixty
          (60) day period has expired, and (ii) entitle the Company to adjust
          such Claim to the extent that the Company is prejudiced by such late
          filing of the Claim, up to 100% of the Insurance Benefit.

          Unavailability of Company forms is not a valid reason to delay
          filing a Claim. If a Claim filed by the Insured is incomplete the
          Company shall within twenty (20) days of receipt of a Claim, notify
          the Insured of all items needed to perfect such Claim. If no notice
          of deficiency of the Claim is sent within the twenty (20) day period
          following receipt of the Claim by the Company, then the Claim shall
          be deemed to be perfected as of the date the Company received the
          Claim.

     B.   Calculation of Claim Amount - The Claim Amount for any Loan shall be
          an amount equal to the sum of:


                                      16


<PAGE>

[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          1.   The Default Amount but excluding any portion of the principal
               balance attributable to any increase therein after the first
               payment is due and payable, and excluding capitalized penalty
               interest or late payment charges. (See Section III., I.,
               (Negative Amortization Exclusion) THIS POLICY DOES NOT COVER
               NEGATIVE AMORTIZATION UNLESS SUCH COVERAGE IS ENDORSED FOR A
               LOAN); and

          2.   The amount of accumulated delinquent interest due on the Loan
               at the contract rate stated in the Loan from the date of
               Default through the date that the Claim is submitted to the
               Company, but excluding applicable late charges and penalty
               interest; additional interest computed on the Default Amount
               until the Pre-Arranged Sale of the Property, and thereafter
               until the Pre-Arranged Sale closing information is submitted,
               computed on the Default Amount reduced by the net proceeds of
               such Pre-Arranged Sale (For purposes of this Section, "late
               charges and penalty interest" includes, but is not limited to,
               increases in interest rate caused by non-performance of the
               Borrower. In no event will the Claim Amount include interest at
               a rate other than what the Insured would receive if the Loan
               were paid as current in accordance with its own terms); and

          3.   The amount of Advances made by the Insured; provided that:

               a. Attorney's fees advanced thereunder shall not exceed three
               percent (3%) of the sum of the (1) and (2) above; and

               b. Payment for Advances other than Attorney's fees, shall be
               prorated through the earlier of the date the Claim is submitted
               to the Company or the Pre-Arranged Sale of the Property;

          less:
          ----

          4.   All rents and other payments (excluding proceeds of fire and
               extended coverage insurance and proceeds of a Pre-Arranged
               Sale) collected or received by the Insured, which are derived
               from or in any way related to the Property;

          5.   The amount of cash available to the Insured remaining in any
               escrow account as of the last payment date;

          6.   The amount of cash to which the Insured has retained the right
               of possession as security for the Loan; and

          7.   The amount paid under applicable fire and extended coverage
               policies which has not been applied to either the restoration
               of the Property, if the Property suffered Physical Damage, or
               to the payment of the Loan; and


                                      17


<PAGE>


[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          8.   The amount expended by the Insured for Advances requiring
               approval by the Company which are not in compliance with the
               Company's guidelines and which have not been approved by the
               Company.

     C.   Payment of Insurance Benefit - The Company, at its sole option,
          shall elect one of the following three options and pay to the
          Insured, on or before the last day of the Claim Settlement Period,
          as the Insurance Benefit, either:

          1.   The Acquisition Option which shall equal the Claim Amount less
               the amount of any payments of Loss previously made by the
               Company with respect to the Loan, payable in exchange for the
               conveyance of Good and Merchantable Title to and Possession of
               the Property; provided, however, that if the Insured is unable
               to perform any conditions precedent to payment of a Claim
               within the later of thirty (30) days after the redemption
               period or ninety (90) days after the Claim Adjustment Period,
               then, so long as the Claim is not otherwise excluded, the
               Insured may retain title to the Property and the Insurance
               Benefit under this Acquisition Option shall be an amount equal
               to the Company's Anticipated Loss in connection with such
               Property ; or

          2.   The Percentage Option which is an amount equal to the Claim
               Amount multiplied by the percentage of coverage specified in
               this Policy, or

          3.   The Pre-Arranged Sale Option is an amount equal to the lesser
               of the Percentage Option or the Insured's actual loss in
               connection with a Pre-Arranged Sale of the Property. The
               Insured's actual loss shall be an amount equal to the Claim
               Amount plus all reasonable costs incurred in obtaining and
               closing such sale less the proceeds of the Pre-Arranged Sale.

          In addition to payment under one of the foregoing options, the
          Company will pay whatever Deficiency Expenses are payable to the
          Insured pursuant to Section V., D. (Deficiency Expenses).

          In the event that a Pre-Arranged Sale fails to close prior to the
          end of the Claim Settlement Period, the Company may postpone payment
          of the Insurance Benefit for up to (90) ninety days, or if earlier,
          until such Pre-Arranged Sale closes or is terminated, provided that
          interest on the Default Amount at the rate due upon the Loan during
          such postponement is paid to the Insured.

          Further, in the event the Property is redeemed after the payment of
          the Percentage Option, the Insured shall be obligated to promptly
          refund to the Company the amount, if any, by which the redemption
          price plus the Insurance Benefit exceeds the Claim Amount.

          In the event the Company does not pay the Insurance Benefit within
          the Claim Settlement Period, it will pay interest on the Insurance
          Benefit at the rate due under the Loan from the last day of the
          Claim Settlement Period until the Claim is paid.

     D.   Deficiency Expenses - Notwithstanding the provisions of Section V.,
          C., (Payment of Insurance Benefit) above, in the case where a
          deficiency against the Borrower is being pursued solely at the


                                      18


<PAGE>


[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          request of the Company, then any Deficiency Expenses shall be added
          to the amount of the Insurance Benefit. If a deficiency against a
          Borrower is being pursued as part of Appropriate Proceedings, for
          the benefit of both the Insured and the Company, then at the time
          such deficiency rights are established or a deficiency judgment is
          obtained, whichever shall occur first, the Deficiency Expenses plus
          any similar expenses incurred by the Company in connection with such
          deficiency shall be settled between the parties on the same pro rata
          basis set forth in Section VI., B. (Subrogation) for the settlement
          of deficiency recoveries. Expenses and costs arising after that
          point shall be treated as collection expenses to be netted against
          the deficiency recovery, if any, (and, if none, to be shared between
          the parties on the same pro rata basis when it becomes clear that
          nothing will be recovered).

          To facilitate the decision of whether to pursue or establish a
          deficiency against a Borrower, the Insured shall provide the Company
          with any information it may have relevant to collecting on a
          deficiency judgment for that case. The Company will discuss all such
          information it may have with the Insured so that the parties can
          decide whether any Appropriate Proceedings (necessary to
          establishing or pursuing a deficiency) are to be pursued for the
          benefit of both parties or whether one of the parties will elect not
          to participate in any recovery. The Insured will be deemed to be
          participating in Appropriate Proceedings solely at the request of
          the Company when such proceedings are not a condition precedent to
          obtaining Borrower's Title to or Possession of a Property and, after
          the parties have exchanged information on the Loan, the Insured has
          advised the Company in writing why the Insured does not wish to
          participate in such proceedings.

     E.   Discharge of Obligation - Any payment by the Company in accordance
          with Section V., C., (Payment of Insurance Benefit) and, if
          applicable, Section V., D., (Deficiency Expenses) or Section IV.,
          C., (Company's Options after Notice of Default), taking into account
          appropriate adjustments, shall be a full and final discharge of the
          Company's obligation under this Policy with respect to the related
          Loan. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Company shall not
          be relieved of its obligation to pay any appropriate supplemental
          Claims filed pursuant to Section IV., C., (Company's Options after
          Notice of Default) or as may otherwise be agreed to by the Company.


VI.       Additional Conditions

     A.   Proceedings of Eminent Domain - In the event that part or all of the
          Property is taken by eminent domain, condemnation or by any other
          proceedings by federal, state or local governmental unit or agency,
          the Insured shall require that the Borrower apply the maximum
          permissible amount of any compensation awarded in such proceedings
          to reduce the principal balance of the Loan, in accordance with the
          law of the jurisdiction where the Property is located.

     B.   Subrogation - The Company shall be subrogated pro rata, to the full
          extent permitted by law (except where the Company is prohibited by
          law from pursuing recovery of a Loan), to all of the Insured's
          Recovery Rights with respect to a Loan, upon payment of a Claim
          hereunder. "Recovery Rights" shall mean all rights of recovery
          against the Borrower and any other Person or organization relating
          to the Loan or to the Property. The Company's pro rata share of the
          net deficiency recovered (i.e., amounts


                                      19


<PAGE>


[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          recovered less reasonable costs and expenses) with respect to any
          Loan shall be the amount of the Insurance Benefit divided by the
          amount of the deficiency judgment. Internal staff costs and overhead
          expenses shall not be deducted in determining the amount of a net
          deficiency recovery unless specifically agreed to in writing by the
          parties.

          The Insured hereby designates the Company its exclusive agent (i) to
          pursue all of the Insured's Recovery Rights to which the Company has
          not become subrogated by payment of a Claim (i.e., the Insured's
          share of the Recovery Rights), (ii) to file any action in the
          Company's name as assignee of the Insured, to collect on the
          Insured's Recovery Rights, and (iii) to settle and compromise any
          such Recovery Rights on behalf of the Insured, it being understood
          and agreed that the Company shall have the exclusive rights to
          pursue and settle all Recovery Rights for any Loan on which a Claim
          payment is made hereunder, unless waived in writing by the Company.
          If the Company decides not to pursue Recovery Rights with respect to
          a Loan, then the Company shall issue a written waiver of its
          subrogation and management rights to the Insured. The Insured shall
          execute and deliver at the request of the Company such instruments
          and documents, and undertake such actions as may be necessary to
          transfer, assign and secure such Recovery Rights to the Company. The
          Insured shall refrain from any action, either before or after
          payment of a Claim hereunder that shall prejudice such Recovery
          Rights.

          Notwithstanding any provision in the foregoing paragraph to the
          contrary, in the event the Insured has, in addition to Recovery
          Rights against a Borrower or any other Person, a claim or claims
          against such Borrower or other Person not related to the Recovery
          Rights, then the Insured shall have the right to pursue in its own
          name all the Recovery Rights in conjunction with the Insured's other
          claim or claims, and the Company will waive its right to manage the
          pursuit of the Recovery Rights.

          The execution by the authorized party, even if it be a party other
          than the Insured, of a release or waiver of the right to collect the
          unpaid balance of a Loan, if it has such effect, shall release the
          Company from its obligations hereunder to the extent and amount of
          such release or waiver, unless the Company is prohibited by law from
          pursuing recovery of such Loan.

     C.   Representations and Reliance; Incontestability - All statements made
          by the Insured, the Servicer, the Borrower or any other Person in
          any part of the Application, including the Original Appraisal, plans
          and specifications, or any exhibits or documents submitted
          therewith, are deemed to be the Insured's representations. The
          Company has issued this Policy and has extended coverage to each
          Loan listed on the Certificate Schedule in reliance on the
          correctness and completeness of such representations as made or
          deemed to be made by the Insured.

          No Claim otherwise payable under this Policy with respect to a Loan
          will be denied, nor will the coverage for such Loan be rescinded,
          based on any misrepresentation in the Application made by the
          Borrower or any Person other than a First Party, once twelve (12)
          regularly scheduled periodic payments have been made on that Loan
          from the Borrower's Own Funds.


                                      20


<PAGE>


[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section VI., C.,,
          the Company will not be precluded from denying a Claim or rescinding
          coverage for a Loan where prior to the Borrower making twelve (12)
          regularly scheduled payments from the Borrower's Own Funds, the
          Company notifies the Insured in writing that the Company has
          sufficient evidence to establish a reasonable belief that there was
          a material misrepresentation made in the Application with respect to
          such Loan and the Company provides a reasonable description of such
          misrepresentation.

     D.   Notice - Premium payments are to be paid as provided in Sections
          II., B., and C., and sent to the Company at the address listed on
          the Commitment, or as otherwise instructed by the Company in
          writing. All other notices, Claims, tenders, reports and other data
          required to be submitted to the Company by the Insured shall be
          either (i) mailed postpaid, (ii) sent by overnight courier, (iii)
          transmitted electronically or via magnetic tape or other media in a
          manner approved by the Company, or (iv) sent by telephonic facsimile
          transmission, to the Company's home office at the following address
          and facsimile number:

          For Claim matters:

               PMI Mortgage Insurance Co.
               P. O. Box 193837
               San Francisco, California 94119
               Attention:  Claim Department
               Facsimile Number: (415) 788-8593

          For Customer Service matters:

               PMI Mortgage Insurance Co.
               P.O. Box 3836
               San Francisco, California 94119
               Attention:  Customer Service Department
               Facsimile Number:  (415) 291-6191

          All notices to the Insured shall be given to the Servicer unless the
          Company has not been notified that a Loan is being serviced by a
          Person other than the Insured, and shall be either (i) mailed
          postpaid, (ii) sent by overnight courier, (iii) transmitted
          electronically or magnetically in a manner approved by the Insured,
          or (iv) sent by telephonic facsimile transmission, to the Servicer,
          at the address and facsimile number provided in writing by the
          Insured to the Company, or to the last known address and facsimile
          number for that Servicer, except that for facsimile transmissions,
          the Company shall confirm telephonically or otherwise the accuracy
          of the facsimile number used. Nonpayment notices under Section II.,
          C. and notices required under Section III., F. shall be sent to both
          the Insured and the Servicer whenever the Company has been notified
          that the Servicer is a Person other than the Insured. All notices to
          the Insured and Servicer will be sent to those Persons whom the
          Company was last notified as owning or servicing the Loan,
          respectively, at the last known address for such Persons as
          reflected in the records of the Company.


                                      21


<PAGE>

[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          Either party may notify the other of a change in address in the same
          manner as provided for giving notice. All notices, Claims, tenders,
          reports and other data required to be submitted to the Company or to
          the Insured shall be deemed to have been given five (5) days after
          the same is deposited in the U.S. Mail, delivered to an overnight
          courier, or transmitted in a manner approved above, unless actually
          received earlier. If the Insured requests that notices be sent to a
          third party other than the Insured and Servicer, the Company agrees
          to use its best efforts to give such notices but the Company shall
          not incur any liability for failure to send any notice to any third
          parties.

     E.   Reports and Examinations - As pertinent to any Loan or the Policy,
          the Company may call on the Insured for such reports as it may deem
          reasonably necessary, and may inspect the files, books and records
          of the Insured as they pertain to any Loan or to the Policy. The
          Company has the right to require that any information which the
          Insured is required to provide under this Policy be certified as to
          its truthfulness and accuracy by an officer or properly authorized
          employee of either or both the Insured and the Servicer.

     F.   Arbitration - Unless prohibited by applicable law, any controversy
          or dispute, including any Claim made hereunder, arising out of or
          relating to this Policy, may, upon the mutual consent of all parties
          to the dispute, be settled by binding arbitration in accordance with
          the title insurance rules of the American Arbitration Association in
          effect on the date the demand for arbitration is made. If this
          remedy is elected by all parties to the dispute, then the decision
          of the arbitrator(s) shall be final and binding on all the parties,
          and shall be enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction in
          the United States of America.

     G.   Suit -

          1.   No suit or action for recovery of any Claim or Insurance
               Benefit under this Policy shall be sustained in any court of
               law or equity unless the Insured has materially and
               substantially complied with the terms and conditions of this
               Policy, and unless the suit or action in equity is commenced
               within three (3) years or such longer period of time as may be
               required by applicable law, after (i) the Claim has been
               presented to the Company or (ii) the date on which the cause of
               action accrued, whichever is earlier. No suit or action on a
               Claim or Insurance Benefit may be brought against the Company
               until sixty (60) days have elapsed from the later of the date
               that the Insured is notified that Claim is perfected or from
               the date the Claim is deemed to be a Perfected Claim, unless
               the subject matter of the suit or action is whether a Perfected
               Claim has been filed.

          2.   If a dispute arises concerning the Loan and involving either
               the Property or the Insured, the Company has the right to
               protect its interest by defending any action arising from such
               dispute, even if the allegations involved are groundless, false
               or fraudulent. The Company is NOT REQUIRED to defend any
               lawsuit involving either the Insured, the Property or the Loan.
               The Company shall also have the right to direct the Insured to
               institute suit on the Insured's behalf, if this suit is
               necessary or appropriate to preserve the Company's rights in
               connection with a Loan


                                      22


<PAGE>


[LOGO] PMI                                            BULK PRIMARY
                                                      FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

               or Property. If any litigation costs and expenses incurred by
               either the Company or the Insured under this Section VI., G.,
               arise out of an action involving the negligent or wrongful
               conduct or breach of contract on the part of the Insured, then
               the Insured shall bear all such costs and expenses, and in all
               other cases, the Company shall bear such costs and expenses.

          H.   Parties in Interest - This contract shall be binding upon and
               inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and
               assigns and the Insured and its permitted successors and
               assigns. Neither the Borrower, nor any successive owner of a
               Property, nor any pool insurance carrier, nor any other Person
               is included or intended as a third party beneficiary to this
               Policy. Payments made to the Insured hereunder are intended as
               indemnification for actual loss and shall not affect nor impair
               the Insured's rights of recovery against the Borrower subject,
               however, to the provisions of Section VI., B., (Subrogation).
               Because the Company and the Insured are the only parties to the
               Policy, they may agree to modify or amend or terminate this
               Policy or any Certificate without the consent of, or notice to,
               any Borrower, Servicer or any other Person.

          I.   Agency - Neither the Insured, its Servicer, its originators,
               nor any of their respective employees or agents shall be or
               shall be deemed to be agents of the Company, nor shall the
               Company be or be deemed to be an agent of the Insured or
               Servicer except to the extent of the Recovery Rights assigned
               to the Company pursuant to Section IV., B., (Subrogation). The
               Servicer is deemed to be an agent of the Insured for all
               purposes under this Policy, including, but not limited to, for
               receiving notices, payments of Insurance Benefit, settling
               Claims, and performing acts required of the Insured under this
               Policy excepting for receipt of notices required under Section
               III., F., (Non-Approved Servicer).

          J.   Governing Law; Conformity to Statute - This Policy, including
               the Certificate Schedule, Claim or Insurance Benefit related to
               any Loan, shall be governed by the law of the jurisdiction in
               which the original named Insured is located as shown in on the
               face page hereof. Any provision of this Policy which is in
               conflict with the law of the aforesaid jurisdiction is hereby
               amended to conform to the minimum requirements of that law.

          K.   Electronic Data Storage - It is understood that the Company may
               store information, the contents or images of documents or other
               data on electronic media or other media generally accepted for
               business records (such as microfiche). The Company and Insured
               agree that the data stored on such electronic or other media
               are equally acceptable between the parties for all purposes as
               information, documents or other data maintained in printed or
               written form, including but not limited to, for the purposes of
               litigation or arbitration.

          L.   No Waiver - Except as provided in Section VI., C.,
               Representations and Reliance; Incontestability, nothing
               contained in this Policy shall be deemed to waive or limit the
               Company's rights arising at law or in equity to rescind or
               reform this Policy or the Certificate in the event that
               material misrepresentations of fact or fraudulent statements
               were relied upon by the Company in issuing this Policy or
               extending coverage hereunder to any Loan.



                                      23

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>efc4-2299_exhibit992.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                  Exhibit 99.2

[LOGO]
MORTGAGE INSURANCE CO.


                            SCHEDULE ENDORSEMENT TO
                     BULK PRIMARY FIRST LIEN MASTER POLICY
                                (the "Policy")

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

<S>                                                           <C>
POLICY ISSUED TO:                                             ATTACHED TO AND FORMING
                                                              PART OF POLICY NUMBER:
The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. as Co-Trustee             21827-0004-0
for the CWABS Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2004-AB2
700 South Flower Street, Suite 200
Los Angeles, CA 90017-4104
EFFECTIVE DATE OF POLICY:                                     EFFECTIVE DATE OF SCHEDULE
                                                              ENDORSEMENT:
December 1, 2004                                              December 1, 2004
</TABLE>


The Schedule Endorsement hereby extends coverage under the above Policy of
Insurance, from and after the date of this Schedule Endorsement, to those
Loans listed in the Certificate Schedule attached hereto and made a part to
this Schedule Endorsement (herein called "Schedule A").

The term "Effective Date" for the Loan(s) covered by this Schedule Endorsement
shall mean the date stated above.

Except for the foregoing amendments, the Policy and all terms, conditions,
provisions, and limitations of the Policy remain in full force and effect.
None of the terms, conditions, provisions and limitations of the Policy have
been varied, waived, altered or extended in any manner except as expressly set
forth in this Schedule Endorsement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Endorsement to be signed by
its duly authorized officers as of the Effective Date first above stated.


                          PMI MORTGAGE INSURANCE CO.

                               [OBJECT OMITTED]


BY:/s/ L. Stephen Smith                         /s/ Victor J. Bacigalupi
   -------------------------------              -------------------------------
   President                                    Secretary



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
