
        CL&P and UI File Projected Middletown/Norwalk
                  Costs with Siting Council

Estimated $840 Million to $990 Million to build proposed project

Contact:       Frank Poirot (CL&P)      Marcia Wellman (UI)
Office:        (860) 665-3409          (203) 444-2161
After Hours:   (800) 286-2000          (203) 444-2161

     BERLIN and NEW HAVEN, Connecticut, December 28, 2004 - It
will cost an estimated $840 million to $990 million to build
Connecticut Light & Power's (CL&P) and United Illuminating's
(UI) proposed Middletown/Norwalk Transmission Project,
according to a filing today with the Connecticut Siting
Council.  The expansion of the electrical grid is needed to
help meet the current and future energy needs of southwest
Connecticut and the region.

     The cost estimate has been updated to reflect current
costs associated with changes needed to address technical
issues introduced by the extensive amount of underground
transmission being proposed (45 miles of overhead and 24
miles of underground construction) and a two-year delay in
the project in-service date from 2007 to 2009.  The
variation in the cost range is due to unknown soil and rock
conditions that may be encountered during construction and a
provision for other contingencies.  The low end of the new
estimate is more than $200 million higher than originally
estimated in the companies' 2003 application.  Additional
steps to lower magnetic fields along the overhead portion of
the proposed route would add between $70 million and $80
million to the estimated cost.

     The filing also says that two other alternatives would
cost less than the proposed route.  These alternatives are
more controversial locally as they rely on more miles of
overhead construction.  The first alternative would involve
installing 56 miles overhead and 13 miles underground and
would cost and estimated $810 million to $950 million.  The
second alternative would involve installing 65 miles
overhead and four miles underground at an estimated cost of
$750 million to $860 million.

     "Last week, the companies provided the Connecticut Siting
Council with three reliable alternatives to meet the area's
electric needs," said Anthony Vallillo, UI's president and
chief operating officer. "This filing provides the costs of
each alternative, so the Siting Council can make a fully
informed decision."

     "While everyone acknowledges the urgent need for the
project, the current debate is focused on how much of the
line should be buried," said David H. Boguslawski, CL&P's
vice president, transmission business.  "We stand ready to
build any of the technically feasible alternatives."

     Today's filing updates cost estimates necessitated by
project changes recommended last week by the Reliability and
Operability Committee (ROC).  The committee, composed of
representatives of CL&P, UI and ISO New England, announced
that it, and its consultants, reached a consensus that
installing 24 miles of underground cable will work, as part
of the proposed 69 mile route.  The committee also reported
it cannot support undergrounding beyond the 24 miles because
additional underground cable introduces unacceptable risks
to the integrity and reliability of the grid. The ROC was
created in June 2004 after concerns were raised about
maximizing the use of underground cable in the
Middletown/Norwalk Project.

     The Connecticut Siting Council is scheduled to hold
hearings on the proposal and the alternatives on January 11
and 13, 2005.  A ruling on the proposed project is expected
by April 7, 2005.
                            # # #

The Connecticut Light and Power Company (CL&P) has been part of
everyday life in Connecticut for more than 100 years,
providing safe and reliable electric service to homes,
neighborhoods and businesses.  With more than 1.1 million
customers in 149 cities and towns, CL&P is an active member
in the communities it serves, offering programs in energy
conservation, economic development and environmental
education.  CL&P is part of the Northeast Utilities System
(NYSE: NU).  For more information, please visit www.cl-
p.com.

UI, The United Illuminating Company, was formed in 1899 when
the Bridgeport Electric Company merged with the New Haven
Electric Company.  UI is a regional distribution utility
providing electricity and energy-related services to more
than 320,000 customers in the Greater New Haven and Greater
Bridgeport areas.

