
<PAGE>

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

CONTACTS
GARTNER, INC.                                  META GROUP, INC.
Citigate Sard Verbinnen                        Cubitt Jacobs & Prosek
Jamie Tully (jtully@sardverb.com)              Carrie Kalish (Carrie@cjpcom.com)
Brooke Morganstein (bmorganstein@sardverb.com) 212-279-3115 x202
212-687-8080

                 GARTNER TO ACQUIRE META GROUP FOR $162 MILLION

      STAMFORD, CONN. - DECEMBER 27, 2004 -- Gartner, Inc. (NYSE: IT and ITB),
the leading provider of research and analysis on the global information
technology industry, and META Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: METG), a premier information
technology research and consulting firm, today announced that the companies have
reached an agreement under which Gartner will acquire META Group in an all-cash
transaction valued at $10.00 per share, or approximately $162 million. The
boards of directors of both companies have unanimously approved the agreement.

      In 2003, Gartner generated $858 million in revenue from 76 locations
around the world, while META Group generated $122 million in revenue from 52
locations. The acquisition of META Group will bring valuable additional
dimensions to Gartner's already strong core research capabilities. Moreover, the
addition of a sales team from META Group that is already highly conversant in
Gartner's product and service offerings will enhance Gartner's ability to grow
sales going forward. The combination will also drive operational efficiency
given the complementary nature of the two companies.

      Gene Hall, Gartner's chief executive officer, said, "Gartner and META
Group are both based in Stamford and share complementary business models, which
will allow easy integration of META Group's offerings into Gartner's existing
service portfolio. This transaction is an exciting opportunity that will give us
increased depth in key sectors, geographies and markets, and an increased
ability to seize revenue opportunities with the addition of META Group's
well-

<PAGE>

trained, successful sales force. In sum, the acquisition will make Gartner a
stronger company with increased opportunities for growth and greater resources
to offer clients."

      Gayl Doster, Co-Chairman of the Special Committee of the Board of
Directors of META Group, said, "Through this acquisition, both META Group and
Gartner clients will have access to greater depth and breadth of expertise to
help them meet their business goals as efficiently and effectively as possible.
We look forward to working with Gene and the rest of the team at Gartner to
ensure a successful completion of the transaction and subsequent integration of
the META Group business."

      Gartner intends to finance the acquisition through the use of current
cash, as well as borrowings under the Company's existing line of credit.

      Gartner does not expect the transaction to have a material impact on its
2005 operating results, excluding charges related to the integration of META
Group, but expects it to be meaningfully accretive thereafter. The Company will
provide additional information on the financial impact of the transaction, as
well as 2005 guidance for Gartner on its 2004 year-end earnings call scheduled
for February 3, 2005.

      The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including
regulatory approvals, and approval by META Group's stockholders. The transaction
is expected to close in the second quarter of 2005.

      Perseus Group, the San Francisco-based investment bank, provided financial
advice including a fairness opinion to Gartner's Board of Directors in
connection with the transaction. Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC acted as
exclusive financial advisor to the Special Committee of the Board of Directors
of META Group, Inc.

ABOUT GARTNER

Gartner, Inc. is the leading provider of research and analysis on the global
information technology industry. Gartner serves more than 10,000 clients,
including chief information

<PAGE>

officers and other senior IT executives in corporations and government agencies,
as well as technology companies and the investment community. The Company
focuses on delivering objective, in-depth analysis and actionable advice to
enable clients to make more informed technology and business decisions. The
Company's businesses consist of Research and Events for IT professionals;
Gartner Executive Programs, membership programs and peer networking services;
and Gartner Consulting, customized engagements with a specific emphasis on
outsourcing and IT management. Founded in 1979, Gartner is headquartered in
Stamford, Connecticut, and has more 3,500 associates, approximately 1,000
research analysts and consultants, in 76 locations worldwide. For more
information, visit www.gartner.com.

ABOUT META GROUP

META Group is a leading provider of information technology research, advisory
services, and strategic consulting. Delivering objective and actionable
guidance, META Group's experienced analysts and consultants are trusted advisors
to IT and business executives around the world. Its unique collaborative models
and dedicated customer service help clients be more efficient, effective, and
timely in their use of IT to achieve their business goals. Visit metagroup.com
for more details on our high-value approach.

                                       ###

SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT

Statements contained in this press release regarding the consummation, timing
and benefit of the pending acquisition, the Company's business outlook, the
development of the Company's services, the demand for the Company's products and
services, and all other statements in this release other than recitation of
historical facts are forward-looking statements (as defined in the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995). Such forward-looking statements
include risks and uncertainties; consequently, actual results may differ
materially from those expressed or implied thereby. Factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to: ability to
expand or even retain META Group's customer base; ability to integrate META
Group's current operations and business; ability to retain META Group's
professional staff of research analysts and consultants; ability to pay the
Company's debt obligations; ability to achieve continued customer renewals and
achieve new contract value, backlog and deferred

<PAGE>

revenue growth in META Group's business; additional risks associated with
international operations; and other risks listed from time to time in the
Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including
the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003
and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2004.
These filings can be found on Gartner's Web site at www.gartner.com/investors
and the SEC's Web site at www.sec.gov. Forward-looking statements included
herein speak only as of the date hereof and the Company disclaims any obligation
to revise or update such statements to reflect events or circumstances after the
date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or
circumstances.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

META Group will file a proxy statement and other documents regarding the
proposed transaction described in this press release with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE PROXY
STATEMENT AND SUCH OTHER MATERIALS WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, BECAUSE THEY WILL
CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT META GROUP AND THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. A
definitive proxy statement will be sent to security holders of META Group
seeking their approval of the transaction. Investors and security holders may
obtain a free copy of the definitive proxy statement (when available) and other
documents filed by META Group with the SEC at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov.
The definitive proxy statement and other relevant documents may also be obtained
free of cost by directing a request to John Riley at 203-973-6700.

META Group's directors and executive officers may be deemed, under Securities
and Exchange Commission rules, to be participants in the solicitation of proxies
from the META Group stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction.
Information about META Group's directors and officers can be found in META
Group's Proxy Statements and Annual Reports on Form 10-K filed with the SEC.
Additional information regarding the interests of those persons may be obtained
by reading the proxy statement and other documents regarding the proposed
transaction when they become available.

