-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 GA3E23P82RX1e64SVlPMIIGIwpcJv+Vqj3Y9vr1ZG1DXBP4Azigf3ko0EGvgvmm0
 AxmYZRVaa/zyZ1dX126PxQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000722051-04-000164.txt : 20041223
<SEC-HEADER>0000722051-04-000164.hdr.sgml : 20041223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041223155606
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000722051-04-000164
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041222
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NCT GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000722051
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		IRS NUMBER:				592501025
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-18267
		FILM NUMBER:		041224327

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 KETCHUM ST
		CITY:			WESTPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06880
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2032264447

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 KETCHUM ST
		CITY:			WESTPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06880

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NOISE CANCELLATION TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ION TECHNOLOGIES INC/NV
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19850512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRETORIA TECHNOLOGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19840404
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>nct8k_salkind-122204a.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM-8K
<TEXT>


                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549



                                    FORM 8-K


                                 CURRENT REPORT

     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934


       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 22, 2004


                                 NCT Group, Inc.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


                                 NCT Group, Inc.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


          Delaware                       0-18267                59-2501025
- ----------------------------       --------------------     --------------------
(State or other jurisdiction           (Commission             (IRS Employer
     of incorporation)                 File Number)          Identification No.)


20 Ketchum Street, Westport, CT                                      06880
- -----------------------------------------                        ---------------
(Address of principal executive offices)                           (Zip Code)


Registrant's telephone number including area code:               (203) 226-4447
                                                                 ---------------




Check  the  appropriate  box  below  if the  Form  8-K  filing  is  intended  to
simultaneously  satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

|_|  Written  communications  pursuant to Rule 425 under the  Securities Act (17
     CFR 230.425)

|_|  Soliciting  material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
     240.14a-12)

|_|  Pre-commencement   communications  pursuant  to  Rule  14d-2(b)  under  the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

|_|  Pre-commencement   communications  pursuant  to  Rule  13e-4(c)  under  the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

<PAGE>


Item 1.01.     Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Item 2.03.     Creation of a Direct Financial  Obligation or an Obligation Under
               an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

Item 3.02.     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.


On December 22, 2004, NCT Group, Inc. ("NCT"), its subsidiary, Distributed Media
Corporation  ("DMC"),  all of the individual members of NCT's Board of Directors
(collectively  with NCT and DMC,  the  "NCT  Parties")  and  Carole  Salkind,  a
beneficial  owner of  approximately  88% of NCT's common  stock,  entered into a
settlement agreement. Under this agreement, Ms. Salkind irrevocably released the
NCT  Parties  from and against all claims  recently  assigned to Ms.  Salkind by
Production  Resource  Group,  LLC ("PRG"),  except as described  below.  The PRG
claims include those asserted by PRG in three pending lawsuits,  two in Superior
Court of the State of Connecticut  and one in the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware in and for New Castle County.  In one of the  Connecticut  lawsuits,
PRG's claims  include a claim of  collection on a $2.0 million Offer of Judgment
previously  accepted  by NCT and DMC,  along  with  accrued  interest.  (On that
judgment,  approximately  $135,000  had  been  collected  by  PRG  prior  to its
assignment  of claims to Salkind.) In the Delaware  lawsuit,  PRG sought,  among
other things,  the appointment of a receiver over the business and assets of NCT
and DMC.  In  connection  with her  release,  Ms.  Salkind has agreed to dismiss
(without prejudice) the three lawsuits described above.

In  consideration  for entering  into the  settlement  agreement,  NCT issued to
Carole  Salkind  a  five-year  convertible  note in the  principal  amount of $5
million. The note is secured by substantially all of the assets of NCT. The note
bears  interest,  retroactive  to  December  1, 2004,  at 12% per annum  payable
quarterly in arrears  beginning October 1, 2005, and bears interest at a default
rate of 17% per annum on any interest or  principal  not paid when due. The note
may be prepaid in whole (but not in part) prior to March 31,  2005;  thereafter,
the note may be prepaid in whole or in part under certain circumstances.  At the
election of Ms. Salkind,  the note may be converted into  301,204,819  shares of
NCT common  stock at a conversion  price per share of $0.0166 or  exchanged  for
shares of common stock of any subsidiary of NCT (except Pro Tech Communications,
Inc.) that makes a public  offering of its common stock (at the public  offering
price).  The note  contains  events of  default,  including  the  failure to pay
principal  or interest  when due and the failure to issue shares of common stock
upon exercise of conversion  rights.  Upon an event of default (if not cured), a
default penalty of 10% of the then outstanding principal becomes immediately due
and payable,  as does all accrued  interest and all outstanding  principal.  The
exception is that,  upon an event of default  consisting of a failure to make an
interest  payment  when due and  payable,  a default  penalty of 10% of the then
outstanding  principal becomes  immediately due and payable, as does all accrued
interest, but outstanding principal does not. However, a failure to pay interest
when due and payable  triggers the 10% default  penalty each and every time such
failure occurs.

The settlement  agreement  further provides that unless there is a default under
the note,  Salkind may not  enforce any of the PRG claims or lawsuits  described
above. Upon full  satisfaction of the note,  Salkind's release of the PRG claims
automatically  becomes  unqualified  and Salkind  must  dismiss the PRG lawsuits
described above,  this time with prejudice.  However,  if a default occurs under
the

                                       2
<PAGE>


note,  all PRG claims and  lawsuits  against the NCT Parties may  thereafter  be
enforced  by  Salkind,  including  the  lawsuits  previously  dismissed  without
prejudice  and  including  the judgment of $2.0  million  plus accrued  interest
described  above, all to the extent  necessary for full  satisfaction  under the
note.

In conjunction with the issuance of the note, NCT issued Ms. Salkind a five-year
warrant to acquire  82,500,000  shares of NCT common stock at an exercise  price
per share of $0.0166.

The issuance of the note and warrant was not registered under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, in reliance upon the exemption set forth in Section 4(2) of
the Securities Act relating to  transactions by an issuer not involving a public
offering.

                                       3
<PAGE>


Item 9.01.     Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(c) Exhibits:


4.1       Warrant  dated  December  22,  2004  issued to Carole  Salkind for the
          purchase of 82,500,000  shares of NCT common stock at a purchase price
          of $0.0166 per share.

10.01     Secured  Convertible  Note in  principal  amount of  $5,000,000  dated
          December 22, 2004 issued by NCT to Carole Salkind.

                                       4
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant  has duly  caused  this  report  to be  signed  on its  behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


                                                  NCT GROUP, INC.

Date:  December 23, 2004

                                                  By:  /s/ Cy E. Hammond
                                                       -------------------------
                                                       Cy E. Hammond
                                                       Senior Vice President and
                                                       Chief Financial Officer

                                       5


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exh-4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>WARRANT
<TEXT>

Exhibit 4.1


THIS  WARRANT  HAS NOT BEEN  REGISTERED  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OF 1933,  AS
AMENDED,  OR APPLICABLE  STATE  SECURITIES  LAWS, NOR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY
OTHER  JURISDICTION.  THIS WARRANT MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE
OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THOSE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN OPINION
OF COUNSEL, IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE  SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT THE SALE OR
TRANSFER IS PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION TO THE  REGISTRATION  REQUIREMENTS OF THOSE
SECURITIES LAWS.

                                -----------------

No. CS-105                                         Dated as of December 22, 2004
- ----------

         Void after 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on December 22, 2009

                                     WARRANT

              for the Purchase of 82,500,000 Shares of Common Stock

     FOR  VALUE  RECEIVED,   NCT  GROUP,   INC.  (the  "Company"),   a  Delaware
corporation,  on this day of December 22, 2004 (the "Grant  Date") hereby issues
this warrant (the "Warrant") and certifies that Carole Salkind (the "Holder") is
granted the right,  subject to the  provisions of the Warrant,  to purchase from
the Company,  at any time, or from time to time during the period  commencing at
9:00 a.m. New York City local time on December 22, 2004,  and  expiring,  unless
earlier  terminated as  hereinafter  provided,  at 5:00 p.m. New York City local
time on  December  22,  2009 up to  Eighty-Two  Million  Five  Hundred  Thousand
(82,500,000)  fully  paid and  nonassessable  shares of Common  Stock,  $.01 par
value,  of the  Company at a price per share  (the  "Exercise  Price")  equal to
$0.0166.

     The term "Common  Stock" means the shares of Common Stock,  $.01 par value,
of the Company constituted on the Grant Date of this Warrant,  together with any
other equity securities that may be issued by the Company in addition thereto or
in  substitution  therefor.  The number of shares of Common Stock to be received
upon  the  exercise  of  this  Warrant  may be  adjusted  from  time  to time as
hereinafter  set  forth.  The  shares  of  Common  Stock  deliverable  upon such
exercise,  and as adjusted from time to time, are hereinafter sometimes referred
to as "Warrant Stock".

     Upon receipt by the Company of evidence  reasonably  satisfactory  to it of
the loss, theft,  destruction or mutilation of this Warrant, and (in the case of
loss, theft or destruction) of reasonably satisfactory indemnification, and upon
surrender  and  cancellation  of this Warrant,  if mutilated,  the Company shall
execute and  deliver a new Warrant of like tenor and date.  Any such new Warrant
executed and delivered shall constitute an additional  contractual obligation on
the part of the Company,  whether or not this Warrant so lost, stolen, destroyed
or mutilated shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.

     The Holder agrees with the Company that this Warrant is issued, and all the
rights  hereunder shall be held,  subject to all of the conditions,  limitations
and provisions set forth herein.

     1.  Exercise of Warrant.  This Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part
at any time,  or from time to time,  during the period  commencing at 9:00 a.m.,
New York City local time, on December 22, 2004,  and expiring at 5:00 p.m.,  New
York City local time,  on December 22,

<PAGE>


2009, or, if such day is a day on which banking  institutions in the City of New
York are authorized by law to close,  then on the next succeeding day that shall
not be such a day.

     Subject to the restrictions  and limitations set forth above,  this Warrant
may be  exercised by  presentation  and  surrender  hereof to the Company at its
principal  office with the Warrant  Exercise Form attached  hereto duly executed
and  accompanied  by payment  (either in cash or by certified  or official  bank
check, payable to the order of the Company) of the Exercise Price for the number
of shares  specified in such Form and  instruments of transfer,  if appropriate,
duly executed by the Holder.  If this Warrant  should be exercised in part only,
the Company shall, upon surrender of this Warrant for cancellation,  execute and
deliver a new Warrant  evidencing  the rights of the Holder  thereof to purchase
the balance of the shares purchasable hereunder.  Upon receipt by the Company of
this Warrant, together with the Warrant Exercise Form and the Exercise Price, at
its office,  in proper form for  exercise,  the Holder shall be deemed to be the
holder of record of the  shares of Common  Stock  issuable  upon such  exercise,
notwithstanding  that the stock  transfer  books of the  Company  shall  then be
closed or that  certificates  representing such shares of Common Stock shall not
then be  actually  delivered  to the Holder.  The Company  shall pay any and all
documentary  stamp or similar issue or transfer  taxes payable in respect of the
issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock on exercise of this Warrant.

     2.  Reservation  of  Shares.  The  Company  will at all times  reserve  for
issuance and delivery  upon  exercise of this Warrant all shares of Common Stock
of the Company from time to time receivable  upon exercise of this Warrant.  All
such shares shall be duly authorized and, when issued upon such exercise,  shall
be validly  issued,  fully  paid and  nonassessable  and free of all  preemptive
rights.

     3. Warrant Stock  Transfer to Comply with the  Securities  Act of 1933. The
Warrant  Stock  may not be sold  or  otherwise  disposed  of  unless  registered
pursuant to the  provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933
Act"), or an opinion of counsel in form and content  satisfactory to the Company
is obtained  stating that such sale or other  disposition  is made in compliance
with  an  available  exemption  from  such  registration.   Any  sale  or  other
disposition  of the Warrant  Stock must also comply  with all  applicable  state
securities laws and regulations.

     4. Fractional Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional
shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant,  but the Company shall
issue one  additional  share of its Common  Stock in lieu of each  fraction of a
share otherwise called for upon any exercise of this Warrant.

     5. Exchange,  Transfer,  Assignment of Loss of Warrant. This Warrant is not
registered  under the 1933 Act nor under any applicable  state securities law or
regulation.  This Warrant cannot be sold,  exchanged,  transferred,  assigned or
otherwise  disposed of unless registered  pursuant to the provisions of the 1933
Act or an opinion of counsel in form and content  satisfactory to the Company is
obtained  stating  that such  disposition  is in  compliance  with an  available
exemption  from  registration.  Any  such  disposition  must  also  comply  with
applicable state securities laws and regulations.

                                       2
<PAGE>


     6.  Rights of the  Holder.  The Holder  shall  not,  by virtue  hereof,  be
entitled  to any rights of a  stockholder  of the  Company,  either at law or in
equity,  and the  rights of the Holder are  limited to those  expressed  in this
Warrant.

     7. Redemption. This Warrant is not redeemable by the Company.

     8. Anti-Dilution Provisions.

     8.1  Adjustment  for  Dividends  in  Other  Securities,   Property,   Etc.:
Reclassification,  Etc. In case at any time or from time to time after the Grant
Date the holders of Common Stock (or any other securities at the time receivable
upon the  exercise  of this  Warrant)  shall have  received,  or on or after the
record date fixed for the  determination  of eligible  stockholders,  shall have
become  entitled to receive without  payment  therefor:  (a) other or additional
securities or property  (other than cash) by way of dividend,  (b) any cash paid
or  payable  except out of earned  surplus  of the  Company at the Grant Date as
increased  (decreased)  by  subsequent  credits  (charges)  thereto  (other than
credits  in respect of any  capital or paid-in  surplus or surplus  created as a
result  of a  revaluation  of  property)  or (c) other or  additional  (or less)
securities  or  property  (including  cash)  by  way of  stock-split,  spin-off,
split-up,   reclassification,   combination  of  shares  or  similar   corporate
rearrangement, then, and in each such case, the Holder of this Warrant, upon the
exercise thereof as provided in Section 1, shall be entitled to receive, subject
to the limitations and  restrictions  set forth above,  the amount of securities
and  property  (including  cash in the cases  referred to in clauses (b) and (c)
above) which such Holder would hold on the date of such exercise if on the Grant
Date it had been the  holder of record of the  number of shares of Common  Stock
(as constituted on the Grant Date) subscribed for upon such exercise as provided
in Section 1 and had  thereafter,  during the period  from the Grant Date to and
including  the date of such  exercise,  retained  such  shares  and/or all other
additional  (or  less)  securities  and  property  (including  cash in the cases
referred to in clauses (b) and (c) above)  receivable by it as aforesaid  during
such period,  giving effect to all adjustments  called for during such period by
Section 8.2.

     8.2 Adjustment for Reorganization,  Consolidation,  Merger, Etc. In case of
any reorganization of the Company (or any other  corporation,  the securities of
which are at the time  receivable  on the  exercise of this  Warrant)  after the
Grant  Date  or in  case  after  such  date  the  Company  (or  any  such  other
corporation) shall consolidate with or merge into another  corporation or convey
all or substantially all of its assets to another corporation, then, and in each
such case,  the Holder of this Warrant upon the exercise  thereof as provided in
Section  1  at  any  time  after  the   consummation  of  such   reorganization,
consolidation,  merger or conveyance,  shall be entitled to receive,  in lieu of
the securities and property  receivable  upon the exercise of this Warrant prior
to such consummation, the securities or property to which such Holder would have
been entitled upon such  consummation  if such Holder had exercised this Warrant
immediately  prior  thereto,  all subject to further  adjustment  as provided in
Section 8.1; in each such case, the terms of this Warrant shall be applicable to
the  securities or property  receivable  upon the exercise of this Warrant after
such consummation.

     8.3  Certificate  as to  Adjustments.  In each case of an adjustment in the
number of shares of Common Stock (or other securities or property) receivable on
the exercise of the Warrant,  the Company at its expense will  promptly  compute
such  adjustment  in  accordance  with the

                                       3
<PAGE>


terms of the Warrant and prepare a certificate setting forth such adjustment and
showing in detail the facts upon which such  adjustment  is based,  including  a
statement of (a) the consideration received or to be received by the Company for
any  additional  shares  of Common  Stock  issued or sold or deemed to have been
issued or sold,  (b) the number of shares of Common Stock  outstanding or deemed
to be  outstanding,  and (c) the pro forma adjusted  Exercise.  The Company will
forthwith mail a copy of each such certificate to the holder of this Warrant.

     8.4  Notices of Record Date, Etc.

          In case:

     (a) the Company  shall take a record of the holders of its Common Stock (or
other  securities at the time  receivable  upon the exercise of the Warrant) for
the  purpose  of  entitling  them to receive  any  dividend  (other  than a cash
dividend)  or other  distribution,  or any right to subscribe  for,  purchase or
otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any class or any other  securities,  or
to receive any other right; or

     (b) of any capital  reorganization of the Company (other than a stock split
or reverse  stock  split),  any  reclassification  of the  capital  stock of the
Company,  any  consolidation  or  merger  of the  Company  with or into  another
corporation  (other  than a merger for  purposes of change of  domicile)  or any
conveyance of all or  substantially  all of the assets of the Company to another
corporation; or

     (c) of any voluntary or involuntary dissolution,  liquidation or winding-up
of the Company,  then, and in each such case, the Company shall mail or cause to
be  mailed  to each  holder  of the  Warrant  at the time  outstanding  a notice
specifying,  as the case may be,  (i) the date on which a record  is to be taken
for the purpose of such dividend,  distribution or right, and stating the amount
and character of such dividend, distribution or right, or (ii) the date on which
such  reorganization,   reclassification,   consolidation,  merger,  conveyance,
dissolution,  liquidation or winding-up is to take place,  and the time, if any,
is to be fixed, as to which the holders of record of Common Stock (or such other
securities  at the time  receivable  upon the exercise of the Warrant)  shall be
entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock (or such other securities) for
securities   or   other   property   deliverable   upon   such   reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger, conveyance, dissolution, liquidation or
winding-up.  Such notice  shall be mailed at least twenty (20) days prior to the
date  therein  specified  and the  Warrant may be  exercised  prior to said date
during the term of the Warrant no later than five (5) days prior to said date.

     9. Legend. In the event of the exercise of this Warrant and the issuance of
any of the Warrant Stock hereunder, all certificates  representing Warrant Stock
shall bear on the face thereof  substantially the following legends,  insofar as
is consistent with Delaware law:

         "The shares of common stock  represented by this certificate
         have not been  registered  under the Securities Act of 1933,
         as  amended,  or the  Securities  laws of any state or other
         jurisdiction,  and  may  not  be  sold,  offered  for  sale,
         assigned,  transferred  or  otherwise  disposed  of,  unless
         registered  pursuant  to the  provisions  of that Act and of
         such Securities laws or an opinion of counsel  acceptable to
         the Corporation is

                                       4
<PAGE>


         obtained stating that such disposition is in compliance with
         an available exemption from such registration."

     10. Governing Law and  Jurisdiction.  This Warrant shall be governed by the
internal  laws of the State of  Delaware,  without  regard to  conflicts of laws
principles.  The parties hereto hereby submit to the exclusive  jurisdiction  of
the United States Federal Courts located in the state of New Jersey with respect
to any dispute arising under this Warrant.

     11. Notices.  Notices,  demands and other  communications  given under this
Agreement  shall be in  writing  and shall be deemed  to have  been  given  when
delivered  (if  personally  delivered),  on the  scheduled  date of delivery (if
delivered  via  commercial  courier),  three  days  after  mailed  (if mailed by
certified  or  registered  mail,  return  receipt  requested)  or  when  sent by
facsimile  (if  sent by  facsimile  with  evidence  of  successful  transmission
retained by the  sender);  provided,  however,  that  failure to give proper and
timely  notice as set forth in the "with a copy to"  provisions  below shall not
invalidate a notice  properly and timely given to the associated  party.  Unless
another  address or  facsimile  number is  specified  by notice  hereunder,  all
notices shall be sent as follows:

If to the Holder:                           with a copy to:
- ----------------                            --------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ms. Carole Salkind                          Peter Rosen, Esq.
18911 Collins Ave., Apt. 2403               Rosen & Avigliano
Sunny Isles Beach, FL 33160                 431 Route 10 East
                                            Randolph, NJ  07689
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Facsimile:  305-932-2425                    Facsimile:  973-361-1644
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If to the Company:                          with a copy to:
- -----------------                           --------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NCT Group, Inc.                             NCT Group, Inc.
20 Ketchum Street                           20 Ketchum Street
Westport, CT  06880                         Westport, CT  06880
Attention:  Chief Financial Officer         Attention:  General Counsel
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Facsimile:  203-226-4338                    Facsimile:  203-226-4338
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

           IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be signed
on its behalf, in its corporate name, by its duly authorized officer, as of the
date first written above.

                                         NCT GROUP, INC.


                                         By:  Michael J. Parrella
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Michael J. Parrella
                                              Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

                                       5
<PAGE>


                              WARRANT EXERCISE FORM

         (To be executed by the Holder in order to Exercise the Warrant)

          TO:   NCT Group, Inc.
                20 Ketchum Street
                Westport, CT  06880
                Attention:  Chief Financial Officer

     The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the within Warrant to
the extent of purchasing _________ shares of Common Stock of NCT Group, Inc. and
hereby  makes  payment at the rate of  $______  per share,  or an  aggregate  of
$________, in payment therefor.

     The  undersigned  represents,  warrants and  certifies  that all offers and
sales  of the  Warrant  Stock  shall  be  made:  (i)  pursuant  to an  effective
registration  statement  under the 1933 Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or
in a transaction not subject to, the registration  requirements of the 1993 Act;
and (ii) in compliance  with applicable  state  securities laws and those of any
other applicable jurisdiction.


Dated:
       -----------------------

                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Name of Warrant Holder


                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Signature


                ------------------------------------------------

                       INSTRUCTIONS FOR ISSUANCE OF STOCK

         (if other than to the registered holder of the within Warrant)


Name:
             --------------------------------------------------------
                  (Please type or print in block letters)

Address:
          --------------------------------------------------------

Social Security or Taxpayer Identification Number:
                                                    ----------------------

                                       6


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.01
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exh-10.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONVERTIBLE NOTE
<TEXT>

Exhibit 10.01


THE SECURITIES  REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
CONVERSION  HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
AMENDED.  THE SECURITIES  HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD,
TRANSFERRED  OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT
FOR THE SECURITIES  UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,  OR AN OPINION
OF COUNSEL IN FORM,  SUBSTANCE AND SCOPE  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE TO THE BORROWER
THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE
144 UNDER SAID ACT. ANY SUCH SALE,  ASSIGNMENT OR TRANSFER MUST ALSO COMPLY WITH
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

                            SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE
                                 (No. CTS-04-37)

December 22, 2004                                                  $5,000,000.00


FOR VALUE RECEIVED, NCT GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation  (hereinafter called
the  "Borrower")  hereby  promises  to pay to the  order of  Carole  Salkind  or
registered  assigns (the "Holder") the sum of Five Million  Dollars and No Cents
($5,000,000.00)  on  December  22,  2009,  and to  pay  interest  on the  unpaid
principal  balance  hereof at twelve  percent  (12%)  per annum  (the  "Ordinary
Interest Rate") retroactively from December 1, 2004 (the "Start Date") until the
same  becomes  due and  payable,  whether at maturity  or upon  acceleration  or
otherwise. Interest shall commence accruing on the Start Date and, to the extent
this Note is not prepaid or  converted  in  accordance  with the  provisions  of
Articles I and II below,  shall be payable in quarterly  installments in arrears
on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 of each calendar  year,  except that
no interest shall be payable on January 1, 2005,  April 1, 2005 or July 1, 2005,
and the  interest  payable on October 1, 2005 shall be as accrued from the Start
Date.  All  accrued  interest  shall be due and  payable  on  October  1,  2005,
including the regular interest payment then due. All remaining interest shall be
due and payable on the date this Note is fully paid, whether at maturity or upon
acceleration  or by  prepayment  or  otherwise.  Any amount of  principal  of or
interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate
of five percent (5%) above the Ordinary  Interest  Rate (the  "Default  Interest
Rate")  from the due date  thereof  until  the same is  paid.  All  payments  of
principal and interest (to the extent not converted in accordance with the terms
hereof)  shall be made in lawful  money of the  United  States of  America.  All
payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the
Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note.

The following terms shall apply to this Note:

                                    ARTICLE I

                                   PREPAYMENT

     1.1  PREPAYMENT.  This Note may be prepaid by the Borrower only as follows:
(a) On or prior to March 31,  2005,  in whole but not in part;  (b) on and after
April 1,  2005,  from  time to time,  in whole or in part,  but no more than one
prepayment  (whether  in  whole  or in  part)  in each  calendar  year;  and (c)
otherwise,  with the  Holder's  prior  written  consent.  In the case of partial
prepayment, interest on the principal amount so prepaid shall be due and payable
simultaneously with the prepayment of principal.

                                   ARTICLE II

<PAGE>


            CONVERSION AND PURCHASE RIGHTS; PAYMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE

     2.1  CONVERSION  RIGHT.  The Holder  shall have the right (the  "Conversion
Right") at any time on or prior to the day this Note is paid in full, to convert
at any time all or from  time to time any  part of the  outstanding  and  unpaid
principal  amount of this Note of at least  $50,000,  or such  lesser  amount as
shall remain unpaid at the time of the conversion,  into, at Holder's  election,
(i) fully paid and  non-assessable  shares of common  stock,  par value $.01 per
share, of the Borrower ("Common  Stock"),  at the conversion price determined by
Section  2.2(a)  hereof;  (ii) if Artera  (UK)  Limited  ("Artera")  has made an
initial public  offering of its common stock,  par value  (pound)1.00 per share,
fully paid and non-assessable  shares of such stock owned by the Borrower,  at a
conversion price equal to the initial public offering price of such stock; (iii)
if  Distributed  Media  Corporation  International  Limited  ("DMCI") has made a
public offering of its common stock, par value (pound)1.00 per share, fully paid
and non-assessable  shares of such stock owned by the Borrower,  at a conversion
price equal to the initial public offering price of such stock;  and (iv) if any
other subsidiary of the Borrower (other than Pro Tech Communications,  Inc.) has
made a public offering of its common stock, fully paid and non-assessable shares
of such stock owned by the Borrower,  at a conversion price equal to the initial
public  offering  price  of  such  stock.  Upon  the  surrender  of  this  Note,
accompanied  by a Notice of Conversion of Secured  Convertible  Note in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit 1, properly completed and duly executed by the Holder
(a "Conversion Notice"),  the Borrower shall issue and, within five (5) business
days after such surrender of this Note with the Conversion Notice, deliver to or
upon the order of the Holder (x) that  number of shares of common  stock for the
portion of the Note converted as shall be determined in accordance  herewith and
(y) a new  Note in the form  hereof  for the  balance  of the  principal  amount
hereof, if any.

     The number of shares of common stock to be issued upon each  conversion  of
this Note shall be determined by dividing (i) the sum of (A) that portion of the
principal  amount  of the Note to be  converted  plus (B) the  "Conversion  Date
Interest" (as defined below), by (ii) the Conversion Price (as defined below) in
effect on the date the  Conversion  Notice is  delivered  to the Borrower by the
Holder.  Conversion Date Interest means the product of (i) the principal  amount
of the Note to be converted,  multiplied by (ii) a fraction (A) the numerator of
which is the number of days elapsed  since the date of issuance of this Note and
(B) the  denominator of which is 365,  multiplied by the Ordinary  Interest Rate
(iii) or, a  fraction  (A) the  numerator  of which is the number of days in the
period  of  time  after  the  occurrence  of an  Event  of  Default  and (B) the
denominator of which is 365, multiplied by the Default Interest Rate.

     2.2 CONVERSION PRICE.

     (a) The per share  "Conversion  Price" for conversion of this Note into the
Borrower's Common Stock shall be $0.0166.  The Conversion Price shall be subject
to  equitable  adjustments  for stock  splits,  stock  dividends,  combinations,
recapitalization,  reclassifications  and  similar  events.  The Artera and DMCI
"Conversion  Price" shall be equal to the initial public  offering price of such
stock and also be subject  to  equitable  adjustments  for stock  splits,  stock
dividends, combinations, reclassifications and similar events.

     (b) Borrower shall promptly notify each Holder of any adjustment (and event
that requires  adjustment) to the Conversion Price of Borrower,  Artera and DMCI
pursuant to this Section 2.2.

     2.3 AUTHORIZED  SHARES.  The Borrower  covenants that during the period the
Conversion Right exists,  the Borrower will use its best efforts to reserve from
its  authorized  and  unissued  Common  Stock a  sufficient  number of shares to
provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon the full  conversion of this Note.
The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will be duly and validly
issued,  fully paid and  non-assessable.  The Borrower (i) acknowledges  that it
will  irrevocably  instruct its

                                       2
<PAGE>


transfer agent as soon as practicable to issue certificates for the Common Stock
issuable upon  conversion of this Note and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this
Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents, who are charged
with  the duty of  executing  stock  certificates,  to  execute  and  issue  the
necessary  certificates  for shares of Common Stock upon the  conversion of this
Note.  In the event  that a  sufficient  number of  shares  cannot be  reserved,
Borrower  agrees  to use its  best  efforts  to call an  annual  meeting  of the
Borrower's  shareholders  and seek  approval  for an increase in the  authorized
shares  of the  Borrower's  Common  Stock to a number of  shares  sufficient  to
provide for the full conversion of this Note.

     2.4 METHOD OF  CONVERSION.  Except as  otherwise  provided  in this Note or
agreed to by the Holder,  this Note may be  converted  by the Holder in whole at
any time or in part (provided such partial  conversion is at least $50,000) from
time to time by (i) submitting to the Borrower a Conversion Notice (by facsimile
dispatched on the  Conversion  Date and confirmed by U.S. mail or overnight mail
service sent within two business days  thereafter)  and (ii)  surrendering  this
Note with the mailed  confirmation  of the  Conversion  Notice at the  principal
office of the Borrower.  Upon partial exercise of the conversion rights provided
hereby, a new Note containing the same date and provisions as this Note shall be
issued by the  Borrower  to the  Holder for the  principal  balance of this Note
which shall not have been  converted.  This Note has been issued by the Borrower
pursuant to the exemption from  registration  provided  either by Section 4.2 or
Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act").

     2.5  RESTRICTIONS  ON SHARES.  The  shares of common  stock  issuable  upon
conversion  of this Note may not be sold or  transferred  unless  (i) they first
shall have been registered  under the Act and applicable  state securities laws,
(ii) the Borrower shall have been furnished with an opinion of legal counsel (in
form, substance and scope reasonably  acceptable to Borrower) to the effect that
such sale or transfer is exempt from the registration requirements of the Act or
(iii) they are sold  pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act.  Each  certificate  for
shares of common stock issuable upon  conversion of this Note that have not been
so registered  and that have not been sold pursuant to an exemption that permits
removal of the legend,  shall bear a legend substantially in the following form,
as appropriate:

        THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
        REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. THE
        SECURITIES  HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE
        SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE
        REGISTRATION   STATEMENT  FOR  THE   SECURITIES   UNDER  THE
        SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL
        IN FORM,  SUBSTANCE AND SCOPE  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE TO THE
        BORROWER THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR
        UNLESS SOLD  PURSUANT  TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT.  ANY SUCH
        SALE,   ASSIGNMENT   OR  TRANSFER   MUST  ALSO  COMPLY  WITH
        APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

     Upon the request of a holder of a  certificate  representing  any shares of
common stock  issuable upon  conversion of this Note,  the Borrower shall remove
the  foregoing  legend  from  the  certificate  or  issue  to such  holder a new
certificate  therefor free of any transfer legend, if (i) with such request, the
Borrower  shall  have  received   either  an  opinion  of  counsel,   reasonably
satisfactory  to the Borrower in form,  substance and scope,  to the effect that
any such legend may be removed  from such  certificate,  or (ii) a  registration
statement under the Act covering such  securities is in effect.  Nothing in this
Note shall affect in any way the Holder's  obligations to comply with applicable
securities laws upon the resale of the securities referred to herein.

                                       3
<PAGE>


     Borrower agrees to use its best efforts to register with the Securities and
Exchange  Commission,  no later  than the end of the term of this  Note  (unless
legally  prohibited  from doing so), a number of shares of Common Stock equal to
the  principal  amount  of this  Note  outstanding  at the time of  registration
divided by the  Conversion  Price with  respect to  Borrower.  Such Common Stock
shall not be used, without permission from the Holder, for any other purposes.

     2.6 EFFECT OF MERGER, CONSOLIDATION,  ETC. If at any time when this Note is
issued and outstanding,  there shall be any merger,  consolidation,  exchange of
shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result of
which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a
different number of shares of another class or classes of stock or securities of
the Borrower or another  entity,  or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or
substantially  all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a
plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall
thereafter  have the right to receive  upon  conversion  of this Note,  upon the
bases and upon the  terms and  conditions  specified  herein  and in lieu of the
shares of Common Stock then issuable upon  conversion of this Note (assuming the
occurrence of the Amendments whether or not that has then occurred), such stock,
securities  or assets  which the Holder  would have been  entitled to receive in
such  transaction  had  this  Note  been  converted  immediately  prior  to such
transaction,  and in any such  case  appropriate  provisions  shall be made with
respect to the rights and  interests  of the Holder of this Note to the end that
the provisions hereof (including, without limitation,  provisions for adjustment
of the Conversion  Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of
this Note) shall  thereafter be  applicable,  as nearly as may be practicable in
relation to any securities or assets  thereafter  deliverable  upon the exercise
hereof. The Borrower shall not effect any transaction  described in this Section
2.6 unless the  resulting  successor or acquiring  entity (if not the  Borrower)
assumes by written  instrument  the  obligations of this Section 2.6. The Holder
will have the right if a merger or consolidation  occurs to force the payment in
full of this Note.

     2.7 CONVERSION  AFTER EVENT OF DEFAULT.  The Holder's right to convert this
Note into stock as  described  above shall apply even if an Event of Default (as
defined in Article III below) shall have occurred.

                                   ARTICLE III

                                EVENTS OF DEFAULT

     Each of the  following  shall be an event of  default  (each,  an "Event of
Default"):

     3.1 FAILURE TO PAY PRINCIPAL OR INTEREST. The Borrower fails (i) to pay the
principal hereof when due, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or otherwise
or (ii) to pay any  installment of interest  hereon when due and, in the case of
this  clause (ii) only,  such  failure  continues  for a period of five (5) days
after the due date thereof;

     3.2  CONVERSION.  The Borrower fails to issue shares of common stock to the
Holder  upon  exercise by the Holder of the  conversion  rights of the Holder in
accordance  with the terms of this Note,  and any such  failure  shall  continue
uncured for five (5) business  days after the Borrower  shall have been notified
thereof in writing by the Holder;

     3.3 BREACH OF  COVENANT.  The Borrower  breaches  any material  covenant or
other  material  term or  condition  of this Note  (other  than as  specifically
provided in Sections 3.1 and 3.2 hereof), and such breach continues for a period
of ten (10) business days after written  notice thereof to the Borrower from the
Holder;

                                       4
<PAGE>


     3.4  BREACH  OF  REPRESENTATIONS  AND  WARRANTIES.  Any  representation  or
warranty  of  the  Borrower  made  herein  or in  any  agreement,  statement  or
certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection  herewith shall be
false or  misleading  in any material  respect when made and the breach of which
would have a material  adverse  effect on the  Borrower or the  prospects of the
Borrower or a material  adverse effect on the Holder or the rights of the Holder
with respect to this Note or the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note;

     3.5  RECEIVER OR TRUSTEE.  The Borrower or any  subsidiary  of the Borrower
shall make an assignment  for the benefit of creditors,  or apply for or consent
to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial  part of
its  property or  business;  or such a receiver or trustee  shall  otherwise  be
appointed;

     3.6 JUDGMENTS. Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered
or filed  against the Borrower or any  subsidiary  of the Borrower or any of its
property or other assets for more than  $250,000,  and shall  remain  unvacated,
unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) days unless otherwise consented
to by the Holder;

     3.7  BANKRUPTCY.  Bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization  or  liquidation
proceedings or other  proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law
for the relief of debtors  shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any
subsidiary of the Borrower;

     3.8 MATERIAL LOSS OR THEFT.  Material loss or theft,  substantial damage or
destruction or unauthorized  sale or encumbrance of any material  portion of the
Collateral  (as defined in Article IV hereof) in excess of  reasonably  expected
recoveries under insurance policies, or the making of any levy on, or seizure or
attachment  of or  entry  of a  judgment  against  a  material  portion  of  the
Collateral; or

     3.9 REPORTS.  A material  omission or  misstatement  in any of the Debtor's
previously  or  hereafter  filed  reports  pursuant to the  requirements  of the
Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934,  as  amended,  or the rules  and  regulations
promulgated thereunder.

     Upon the  occurrence  and during the  continuation  of any Event of Default
specified in Sections  3.1(i),  3.2, 3.3,  3.4,  3.6, 3.8 or 3.9 hereof,  at the
option of the Holder  hereof,  and upon the  occurrence  of any event of default
specified in Sections 3.5 or 3.7 hereof,  the Borrower  shall pay to the Holder,
in  satisfaction of its obligation to pay the  outstanding  principal  amount of
this Note and accrued and unpaid interest thereon, an amount equal to the sum of
(i) the  product  of (x) the then  outstanding  principal  amount  of this  Note
multiplied  by (y) 110% plus (ii)  accrued  and  unpaid  interest  on the unpaid
principal amount of this Note to the date of payment (the "Default  Amount") and
such Default Amount, together with all other ancillary amounts payable hereunder
shall  immediately  become due and payable,  all without demand,  presentment or
notice,  all of which  hereby are  expressly  waived,  together  with all costs,
including,  without limitation,  legal fees and expenses of collection,  and the
Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies  available at
law or in equity.  If the Borrower  fails to pay the Default  Amount within five
(5) business  days of written  notice that such amount is due and payable,  then
the Holder shall have the right at any time, so long as the Borrower  remains in
default, to require the Borrower,  upon written notice, to immediately issue (in
accordance with the terms of Article II hereof),  in lieu of the Default Amount,
the number of shares of Common Stock of the Borrower equal to the Default Amount
divided by the Conversion Price then in effect.

     The occurrence of an Event of Default  specified in Section  3.1(ii) hereof
shall not give rise to the  acceleration and Default Payment rights described in
the immediately  preceding  paragraph.  However,  upon an Event of Default under
Section  3.1(ii),  the  Borrower  shall pay to the  Holder,  in  addition to the
interest  installment  triggering  the operation of Section  3.1(ii),  an amount
equal to the product of (iii) the

                                       5
<PAGE>


then  outstanding  principal  amount  of this Note  multiplied  by (iv) 10% (the
"Interest  Default Amount") and such Interest  Default Amount shall  immediately
become due and payable, all without demand,  presentment or notice, all of which
hereby  are  expressly  waived,  together  with all  costs,  including,  without
limitation,  legal fees and  expenses of  collection.  With  respect to interest
installments due and payable  thereafter under this Note, if an Event of Default
occurs under Section 3.1(ii) with respect to any such subsequent  installment or
the Borrower has not, as of the date of such subsequent  Event of Default,  paid
all amounts due with respect to prior interest installments  (including Interest
Default  Amounts),  an additional  payment equal to the Interest  Default Amount
(calculated at such subsequent date) shall  immediately  become due and payable,
all without  demand,  presentment  or notice,  all of which hereby are expressly
waived, together with all costs, including,  without limitation,  legal fees and
expenses of collection.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                                   COLLATERAL

     Borrower agrees that the lien created by the UCC-1  financing  statement(s)
assigned to Holder by Production  Resource Group,  LLC shall serve as collateral
for this Note.  As  additional  collateral,  Borrower  hereby grants to Holder a
security interest in all inventory,  machinery, equipment, stocks, bonds, notes,
accounts  receivable,  any rights or claims that they may have against any other
person,  firm, or corporation for monies,  choses in action,  any bank accounts,
checking accounts,  certificates of deposit or any financial instrument, patents
and intellectual property rights or any other assets owned by Borrower as of the
date of this agreement, or hereafter acquired.

     The lien of the holder of this note shall  continue until this note is paid
or otherwise disposed of in accordance with its terms and conditions.

     All  collateral  rights in  intellectual  property is  subordinated  to the
Borrower's current licenses and future licenses  provided,  that with respect to
future  licenses,  the consent of the Holder must be obtained,  but such consent
will not be unreasonably  withheld.  The patents and intellectual property which
are licensed under the cross license  agreement dated September 27, 1997,  among
NXT plc, New Transducers Limited, being related companies,  the Borrower and NCT
Audio Products,  Inc. (or any successor  agreements) are  specifically  excluded
from the collateral.  There are approximately 20 pieces of intellectual property
in which,  under the cross license  agreement,  Borrower may not, and hence does
not herein, grant a security interest.  In addition,  all agreements between NCT
Audio  Products,  Inc. and the Borrower that relate to such  agreement,  and the
stock of NCT Audio  Products,  Inc.  owned by the Borrower,  shall  similarly be
excluded from the security interest granted in this Note.

     If Borrower does not pay the debt or other obligations under this Note when
due, the  collateral may be sold in order to pay such debt and  obligations,  or
same may be transferred  to the name of the Holder,  as Holder in her discretion
decides.  Holder may inspect the  collateral at all reasonable  times.  Borrower
further agrees that it will do anything reasonably  requested by Holder in order
to make Holder's security interest in the collateral legally effective including
the execution of a UCC-1.

                                    ARTICLE V

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

5.1      FAILURE OR  INDULGENCY  NOT WAIVER.  No failure or delay on the part of
the Holder in the  exercise of any power,  right or  privilege  hereunder  shall
operate as a waiver  thereof,  nor shall any single or partial  exercise  of any
such power,  right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or

                                       6
<PAGE>


of any other  right,  power or  privilege.  All  rights  and  remedies  existing
hereunder  are  cumulative  to, and not  exclusive  of,  any rights or  remedies
otherwise available.

5.2      NOTICES.  Notices,  demands and other  communications  given under this
Note shall be in writing  and shall be deemed to have been given when  delivered
(if personally  delivered),  on the scheduled date of delivery (if delivered via
commercial  courier),  three  days  after  mailed  (if  mailed by  certified  or
registered mail, return receipt requested) or when sent by facsimile (if sent by
facsimile  with  evidence of  successful  transmission  retained by the sender);
provided, however, that failure to give proper and timely notice as set forth in
the "with a copy to" provisions below shall not invalidate a notice properly and
timely given to the associated party. Unless another address or facsimile number
is specified by notice hereunder, all notices shall be sent as follows:


If to the Holder:                            with a copy to:
- ----------------                             --------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ms. Carole Salkind                           Peter Rosen, Esq.
18911 Collins Ave., Apt. 2403                Rosen & Avigliano
Sunny Isles Beach, FL 33160                  431 Route 10 East
                                             Randolph, NJ  07689
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Facsimile:  305-932-2425                     Facsimile:  973-361-1644
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If to the Borrower:                          with a copy to:
- ------------------                           --------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NCT Group, Inc.                              NCT Group, Inc.
20 Ketchum Street                            20 Ketchum Street
Westport, CT  06880                          Westport, CT  06880
Attention:  Chief Financial Officer          Attention:  General Counsel
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Facsimile:  203-226-4338                     Facsimile:  203-226-4338
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     5.3 AMENDMENT  PROVISION.  This Note and any  provision  hereof may only be
amended by an instrument in writing  signed by the Borrower and the Holder.  The
term "Note" and all references  thereto,  as used  throughout  this  instrument,
shall  mean this  instrument  as  originally  executed,  or if later  amended or
supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented.

     5.4  ASSIGNABILITY.  This Note shall be binding  upon the  Borrower and its
successors  and  assigns and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER, that so long as no Event of Default
has occurred,  this Note shall only be transferable in whole or in increments of
$100,000 to "Accredited Investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Act).

     5.5 COST OF COLLECTION. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the
Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection,  including  reasonable
attorneys' fees.

     5.6  GOVERNING  LAW AND  JURISDICTION.  This Note shall be  governed by the
internal  laws of the State of  Delaware,  without  regard to  conflicts of laws
principles.  The parties hereto hereby submit to the exclusive  jurisdiction  of
the United States Federal Courts located in the state of New Jersey with respect
to any dispute arising under this Note.

     5.7 DAMAGES SHARES.  The shares of Common Stock that may be issuable to the
Holder  pursuant to Article III hereof  ("Damages  Shares")  shall be treated as
Common Stock issuable upon  conversion of this Note for all purposes  hereof and
shall be subject to all of the limitations and afforded all of the rights of the
other shares of Common Stock  issuable  hereunder.  For purposes of  calculating

                                       7
<PAGE>


interest payable on the outstanding principal amount hereof, amounts convertible
into Damages  Shares  ("Damages  Amounts")  shall not bear  interest but must be
converted  prior to the conversion of any outstanding  principal  amount hereof,
until the outstanding  Damages Amount is zero. Damaged Shares can only be issued
after Borrower has received the written notice that the Holder wishes to receive
such shares.

     5.8  DENOMINATIONS.  At the request of the Holder,  upon  surrender of this
Note, the Borrower  shall promptly issue new Notes in the aggregate  outstanding
principal amount hereof, in the form hereof,  in such  denominations of at least
$50,000 as the Holder shall request.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name
by its duly authorized officer as of the date first written above.


                                         NCT GROUP, INC.


                                         By:  /s/  Michael J. Parrella
                                              ---------------------------------
                                              Michael J. Parrella
                                              Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

                                       8
<PAGE>


                                                                       EXHIBIT 1
                                                                       ---------


                NOTICE OF CONVERSION OF SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE

TO:  NCT Group, Inc.

     (1) Pursuant to the terms of the  attached  Secured  Convertible  Note (the
"Note"),  the undersigned hereby elects to convert $________ principal amount of
the Note into shares of common stock of:

    _____  NCT Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation

    _____  Distributed Media Corporation International Limited, a UK corporation

    _____  Artera (UK) Limited, a UK corporation

    _____  Other public subsidiary (identify: ________________________________)1

Capitalized  terms  used  herein  and not  otherwise  defined  herein  have  the
respective meanings provided in the Note.

     (2) Please issue a certificate or certificates  for the number of shares of
common stock into which such principal  amount of the Note is convertible in the
name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary,  on an
attachment hereto:

Name:               Carole Salkind       Name:
                    ----------------                         -------------------

Address:                                 Address:
                    ----------------                         -------------------

SS or Tax ID Number:                     SS or Tax ID Number:
                    ----------------                         -------------------

     (3) In the event of partial  exercise,  please reissue an appropriate  Note
for the principal balance which shall not have been converted.

     (4) If the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Note have
not been  registered  under the  Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act"),
the undersigned represents and warrants that (i) such shares of common stock are
being acquired for the account of the undersigned for investment, and not with a
present view to, or for resale in connection with, the distribution thereof, and
that the undersigned has no present  intention of distributing or reselling such
securities,  in each case, other than pursuant to a registration statement under
the Act and (ii) the  undersigned  is an  "Accredited  Investor"  as  defined in
Regulation  D under  the  Act.  The  undersigned  further  agrees  that (A) such
securities  shall not be sold or transferred  unless either (i) they first shall
have been registered  under the Act and applicable state securities laws or (ii)
the Borrower first shall have been furnished with either (x) an opinion of legal
counsel (in form,  substance and scope  reasonably  satisfactory to Borrower) to
the  effect  that  such  sale  or  transfer  is  exempt  from  the  registration
requirements of the Act or (y) satisfactory representations from the undersigned
that the undersigned may immediately  sell all of such securities (to the extent
such  securities  are deemed to have been acquired on the same date) pursuant to
Rule 144 under the Act (or a successor thereto) and (B) the Borrower may place a
legend on the certificate(s) for such securities to that effect and place a stop
transfer restriction in its records relating to such securities.


Date -----------------                  ----------------------------------------
                                        Signature of Registered Holder
                                        (must be signed exactly as name  appears
                                        in the Note.  The  signature  must  be
                                        guaranteed  by a member  firm of the
                                        New York Stock Exchange or the  National
                                        Association of Securities  Dealers or by
                                        a commercial  bank or trust having an
                                        office in the United States)


- ----------------------
1 May not be Pro Tech Communications, Inc.

                                       9


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
