-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 BQMxdbN/3xaaCEykxsbQMHjUOC+ukOpjH3L/LmEituP3GoGgeahwgjfHsLOCqCxK
 L0Mc1W44z2FrbxyHkN2WRQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000722051-04-000156.txt : 20041223
<SEC-HEADER>0000722051-04-000156.hdr.sgml : 20041223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041223135451
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000722051-04-000156
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041217
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NCT GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000722051
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		IRS NUMBER:				592501025
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-18267
		FILM NUMBER:		041223605

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 KETCHUM ST
		CITY:			WESTPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06880
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2032264447

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 KETCHUM ST
		CITY:			WESTPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06880

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NOISE CANCELLATION TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ION TECHNOLOGIES INC/NV
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19850512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRETORIA TECHNOLOGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19840404
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>nct8k_salkind-121704.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>


                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549



                                    FORM 8-K


                                 CURRENT REPORT

     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934


       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 17, 2004


                                 NCT Group, Inc.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


          Delaware                       0-18267                59-2501025
- ----------------------------       --------------------     --------------------
(State or other jurisdiction           (Commission             (IRS Employer
     of incorporation)                 File Number)          Identification No.)


20 Ketchum Street, Westport, CT                                      06880
- -----------------------------------------                        ---------------
(Address of principal executive offices)                           (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number including area code:               (203) 226-4447
                                                                 ---------------




Check  the  appropriate  box  below  if the  Form  8-K  filing  is  intended  to
simultaneously  satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

|_|  Written  communications  pursuant to Rule 425 under the  Securities Act (17
     CFR 230.425)

|_|  Soliciting  material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
     240.14a-12)

|_|  Pre-commencement   communications  pursuant  to  Rule  14d-2(b)  under  the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

|_|  Pre-commencement   communications  pursuant  to  Rule  13e-4(c)  under  the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

<PAGE>


Item 1.01.   Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Item 2.03.   Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an
             Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

Item 3.02.   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.


On December  17, 2004,  NCT Group,  Inc.  ("NCT")  issued  Carole  Salkind an 8%
convertible note in the principal amount of $400,000, for which Ms. Salkind paid
NCT $400,000 in cash. The note is secured by substantially  all of the assets of
NCT. The note matures on June 17, 2005.  The note bears interest at 8% per annum
until the due date of the note,  and bears  interest at a default rate of 13% on
any amount of  principal  or  interest  that is not paid when due.  Interest  is
payable  on June 17,  2005.  At the  election  of Ms.  Salkind,  the note may be
converted into 24,096,386  shares of NCT common stock at a conversion  price per
share of $0.0166 or exchanged  for shares of common stock of any  subsidiary  of
NCT (except Pro Tech  Communications,  Inc.) that makes a public offering of its
common  stock  (at the  public  offering  price).  The note  contains  events of
default,  any one of which (if not cured)  triggers a default  penalty of 10% of
the then outstanding  principal.  If triggered,  the default penalty, along with
the  outstanding  principal and accrued  interest,  becomes  immediately due and
payable.  Events of default  include the failure to pay  principal  and interest
when due and the  failure  to issue  shares of common  stock  upon  exercise  of
conversion rights.

In  conjunction  with this note  issuance,  NCT issued Ms.  Salkind a  five-year
warrant to acquire 6,750,000 shares of NCT common stock at an exercise price per
share of $0.0166.

The issuance of the note and warrant was not registered under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, in reliance upon the exemption set forth in Section 4(2) of
the Securities Act relating to  transactions by an issuer not involving a public
offering.


Item 9.01    Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(c) Exhibits

4.1       Warrant  dated  December  17,  2004  issued to Carole  Salkind for the
          purchase of 6,750,000  shares of NCT common stock at a purchase  price
          of $0.0166 per share.

10.01     Secured  Convertible  Note  in  principal  amount  of  $400,000  dated
          December 17, 2004 issued by NCT to Carole Salkind.

                                       2
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant  has duly  caused  this  report  to be  signed  on its  behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


                                                  NCT GROUP, INC.


                                                  By:  /s/ Cy E. Hammond
                                                       -------------------------
                                                       Cy E. Hammond
                                                       Senior Vice President and
                                                       Chief Financial Officer


Date:    December 23, 2004

                                       3


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exh-4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>WARRANT
<TEXT>

Exhibit 4.1


THIS  WARRANT  HAS NOT BEEN  REGISTERED  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OF 1933,  AS
AMENDED,  OR APPLICABLE  STATE  SECURITIES  LAWS, NOR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY
OTHER  JURISDICTION.  THIS WARRANT MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE
OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THOSE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN OPINION
OF COUNSEL, IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE  SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT THE SALE OR
TRANSFER IS PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION TO THE  REGISTRATION  REQUIREMENTS OF THOSE
SECURITIES LAWS.

                                -----------------

No. CS-103                                         Dated as of December 17, 2004
- ----------

         Void after 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on December 17, 2009

                                     WARRANT

              for the Purchase of 6,750,000 Shares of Common Stock

     FOR  VALUE  RECEIVED,   NCT  GROUP,   INC.  (the  "Company"),   a  Delaware
corporation,  on this day of December 17, 2004 (the "Grant  Date") hereby issues
this warrant (the "Warrant") and certifies that Carole Salkind (the "Holder") is
granted the right,  subject to the  provisions of the Warrant,  to purchase from
the Company,  at any time, or from time to time during the period  commencing at
9:00 a.m. New York City local time on December 17, 2004,  and  expiring,  unless
earlier  terminated as  hereinafter  provided,  at 5:00 p.m. New York City local
time on  December  17,  2009 up to Six  Million  Seven  Hundred  Fifty  Thousand
(6,750,000) fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock, $.01 par value,
of the Company at a price per share (the "Exercise  Price") equal to the closing
sale price of the Common Stock (as defined below) on the Trading Day (as defined
below) immediately preceding the date of this Warrant;  provided,  however, that
if, on the date of this  Warrant  and the three  Trading  Days  thereafter  (the
"Window"), neither the Holder nor any Related Party (as defined below) sells or,
whether in writing or  otherwise,  agrees to sell any shares of Common  Stock or
any  option,  warrant,  instrument  or right to convert  into,  exchange  for or
acquire Common Stock,  then the Exercise Price shall be reduced to a price equal
to the lowest  closing sale price,  if lower than the price  specified  above in
this sentence, of the Common Stock during the Window on the principal securities
exchange  or market on which the  Common  Stock is then  traded as  reported  on
Bloomberg  Financial  Markets.  If any  closing  sale price of the Common  Stock
during the Window is lower than the price specified in the immediately preceding
sentence,  the Holder shall give the Borrower  prompt written notice of any sale
of or agreement to sell any Common Stock or option, warrant, instrument or right
to convert  into,  exchange for or acquire  Common Stock made by the Holder or a
Related  Party during the Window.  "Trading Day" shall mean any day on which the
applicable  common stock is traded for any period on the NASDAQ National Market,
or on the principal  securities exchange or other securities market on which the
applicable  common  stock is then being  traded.  "Related  Party"  shall mean a
member of the Holder's immediate family,  including spouse (even if separated or
not residing with the Holder) and adult  children (even if not residing with the
Holder),  or an entity  (other than the Company) of which the Holder or any such
immediate  family  member is an  officer,  director  or  beneficial  shareholder
(determined  under Rule 13d-3  under the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934,  as
amended).

<PAGE>


     The term "Common  Stock" means the shares of Common Stock,  $.01 par value,
of the Company constituted on the Grant Date of this Warrant,  together with any
other equity securities that may be issued by the Company in addition thereto or
in  substitution  therefor.  The number of shares of Common Stock to be received
upon  the  exercise  of  this  Warrant  may be  adjusted  from  time  to time as
hereinafter  set  forth.  The  shares  of  Common  Stock  deliverable  upon such
exercise,  and as adjusted from time to time, are hereinafter sometimes referred
to as "Warrant Stock".

     Upon receipt by the Company of evidence  reasonably  satisfactory  to it of
the loss, theft,  destruction or mutilation of this Warrant, and (in the case of
loss, theft or destruction) of reasonably satisfactory indemnification, and upon
surrender  and  cancellation  of this Warrant,  if mutilated,  the Company shall
execute and  deliver a new Warrant of like tenor and date.  Any such new Warrant
executed and delivered shall constitute an additional  contractual obligation on
the part of the Company,  whether or not this Warrant so lost, stolen, destroyed
or mutilated shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.

     The Holder agrees with the Company that this Warrant is issued, and all the
rights  hereunder shall be held,  subject to all of the conditions,  limitations
and provisions set forth herein.

     1.  Exercise of Warrant.  This Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part
at any time,  or from time to time,  during the period  commencing at 9:00 a.m.,
New York City local time, on December 17, 2004,  and expiring at 5:00 p.m.,  New
York City local time,  on December 17,  2009,  or, if such day is a day on which
banking  institutions  in the City of New York are  authorized  by law to close,
then on the next succeeding day that shall not be such a day.

     Subject to the restrictions  and limitations set forth above,  this Warrant
may be  exercised by  presentation  and  surrender  hereof to the Company at its
principal  office with the Warrant  Exercise Form attached  hereto duly executed
and  accompanied  by payment  (either in cash or by certified  or official  bank
check, payable to the order of the Company) of the Exercise Price for the number
of shares  specified in such Form and  instruments of transfer,  if appropriate,
duly executed by the Holder.  If this Warrant  should be exercised in part only,
the Company shall, upon surrender of this Warrant for cancellation,  execute and
deliver a new Warrant  evidencing  the rights of the Holder  thereof to purchase
the balance of the shares purchasable hereunder.  Upon receipt by the Company of
this Warrant, together with the Warrant Exercise Form and the Exercise Price, at
its office,  in proper form for  exercise,  the Holder shall be deemed to be the
holder of record of the  shares of Common  Stock  issuable  upon such  exercise,
notwithstanding  that the stock  transfer  books of the  Company  shall  then be
closed or that  certificates  representing such shares of Common Stock shall not
then be  actually  delivered  to the Holder.  The Company  shall pay any and all
documentary  stamp or similar issue or transfer  taxes payable in respect of the
issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock on exercise of this Warrant.

     2.  Reservation  of  Shares.  The  Company  will at all times  reserve  for
issuance and delivery  upon  exercise of this Warrant all shares of Common Stock
of the Company from time to

                                       2
<PAGE>


time  receivable  upon exercise of this  Warrant.  All such shares shall be duly
authorized and, when issued upon such exercise,  shall be validly issued,  fully
paid and nonassessable and free of all preemptive rights.

     3. Warrant Stock  Transfer to Comply with the  Securities  Act of 1933. The
Warrant  Stock  may not be sold  or  otherwise  disposed  of  unless  registered
pursuant to the  provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933
Act"), or an opinion of counsel in form and content  satisfactory to the Company
is obtained  stating that such sale or other  disposition  is made in compliance
with  an  available  exemption  from  such  registration.   Any  sale  or  other
disposition  of the Warrant  Stock must also comply  with all  applicable  state
securities laws and regulations.

     4. Fractional Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional
shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant,  but the Company shall
issue one  additional  share of its Common  Stock in lieu of each  fraction of a
share otherwise called for upon any exercise of this Warrant.

     5. Exchange,  Transfer,  Assignment of Loss of Warrant. This Warrant is not
registered  under the 1933 Act nor under any applicable  state securities law or
regulation.  This Warrant cannot be sold,  exchanged,  transferred,  assigned or
otherwise  disposed of unless registered  pursuant to the provisions of the 1933
Act or an opinion of counsel in form and content  satisfactory to the Company is
obtained  stating  that such  disposition  is in  compliance  with an  available
exemption  from  registration.  Any  such  disposition  must  also  comply  with
applicable state securities laws and regulations.

     6.  Rights of the  Holder.  The Holder  shall  not,  by virtue  hereof,  be
entitled  to any rights of a  stockholder  of the  Company,  either at law or in
equity,  and the  rights of the Holder are  limited to those  expressed  in this
Warrant.

     7. Redemption. This Warrant is not redeemable by the Company.

     8. Anti-Dilution Provisions.

     8.1  Adjustment  for  Dividends  in  Other  Securities,   Property,   Etc.:
Reclassification,  Etc. In case at any time or from time to time after the Grant
Date the holders of Common Stock (or any other securities at the time receivable
upon the  exercise  of this  Warrant)  shall have  received,  or on or after the
record date fixed for the  determination  of eligible  stockholders,  shall have
become  entitled to receive without  payment  therefor:  (a) other or additional
securities or property  (other than cash) by way of dividend,  (b) any cash paid
or  payable  except out of earned  surplus  of the  Company at the Grant Date as
increased  (decreased)  by  subsequent  credits  (charges)  thereto  (other than
credits  in respect of any  capital or paid-in  surplus or surplus  created as a
result  of a  revaluation  of  property)  or (c) other or  additional  (or less)
securities  or  property  (including  cash)  by  way of  stock-split,  spin-off,
split-up,   reclassification,   combination  of  shares  or  similar   corporate
rearrangement, then, and in each such case, the Holder of this Warrant, upon the
exercise thereof as provided in Section 1, shall be

                                       3
<PAGE>


entitled to  receive,  subject to the  limitations  and  restrictions  set forth
above,  the  amount of  securities  and  property  (including  cash in the cases
referred  to in clauses (b) and (c) above)  which such Holder  would hold on the
date of such  exercise  if on the Grant Date it had been the holder of record of
the  number  of  shares  of Common  Stock  (as  constituted  on the Grant  Date)
subscribed  for upon such exercise as provided in Section 1 and had  thereafter,
during  the  period  from  the  Grant  Date to and  including  the  date of such
exercise,  retained such shares and/or all other additional (or less) securities
and  property  (including  cash in the cases  referred to in clauses (b) and (c)
above)  receivable by it as aforesaid  during such period,  giving effect to all
adjustments called for during such period by Section 8.2.

     8.2 Adjustment for Reorganization,  Consolidation,  Merger, Etc. In case of
any reorganization of the Company (or any other  corporation,  the securities of
which are at the time  receivable  on the  exercise of this  Warrant)  after the
Grant  Date  or in  case  after  such  date  the  Company  (or  any  such  other
corporation) shall consolidate with or merge into another  corporation or convey
all or substantially all of its assets to another corporation, then, and in each
such case,  the Holder of this Warrant upon the exercise  thereof as provided in
Section  1  at  any  time  after  the   consummation  of  such   reorganization,
consolidation,  merger or conveyance,  shall be entitled to receive,  in lieu of
the securities and property  receivable  upon the exercise of this Warrant prior
to such consummation, the securities or property to which such Holder would have
been entitled upon such  consummation  if such Holder had exercised this Warrant
immediately  prior  thereto,  all subject to further  adjustment  as provided in
Section 8.1; in each such case, the terms of this Warrant shall be applicable to
the  securities or property  receivable  upon the exercise of this Warrant after
such consummation.

     8.3  Certificate  as to  Adjustments.  In each case of an adjustment in the
number of shares of Common Stock (or other securities or property) receivable on
the exercise of the Warrant,  the Company at its expense will  promptly  compute
such  adjustment  in  accordance  with the terms of the  Warrant  and  prepare a
certificate  setting forth such  adjustment and showing in detail the facts upon
which such adjustment is based,  including a statement of (a) the  consideration
received or to be received  by the Company for any  additional  shares of Common
Stock  issued or sold or deemed to have been  issued or sold,  (b) the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding or deemed to be outstanding,  and (c) the pro
forma  adjusted  Exercise.  The Company will  forthwith mail a copy of each such
certificate to the holder of this Warrant.

     8.4  Notices of Record Date, Etc.

          In case:

     (a) the Company  shall take a record of the holders of its Common Stock (or
other  securities at the time  receivable  upon the exercise of the Warrant) for
the  purpose  of  entitling  them to receive  any  dividend  (other  than a cash
dividend)  or other  distribution,  or any right to subscribe  for,  purchase or
otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any class or any other  securities,  or
to receive any other right; or

                                       4
<PAGE>


     (b) of any capital  reorganization of the Company (other than a stock split
or reverse  stock  split),  any  reclassification  of the  capital  stock of the
Company,  any  consolidation  or  merger  of the  Company  with or into  another
corporation  (other  than a merger for  purposes of change of  domicile)  or any
conveyance of all or  substantially  all of the assets of the Company to another
corporation; or

     (c) of any voluntary or involuntary dissolution,  liquidation or winding-up
of the Company,  then, and in each such case, the Company shall mail or cause to
be  mailed  to each  holder  of the  Warrant  at the time  outstanding  a notice
specifying,  as the case may be,  (i) the date on which a record  is to be taken
for the purpose of such dividend,  distribution or right, and stating the amount
and character of such dividend, distribution or right, or (ii) the date on which
such  reorganization,   reclassification,   consolidation,  merger,  conveyance,
dissolution,  liquidation or winding-up is to take place,  and the time, if any,
is to be fixed, as to which the holders of record of Common Stock (or such other
securities  at the time  receivable  upon the exercise of the Warrant)  shall be
entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock (or such other securities) for
securities   or   other   property   deliverable   upon   such   reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger, conveyance, dissolution, liquidation or
winding-up.  Such notice  shall be mailed at least twenty (20) days prior to the
date  therein  specified  and the  Warrant may be  exercised  prior to said date
during the term of the Warrant no later than five (5) days prior to said date.

     9. Legend. In the event of the exercise of this Warrant and the issuance of
any of the Warrant Stock hereunder, all certificates  representing Warrant Stock
shall bear on the face thereof  substantially the following legends,  insofar as
is consistent with Delaware law:

         "The shares of common stock  represented by this certificate
         have not been  registered  under the Securities Act of 1933,
         as  amended,  or the  Securities  laws of any state or other
         jurisdiction,  and  may  not  be  sold,  offered  for  sale,
         assigned,  transferred  or  otherwise  disposed  of,  unless
         registered  pursuant  to the  provisions  of that Act and of
         such Securities laws or an opinion of counsel  acceptable to
         the Corporation is obtained stating that such disposition is
         in  compliance   with  an  available   exemption  from  such
         registration."

     10. Governing Law and  Jurisdiction.  This Warrant shall be governed by the
internal  laws of the State of  Delaware,  without  regard to  conflicts of laws
principles.  The parties hereto hereby submit to the exclusive  jurisdiction  of
the United States Federal Courts located in the state of New Jersey with respect
to any dispute arising under this Warrant.

     11. Notices.  Notices,  demands and other  communications  given under this
Agreement  shall be in  writing  and shall be deemed  to have  been  given  when
delivered  (if  personally  delivered),  on the  scheduled  date of delivery (if
delivered  via  commercial  courier),  three  days  after  mailed  (if mailed by
certified  or  registered  mail,  return  receipt  requested)  or  when  sent by
facsimile  (if  sent by  facsimile  with  evidence  of  successful  transmission
retained by the  sender);  provided,  however,  that  failure to give proper and
timely  notice as set forth in the "with a copy to"  provisions  below shall not
invalidate a notice  properly and timely given to the

                                       5
<PAGE>


associated  party.  Unless another  address or facsimile  number is specified by
notice hereunder, all notices shall be sent as follows:


If to the Holder:                            with a copy to:
- ----------------                             --------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ms. Carole Salkind                           Peter Rosen, Esq.
18911 Collins Ave., Apt. 2403                Rosen & Avigliano
Sunny Isles Beach, FL 33160                  431 Route 10 East
                                             Randolph, NJ  07689
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Facsimile:  305-932-2425                     Facsimile:  973-361-1644
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If to the Borrower:                          with a copy to:
- ------------------                           --------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NCT Group, Inc.                              NCT Group, Inc.
20 Ketchum Street                            20 Ketchum Street
Westport, CT  06880                          Westport, CT  06880
Attention:  Chief Financial Officer          Attention:  General Counsel
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Facsimile:  203-226-4338                     Facsimile:  203-226-4338
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be signed on its
behalf,  in its corporate name, by its duly authorized  officer,  as of the date
first written above.


                                         NCT GROUP, INC.



                                         By:  Michael J. Parrella
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Michael J. Parrella
                                              Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

                                       6
<PAGE>


                              WARRANT EXERCISE FORM

         (To be executed by the Holder in order to Exercise the Warrant)

          TO:   NCT Group, Inc.
                20 Ketchum Street
                Westport, CT  06880
                Attention:  Chief Financial Officer

     The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the within Warrant to
the extent of purchasing _________ shares of Common Stock of NCT Group, Inc. and
hereby  makes  payment at the rate of  $______  per share,  or an  aggregate  of
$________, in payment therefor.

     The  undersigned  represents,  warrants and  certifies  that all offers and
sales  of the  Warrant  Stock  shall  be  made:  (i)  pursuant  to an  effective
registration  statement  under the 1933 Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or
in a transaction not subject to, the registration  requirements of the 1993 Act;
and (ii) in compliance  with applicable  state  securities laws and those of any
other applicable jurisdiction.


Dated:
       -----------------------

                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Name of Warrant Holder


                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Signature


                ------------------------------------------------

                       INSTRUCTIONS FOR ISSUANCE OF STOCK

         (if other than to the registered holder of the within Warrant)


Name:
             --------------------------------------------------------
                  (Please type or print in block letters)

Address:
          --------------------------------------------------------

Social Security or Taxpayer Identification Number:
                                                    ----------------------

                                       7


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.01
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exh-10.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONVERTIBLE NOTE
<TEXT>

Exhibit 10.01


THE SECURITIES  REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
CONVERSION  HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
AMENDED.  THE SECURITIES  HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD,
TRANSFERRED  OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT
FOR THE SECURITIES  UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,  OR AN OPINION
OF COUNSEL IN FORM,  SUBSTANCE AND SCOPE  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE TO THE BORROWER
THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE
144 UNDER SAID ACT. ANY SUCH SALE,  ASSIGNMENT OR TRANSFER MUST ALSO COMPLY WITH
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

                            SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE
                                 (No. CTS-04-35)

December 17, 2004                                                    $400,000.00


FOR VALUE RECEIVED, NCT GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation  (hereinafter called
the  "Borrower")  hereby  promises  to pay to the  order of  Carole  Salkind  or
registered  assigns (the "Holder") the sum of Four Hundred  Thousand Dollars and
No Cents  ($400,000.00)  on June 17,  2005,  and to pay  interest  on the unpaid
principal balance hereof at eight percent (8%) per annum (the "Ordinary Interest
Rate") from the date hereof (the "Issue  Date")  until the same  becomes due and
payable,  whether at maturity or upon  acceleration or otherwise.  Any amount of
principal  of or  interest  on this Note  which is not paid when due shall  bear
interest at the rate of five percent (5%) above the Ordinary  Interest Rate (the
"Default  Interest  Rate")  from the due date  thereof  until  the same is paid.
Interest  shall  commence  accruing  on the Issue  Date and,  to the  extent not
converted  in  accordance  with the  provisions  of Article  II below,  shall be
payable in arrears on the date the  principal  amount in respect of which it has
accrued is paid,  whether at maturity or upon  acceleration  or by prepayment or
otherwise.  All payments of principal  and interest (to the extent not converted
in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United
States of  America.  All  payments  shall be made at such  address as the Holder
shall  hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance  with
the provisions of this Note.

The following terms shall apply to this Note:

                                    ARTICLE I

                                  NO PREPAYMENT

     1.1  PREPAYMENT.  This  Note is not  subject  to  prepayment.  This Note is
subject to optional conversion in accordance with Section 2.7 below.

                                   ARTICLE II

            CONVERSION AND PURCHASE RIGHTS; PAYMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE

     2.1  CONVERSION  RIGHT.  The Holder  shall have the right (the  "Conversion
Right") at any time on or prior to the day this Note is paid in full, to convert
at any time all or from  time to time any  part of the  outstanding  and  unpaid
principal  amount of this Note of at least  $50,000,  or such  lesser  amount as
shall remain unpaid at the time of the conversion,  into, at Holder's  election,
(i) fully paid and  non-assessable  shares of common  stock,  par value $.01 per
share, of the Borrower ("Common  Stock"),  at the conversion price determined by
Section  2.2(a)  hereof;  (ii) if Artera  (UK)  Limited  ("Artera")  has made an

<PAGE>


initial public  offering of its common stock,  par value  (pound)1.00 per share,
fully paid and non-assessable  shares of such stock owned by the Borrower,  at a
conversion price equal to the initial public offering price of such stock; (iii)
if  Distributed  Media  Corporation  International  Limited  ("DMCI") has made a
public offering of its common stock, par value (pound)1.00 per share, fully paid
and non-assessable  shares of such stock owned by the Borrower,  at a conversion
price equal to the initial public offering price of such stock;  and (iv) if any
other subsidiary of the Borrower (other than Pro Tech Communications,  Inc.) has
made a public offering of its common stock, fully paid and non-assessable shares
of such stock owned by the Borrower,  at a conversion price equal to the initial
public  offering  price  of  such  stock.  Upon  the  surrender  of  this  Note,
accompanied  by a Notice of Conversion of Secured  Convertible  Note in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit 1, properly completed and duly executed by the Holder
(a "Conversion Notice"),  the Borrower shall issue and, within five (5) business
days after such surrender of this Note with the Conversion Notice, deliver to or
upon the order of the Holder (x) that  number of shares of common  stock for the
portion of the Note converted as shall be determined in accordance  herewith and
(y) a new  Note in the form  hereof  for the  balance  of the  principal  amount
hereof, if any.

     The number of shares of common stock to be issued upon each  conversion  of
this Note shall be determined by dividing (i) the sum of (A) that portion of the
principal  amount  of the Note to be  converted  plus (B) the  "Conversion  Date
Interest" (as defined below), by (ii) the Conversion Price (as defined below) in
effect on the date the  Conversion  Notice is  delivered  to the Borrower by the
Holder.  Conversion Date Interest means the product of (i) the principal  amount
of the Note to be converted,  multiplied by (ii) a fraction (A) the numerator of
which is the number of days elapsed  since the date of issuance of this Note and
(B) the  denominator of which is 365,  multiplied by the Ordinary  Interest Rate
(iii) or, a  fraction  (A) the  numerator  of which is the number of days in the
period  of  time  after  the  occurrence  of an  Event  of  Default  and (B) the
denominator of which is 365, multiplied by the Default Interest Rate.

     2.2 CONVERSION PRICE.

     (a) The per share  "Conversion  Price" for conversion of this Note into the
Borrower's  Common  Stock shall be equal to the closing sale price of the Common
Stock on the Trading Day (as defined  below)  immediately  preceding the date of
this Note;  provided,  however,  that if, on the date of this Note and the three
Trading Days thereafter (the "Window"), neither the Holder nor any Related Party
(as defined below) sells or, whether in writing or otherwise, agrees to sell any
shares of Common Stock or any option,  warrant,  instrument  or right to convert
into,  exchange for or acquire Common Stock, then such price shall be reduced to
a price  equal  to the  lowest  closing  sale  price,  if lower  than the  price
specified  above in this sentence,  of the Common Stock during the Window on the
principal securities exchange or market on which the Common Stock is then traded
as reported on  Bloomberg  Financial  Markets.  If any closing sale price of the
Common  Stock  during  the  Window  is lower  than the  price  specified  at the
beginning of this  Section  2.2(a),  the Holder  shall give the Borrower  prompt
written  notice of any sale of or  agreement to sell any Common Stock or option,
warrant,  instrument  or right to convert into,  exchange for or acquire  Common
Stock made by the Holder or a Related  Party  during the Window.  "Trading  Day"
shall  mean any day on which the  Common  Stock is traded  for any period on the
NASDAQ  National  Market,  or on the  principal  securities  exchange  or  other
securities  market on which the  Common  Stock is then  being  traded.  "Related
Party" shall mean a member of the Holder's  immediate  family,  including spouse
(even if separated or not residing with the Holder) and adult  children (even if
not residing  with the Holder),  or an entity (other than the Borrower) of which
the  Holder or any such  immediate  family  member is an  officer,  director  or
beneficial  shareholder  (determined  under  Rule  13d-3  under  the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act")).  The Conversion  Price shall
also be subject to equitable  adjustments  for stock  splits,  stock  dividends,
combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications and similar events. The Artera
and DMCI "Conversion  Price" shall be equal to the initial public offering price
of such stock and shall be subject to adjustment  as provided in Section  2.2(b)
hereof.

                                       2
<PAGE>


     (b) The Conversion  Price for NCT, Artera and DMCI shall also be subject to
equitable   adjustments  for  stock  splits,   stock  dividends,   combinations,
reclassifications and similar events.

     (c) Borrower shall promptly notify each Holder of any adjustment (and event
that  requires  adjustment)  to the  Conversion  Price of NCT,  Artera  and DMCI
pursuant to this Section 2.2.

     2.3 AUTHORIZED  SHARES.  The Borrower  covenants that during the period the
Conversion Right exists,  the Borrower will use its best efforts to reserve from
its  authorized  and  unissued  Common  Stock a  sufficient  number of shares to
provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon the full  conversion of this Note.
The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will be duly and validly
issued,  fully paid and  non-assessable.  The Borrower (i) acknowledges  that it
will  irrevocably  instruct its transfer  agent as soon as  practicable to issue
certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note and (ii)
agrees that its  issuance of this Note shall  constitute  full  authority to its
officers  and  agents,  who  are  charged  with  the  duty  of  executing  stock
certificates,  to execute  and issue the  necessary  certificates  for shares of
Common Stock upon the  conversion  of this Note.  In the event that a sufficient
number of shares cannot be reserved,  Borrower agrees to use its best efforts to
call an annual meeting of the Borrower's  shareholders  and seek approval for an
increase in the authorized  shares of the Borrower's Common Stock to a number of
shares sufficient to provide for the full conversion of this Note.

     2.4 METHOD OF  CONVERSION.  Except as  otherwise  provided  in this Note or
agreed to by the Holder,  this Note may be  converted  by the Holder in whole at
any time or in part (provided such partial  conversion is at least $50,000) from
time to time by (i) submitting to the Borrower a Conversion Notice (by facsimile
dispatched on the  Conversion  Date and confirmed by U.S. mail or overnight mail
service sent within two Trading Days thereafter) and (ii) surrendering this Note
with the mailed confirmation of the Conversion Notice at the principal office of
the Borrower.  Upon partial exercise of the conversion rights provided hereby, a
new Note containing the same date and provisions as this Note shall be issued by
the  Borrower to the Holder for the  principal  balance of this Note which shall
not have been converted.  This Note has been issued by the Borrower  pursuant to
the exemption from  registration  provided either by Section 4.2 or Regulation D
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act").

     2.5  RESTRICTIONS  ON SHARES.  The  shares of common  stock  issuable  upon
conversion  of this Note may not be sold or  transferred  unless  (i) they first
shall have been registered  under the Act and applicable  state securities laws,
(ii) the Borrower shall have been furnished with an opinion of legal counsel (in
form, substance and scope reasonably  acceptable to Borrower) to the effect that
such sale or transfer is exempt from the registration requirements of the Act or
(iii) they are sold  pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act.  Each  certificate  for
shares of common stock issuable upon  conversion of this Note that have not been
so registered  and that have not been sold pursuant to an exemption that permits
removal of the legend,  shall bear a legend substantially in the following form,
as appropriate:

       THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
       REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. THE
       SECURITIES  HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE
       SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE
       REGISTRATION   STATEMENT  FOR  THE   SECURITIES   UNDER  THE
       SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL
       IN FORM,  SUBSTANCE AND SCOPE  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE TO THE
       BORROWER THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR
       UNLESS SOLD  PURSUANT  TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT.

                                       3
<PAGE>


       ANY SUCH SALE,  ASSIGNMENT OR TRANSFER MUST ALSO COMPLY WITH
       APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

     Upon the request of a holder of a  certificate  representing  any shares of
common stock  issuable upon  conversion of this Note,  the Borrower shall remove
the  foregoing  legend  from  the  certificate  or  issue  to such  holder a new
certificate  therefor free of any transfer legend, if (i) with such request, the
Borrower  shall  have  received   either  an  opinion  of  counsel,   reasonably
satisfactory  to the Borrower in form,  substance and scope,  to the effect that
any such legend may be removed  from such  certificate,  or (ii) a  registration
statement under the Act covering such  securities is in effect.  Nothing in this
Note shall affect in any way the Holder's  obligations to comply with applicable
securities laws upon the resale of the securities referred to herein.

     Borrower agrees to use its best efforts to register with the Securities and
Exchange  Commission,  no later  than the end of the term of this  Note  (unless
legally  prohibited  from doing so), a number of shares of Common Stock equal to
the  principal  amount  of this  Note  outstanding  at the time of  registration
divided by the  Conversion  Price with  respect to  Borrower.  Such Common Stock
shall not be used, without permission from the Holder, for any other purposes.

     2.6 EFFECT OF MERGER, CONSOLIDATION,  ETC. If at any time when this Note is
issued and outstanding,  there shall be any merger,  consolidation,  exchange of
shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result of
which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a
different number of shares of another class or classes of stock or securities of
the Borrower or another  entity,  or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or
substantially  all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a
plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall
thereafter  have the right to receive  upon  conversion  of this Note,  upon the
bases and upon the  terms and  conditions  specified  herein  and in lieu of the
shares of Common Stock then issuable upon  conversion of this Note (assuming the
occurrence of the Amendments whether or not that has then occurred), such stock,
securities  or assets  which the Holder  would have been  entitled to receive in
such  transaction  had  this  Note  been  converted  immediately  prior  to such
transaction,  and in any such  case  appropriate  provisions  shall be made with
respect to the rights and  interests  of the Holder of this Note to the end that
the provisions hereof (including, without limitation,  provisions for adjustment
of the Conversion  Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of
this Note) shall  thereafter be  applicable,  as nearly as may be practicable in
relation to any securities or assets  thereafter  deliverable  upon the exercise
hereof. The Borrower shall not effect any transaction  described in this Section
2.6 unless the  resulting  successor or acquiring  entity (if not the  Borrower)
assumes by written  instrument  the  obligations of this Section 2.6. The Holder
will have the right if a merger or consolidation  occurs to force the payment in
full of this Note.

     2.7 CONVERSION  AFTER EVENT OF DEFAULT.  The Holder's right to convert this
Note into stock as  described  above shall apply even if an Event of Default (as
defined in Article III below) shall have occurred.

                                   ARTICLE III

                                EVENTS OF DEFAULT

     If of any of the following  events of default (each, an "Event of Default")
shall occur:

     3.1 FAILURE TO PAY PRINCIPAL OR INTEREST. The Borrower fails (i) to pay the
principal hereof when due, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or otherwise
or (ii) to pay any

                                       4
<PAGE>


installment  of  interest  hereon  when due and, in the case of this clause (ii)
only,  such failure  continues  for a period of five (5) days after the due date
thereof;

     3.2  CONVERSION.  The Borrower fails to issue shares of common stock to the
Holder  upon  exercise by the Holder of the  conversion  rights of the Holder in
accordance  with the terms of this Note,  and any such  failure  shall  continue
uncured for five (5) business  days after the Borrower  shall have been notified
thereof in writing by the Holder;

     3.3 BREACH OF  COVENANT.  The Borrower  breaches  any material  covenant or
other  material  term or  condition  of this Note  (other  than as  specifically
provided in Sections 3.1 and 3.2 hereof), and such breach continues for a period
of ten (10) business days after written  notice thereof to the Borrower from the
Holder;

     3.4  BREACH  OF  REPRESENTATIONS  AND  WARRANTIES.  Any  representation  or
warranty  of  the  Borrower  made  herein  or in  any  agreement,  statement  or
certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection  herewith shall be
false or  misleading  in any material  respect when made and the breach of which
would have a material  adverse  effect on the  Borrower or the  prospects of the
Borrower or a material  adverse effect on the Holder or the rights of the Holder
with respect to this Note or the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note;

     3.5  RECEIVER OR TRUSTEE.  The Borrower or any  subsidiary  of the Borrower
shall make an assignment  for the benefit of creditors,  or apply for or consent
to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial  part of
its  property or  business;  or such a receiver or trustee  shall  otherwise  be
appointed;

     3.6 JUDGMENTS. Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered
or filed  against the Borrower or any  subsidiary  of the Borrower or any of its
property or other assets for more than  $250,000,  and shall  remain  unvacated,
unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) days unless otherwise consented
to by the Holder;

     3.7  BANKRUPTCY.  Bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization  or  liquidation
proceedings or other  proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law
for the relief of debtors  shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any
subsidiary of the Borrower;

     3.8 MATERIAL LOSS OR THEFT.  Material loss or theft,  substantial damage or
destruction or unauthorized  sale or encumbrance of any material  portion of the
Collateral  (as defined in Article IV hereof) in excess of  reasonably  expected
recoveries under insurance policies, or the making of any levy on, or seizure or
attachment  of or  entry  of a  judgment  against  a  material  portion  of  the
Collateral; or

     3.9 REPORTS.  A material  omission or misstatement in any of the Borrower's
previously or hereafter filed reports  pursuant to the  requirements of the 1934
Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

     Then,  upon the  occurrence  and  during the  continuation  of any Event of
Default specified in Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 3.6, 3.8 or 3.9 hereof, at the
option of the Holder  hereof,  and upon the  occurrence  of any event of default
specified in Sections 3.5 or 3.7 hereof,  the Borrower  shall pay to the Holder,
in  satisfaction of its obligation to pay the  outstanding  principal  amount of
this Note and accrued and unpaid interest thereon, an amount equal to the sum of
(i) the  product  of (x) the then  outstanding  principal  amount  of this  Note
multiplied  by (y) 110% plus (ii)  accrued  and  unpaid  interest  on the unpaid
principal amount of this Note to the date of payment (the "Default  Amount") and
such Default Amount, together with all other ancillary amounts payable hereunder
shall  immediately  become due and payable,

                                       5
<PAGE>


all without  demand,  presentment  or notice,  all of which hereby are expressly
waived, together with all costs, including,  without limitation,  legal fees and
expenses of  collection,  and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other
rights and remedies available at law or in equity.

     If the Borrower  fails to pay the Default  Amount  within five (5) business
days of written  notice  that such  amount is due and  payable,  then the Holder
shall have the right at any time, so long as the Borrower remains in default, to
require the Borrower,  upon written notice,  to immediately issue (in accordance
with the terms of Article II hereof),  in lieu of the Default Amount, the number
of shares of Common Stock of the Borrower equal to the Default Amount divided by
the Conversion Price then in effect.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                                   COLLATERAL

     Borrower  hereby  grants to Holder a security  interest  in all  inventory,
machinery,  equipment,  stocks, bonds, notes, accounts receivable, any rights or
claims that they may have against any other  person,  firm, or  corporation  for
monies, choses in action, any bank accounts, checking accounts,  certificates of
deposit or any financial instrument, patents and intellectual property rights or
any  other  assets  owned  by  Borrower  as of the  date of this  agreement,  or
hereafter acquired.

     Borrower hereby represents that none of the collateral encumbered hereunder
has been sold or  assigned  since the  original  promissory  note of Borrower to
Holder  of  January  26,  1999 and that the lien of the  holder  of this note is
uninterrupted  from January 26, 1999 and shall  continue until this note is paid
or otherwise disposed of in accordance with its terms and conditions.

     All  collateral  rights in  intellectual  property is  subordinated  to the
Borrower's current licenses and future licenses  provided,  that with respect to
future  licenses,  the consent of the Holder must be obtained,  but such consent
will not be unreasonably  withheld.  The patents and intellectual property which
are licensed under the cross license  agreement dated September 27, 1997,  among
NXT plc, New Transducers Limited, being related companies,  the Borrower and NCT
Audio Products,  Inc. (or any successor  agreements) are  specifically  excluded
from the collateral.  There are approximately 20 pieces of intellectual property
in which,  under the cross license  agreement,  Borrower may not, and hence does
not herein, grant a security interest.  In addition,  all agreements between NCT
Audio  Products,  Inc. and the Borrower that relate to such  agreement,  and the
stock of NCT Audio  Products,  Inc.  owned by the Borrower,  shall  similarly be
excluded from the security interest granted in this Note.

     If Borrower does not pay the debt or other obligations under this Note when
due, the  collateral may be sold in order to pay such debt and  obligations,  or
same may be transferred  to the name of the Holder,  as Holder in her discretion
decides.  Holder may inspect the  collateral at all reasonable  times.  Borrower
further agrees that it will do anything reasonably  requested by Holder in order
to make Holder's security interest in the collateral legally effective including
the execution of a UCC-1.

                                    ARTICLE V

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 FAILURE OR  INDULGENCY  NOT  WAIVER.  No failure or delay on the part of the
Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege  hereunder shall operate
as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power,
right or privilege  preclude other or further  exercise  thereof or

                                       6
<PAGE>


of any other  right,  power or  privilege.  All  rights  and  remedies  existing
hereunder  are  cumulative  to, and not  exclusive  of,  any rights or  remedies
otherwise available.

5.2 NOTICES.  Notices,  demands and other  communications  given under this Note
shall be in writing  and shall be deemed to have been given when  delivered  (if
personally  delivered),  on the  scheduled  date of delivery (if  delivered  via
commercial  courier),  three  days  after  mailed  (if  mailed by  certified  or
registered mail, return receipt requested) or when sent by facsimile (if sent by
facsimile  with  evidence of  successful  transmission  retained by the sender);
provided, however, that failure to give proper and timely notice as set forth in
the "with a copy to" provisions below shall not invalidate a notice properly and
timely given to the associated party. Unless another address or facsimile number
is specified by notice hereunder, all notices shall be sent as follows:

If to the Holder:                            with a copy to:
- ----------------                             --------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ms. Carole Salkind                           Peter Rosen, Esq.
18911 Collins Ave., Apt. 2403                Rosen & Avigliano
Sunny Isles Beach, FL 33160                  431 Route 10 East
                                             Randolph, NJ  07689
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Facsimile:  305-932-2425                     Facsimile:  973-361-1644
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If to the Borrower:                          with a copy to:
- ------------------                           --------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NCT Group, Inc.                              NCT Group, Inc.
20 Ketchum Street                            20 Ketchum Street
Westport, CT  06880                          Westport, CT  06880
Attention:  Chief Financial Officer          Attention:  General Counsel
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Facsimile:  203-226-4338                     Facsimile:  203-226-4338
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     5.3 AMENDMENT  PROVISION.  This Note and any  provision  hereof may only be
amended by an instrument in writing  signed by the Borrower and the Holder.  The
term "Note" and all references  thereto,  as used  throughout  this  instrument,
shall  mean this  instrument  as  originally  executed,  or if later  amended or
supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented.

     5.4  ASSIGNABILITY.  This Note shall be binding  upon the  Borrower and its
successors  and  assigns and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER, that so long as no Event of Default
has occurred,  this Note shall only be transferable in whole or in increments of
$100,000 to "Accredited Investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Act).

     5.5 COST OF COLLECTION. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the
Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection,  including  reasonable
attorneys' fees.

     5.6  GOVERNING  LAW AND  JURISDICTION.  This Note shall be  governed by the
internal  laws of the State of  Delaware,  without  regard to  conflicts of laws
principles.  The parties hereto hereby submit to the exclusive  jurisdiction  of
the United States Federal Courts located in the state of New Jersey with respect
to any dispute arising under this Note.

     5.7 DAMAGES SHARES.  The shares of Common Stock that may be issuable to the
Holder  pursuant to Article III hereof  ("Damages  Shares")  shall be treated as
Common Stock issuable upon  conversion of this Note for all purposes  hereof and
shall be subject to all of the limitations and afforded all of the rights of the
other shares of Common Stock  issuable  hereunder.  For purposes of  calculating

                                       7
<PAGE>


interest payable on the outstanding principal amount hereof, amounts convertible
into Damages  Shares  ("Damages  Amounts")  shall not bear  interest but must be
converted  prior to the conversion of any outstanding  principal  amount hereof,
until the outstanding  Damages Amount is zero. Damaged Shares can only be issued
after Borrower has received the written notice that the Holder wishes to receive
such shares.

     5.8  DENOMINATIONS.  At the request of the Holder,  upon  surrender of this
Note, the Borrower  shall promptly issue new Notes in the aggregate  outstanding
principal amount hereof, in the form hereof,  in such  denominations of at least
$50,000 as the Holder shall request.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name
by its duly authorized officer as of the date first written above.



                                          NCT GROUP, INC.


                                          By:  /s/  Michael J. Parrella
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Michael J. Parrella
                                              Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

                                       8
<PAGE>


                                                                       EXHIBIT 1
                                                                       ---------


                NOTICE OF CONVERSION OF SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE

TO:  NCT Group, Inc.

     (1) Pursuant to the terms of the  attached  Secured  Convertible  Note (the
"Note"),  the undersigned hereby elects to convert $________ principal amount of
the Note into shares of common stock of:

    _____  NCT Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation

    _____  Distributed Media Corporation International Limited, a UK corporation

    _____  Artera (UK) Limited, a UK corporation

    _____  Other public subsidiary (identify: ________________________________)1

Capitalized  terms  used  herein  and not  otherwise  defined  herein  have  the
respective meanings provided in the Note.

     (2) Please issue a certificate or certificates  for the number of shares of
common stock into which such principal  amount of the Note is convertible in the
name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary,  on an
attachment hereto:

Name:               Carole Salkind       Name:
                    ----------------                         -------------------

Address:                                 Address:
                    ----------------                         -------------------

SS or Tax ID Number:                     SS or Tax ID Number:
                    ----------------                         -------------------

     (3) In the event of partial  exercise,  please reissue an appropriate  Note
for the principal balance which shall not have been converted.

     (4) If the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Note have
not been  registered  under the  Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act"),
the undersigned represents and warrants that (i) such shares of common stock are
being acquired for the account of the undersigned for investment, and not with a
present view to, or for resale in connection with, the distribution thereof, and
that the undersigned has no present  intention of distributing or reselling such
securities,  in each case, other than pursuant to a registration statement under
the Act and (ii) the  undersigned  is an  "Accredited  Investor"  as  defined in
Regulation  D under  the  Act.  The  undersigned  further  agrees  that (A) such
securities  shall not be sold or transferred  unless either (i) they first shall
have been registered  under the Act and applicable state securities laws or (ii)
the Borrower first shall have been furnished with either (x) an opinion of legal
counsel (in form,  substance and scope  reasonably  satisfactory to Borrower) to
the  effect  that  such  sale  or  transfer  is  exempt  from  the  registration
requirements of the Act or (y) satisfactory representations from the undersigned
that the undersigned may immediately  sell all of such securities (to the extent
such  securities  are deemed to have been acquired on the same date) pursuant to
Rule 144 under the Act (or a successor thereto) and (B) the Borrower may place a
legend on the certificate(s) for such securities to that effect and place a stop
transfer restriction in its records relating to such securities.


Date -----------------                  ----------------------------------------
                                        Signature of Registered Holder
                                        (must be signed exactly as name  appears
                                        in the Note.  The  signature  must  be
                                        guaranteed  by a member  firm of the
                                        New York Stock Exchange or the  National
                                        Association of Securities  Dealers or by
                                        a commercial  bank or trust having an
                                        office in the United States)


- ----------------------
1 May not be Pro Tech Communications, Inc.

                                       9


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
