
                                                                    Exhibit 99.2

                           CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION

                                       OF

                          THE SERIES D PREFERRED STOCK

                                       OF

                       ADVANCE DISPLAY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                      (Pursuant to Section 7-106-102 of the
                           Colorado Revised Statutes)


                      ------------------------------------


         Advance Display Technologies, Inc., a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the State of Colorado (the "Company"), hereby
certifies that, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors of
the Company (the "Board") by the Articles of Incorporation of the Company (the
"Articles of Incorporation"), as amended, the following resolution was adopted
as of November 25, 2003 by the Board pursuant to Section 7-106-102 of the
Colorado Revised Statutes:

         RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority granted to and vested in the
Board in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation, as
amended, there shall be created a series of Preferred Stock, $.001 par value,
which series shall have the following designations and number thereof, powers,
preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions:

         1. Designation and Number of Shares. There shall hereby be created and
established a series of Preferred Stock designated as "Series D Preferred Stock"
(the "Series D Preferred Stock"). The authorized number of shares of Series D
Preferred Stock shall be 60,000,000.

         2. Conversion.

         (a) Right to Convert. Each share of Series D Preferred Stock shall be
convertible into a number of shares of common stock, par value $.001 per share
(the "Common Stock"), of the Company equal to the applicable Liquidation Amount
(as defined in Section 5 herein) divided by the then applicable Conversion Price
(as defined herein), at any time, or from time to time, at the election of the
holder.

         (b) Effecting a Conversion. The holder shall effect a Conversion by
surrendering to the Company the certificate or certificates representing the
shares of Series D Preferred Stock to be converted, together with written notice
of its election to convert and specifying the name or names (with address) in
which a certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued
(a "Shareholder Conversion Notice"). Each Shareholder Conversion Notice shall
specify the number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock to be converted and the
date on which such conversion is to be effected, which date may be neither prior
to, nor more than ten days after, the date the holder delivers such Shareholder
Conversion Notice. If no conversion date is specified in a Shareholder
Conversion Notice, the conversion date shall be the date that the Shareholder
Conversion Notice is delivered to the Company. Each Shareholder Conversion
Notice, once given, shall be irrevocable. A holder of Series D Preferred Stock


<PAGE>

may only convert shares of Series D Preferred Stock in blocks equal to the
lesser of (i) the number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock convertible into
100 shares of Common Stock and (ii) all shares of Series D Preferred Stock then
held by the holder. All fractional shares resulting from the conversion of the
Series D Preferred Stock shall be rounded up to the next highest whole share.
All certificates representing shares of Series D Preferred Stock surrendered for
conversion shall be delivered to the Company for cancellation and canceled by
it. As promptly as practicable (but no more than three business days) after the
surrender of any shares of Series D Preferred Stock, the Company shall (subject
to compliance with the applicable provisions of federal and state securities
laws) deliver to the holder of such shares so surrendered certificate(s)
representing the number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock
into which such shares are entitled to be converted (and a certificate for
shares of Series D Preferred Stock if the holder is converting less than all
shares of Series D Preferred Stock represented by the certificate or
certificates tendered in connection with the applicable Conversion). Upon any
Conversion, accrued and unpaid dividends shall be paid in cash, to the extent
funds are legally available therefor.

         (c) Conversion Price. The initial conversion price per share of the
Series D Preferred Stock (the "Conversion Price") shall be equal to $.0167 per
share of Common Stock into which such number of shares of Series D Preferred
Stock is convertible, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3.

         (d) Reservation of Shares. The Company covenants that it will at all
times reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued Common Stock
solely for the purpose of issuance upon conversion of Series D Preferred Stock,
as herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent
purchase rights of persons other than the holders of Series D Preferred Stock,
not less than such number of shares of Common Stock as shall be issuable upon
the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock. The
Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable
shall, upon issue, be duly and validly authorized, issued and fully paid,
nonassessable and freely tradable. If at any time the number of authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion
of all then outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock, in addition to such
other remedies as shall be available to the holders of such Series D Preferred
Stock, the Company will take such corporate action necessary to increase its
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall
be sufficient for such purposes.

         (e) Issue Taxes. The Company shall pay all issue taxes, if any,
incurred in respect of the issue of shares of Common Stock on conversion. If a
holder of shares of Series D Preferred Stock specifies that the shares of Common
Stock to be issued in a Conversion are to be issued in a name or names other
than the name or names in which such Series D Preferred Stock stand, then the
Company shall not be required to pay any additional transfer or other taxes
incurred by reason of the issuance of such shares of Common Stock to the name of
another, and if the appropriate transfer taxes shall not have been paid to the
Company or the transfer agent for the Series D Preferred Stock at the time of
Conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock, the shares of Common Stock issued
upon conversion thereof may be registered in the name or names in which the
Series D Preferred Stock were registered, despite the instructions to the
contrary.


<PAGE>

         3. Adjustment of Conversion Price. The number and kind of securities
issuable upon the conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock and the Conversion
Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the
following provisions:

         (a) Subdivision or Combination of Shares. In the event that the Company
shall at any time or from time to time, prior to conversion of shares of Series
D Preferred Stock, (x) subdivide the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
larger number of shares or (y) combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock
into a smaller number of shares, then, and in each such case, the Conversion
Price in effect immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted (and any other
appropriate actions shall be taken by the Company) so that the holder of any
share of Series D Preferred Stock thereafter surrendered for conversion shall be
entitled to receive the number of shares of Common Stock or other securities of
the Company that such holder would have owned or would have been entitled to
receive upon or by reason of any of the events described above, had such share
of Series D Preferred Stock been converted immediately prior to the occurrence
of such event. An adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become
effective retroactively in the case of any such subdivision or combination, to
the close of business on the day upon which such corporate action becomes
effective.

         (b) Stock Dividends. In case additional shares of Common Stock are
issued as a dividend or other distribution on the Common Stock (or such dividend
is declared), the Conversion Price shall be reduced, as of the date a record is
taken of the holders of Common Stock for the purpose of receiving such dividend
or other distribution (or if no such record is taken, as at the earliest of the
date of such declaration, payment or other distribution), to the Conversion
Price determined by multiplying the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior
to such declaration, payment or other distribution by a fraction (i) the
numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to the declaration or payment of such dividend or other
distribution, and (ii) the denominator of which shall be the total number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the declaration or payment
of such dividend or other distribution. In the event that the Company shall
declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in any right to acquire
Common Stock for no consideration, then the Company shall be deemed to have made
a dividend payable in Common Stock in an amount of shares equal to the maximum
number of shares issuable upon exercise of such rights to acquire Common Stock.

         (c) Recapitalization or Reclassification of Common Stock. In case of
any (i) capital reorganization or any reclassification (other than a change in
par value) of the capital stock of the Company, or (ii) exchange or conversion
of the Common Stock for or into securities of another corporation or other
entity, or (iii) consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other
person (other than a merger which does not result in any reclassification,
conversion, exchange or cancellation of outstanding shares of Common Stock) or
(iv) sale, lease or other conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Company, then in each instance referred to in the preceding clauses (i)
through (iv), the Board and the entity formed by such consolidation or resulting
from such capital reorganization, reclassification or merger or which acquires
(by sale, lease or other conveyance) such assets, as the case may be, shall make
provision (including upon the election of the holder of Series D Preferred Stock
pursuant to Section 5 below) such that the Series D Preferred Stock shall
thereafter be convertible for the kind and amount of shares of stock, other
securities, cash and other property receivable upon such capital reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, lease or other conveyance, as the
case may be, by a holder of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares
of Common Stock underlying the Series D Preferred Stock issuable upon the
conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock immediately prior to the effective
date of such capital reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation,
sale, lease or other conveyance and, in each instance referred to in the
preceding clauses (i) through (iv) (each, a "Transaction"), appropriate
adjustment (as reasonably determined in good faith by the Board) shall be made
in the application of the provisions herein set forth with respect to rights and
interests thereafter of the holder of the Series D Preferred Stock, to the end
that the provisions set forth herein (including the specified changes in and
other adjustments of the number of shares underlying the Series D Preferred
Stock) shall thereafter be applicable, as near as reasonably may be, in relation
to any such shares of stock or other securities or other property thereafter
deliverable upon conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock. The Company shall
not enter into any Transaction unless effective provision shall be made so as to
give effect to the provisions set forth in this subsection (c).


<PAGE>

         The Company shall not effect any transaction described in this
subsection 3(c) unless (i) it first gives, to the extent practical, twenty (20)
days' prior written notice (but in any event at least ten (10) days prior
written notice) of such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares,
recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets
(during which time the holders of Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
convert some or all of their shares of Series D Preferred Stock) and (ii) the
resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Company) assumes by written
instrument the obligations of this subsection 3(c). The provisions of this
subsection 3(c) shall similarly apply to successive consolidations,
reorganizations, reclassifications, exchanges, conversions, mergers, sales,
leases and other conveyances.

         (d) Other Provisions Applicable to Adjustment Under this Section 3. The
following provisions shall be applicable to the adjustments in the Conversion
Price as provided in this Section 3.

                  (i) Treasury Shares. The number of shares of Common Stock at
         any time outstanding shall not include any shares thereof then directly
         or indirectly owned or held by or for the account of the Company.

                  (ii) Other Action Affecting Common Stock. If the Company shall
         take any action affecting the outstanding number of shares of Common
         Stock other than an action described in any of the foregoing
         subsections 3(a) through 3(c) hereof, inclusive, which would have an
         inequitable effect on the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock, then
         the Conversion Price shall be adjusted in such manner and at such times
         as the Board on the advice of the Company's independent public
         accountants may in good faith determine to be equitable in the
         circumstances.

                  (iii) Minimum Adjustment. No adjustment of the Conversion
         Price shall be made if the amount of any such adjustment would be an
         amount less than one percent (1%) of the Conversion Price then in
         effect, but any such amount shall be carried forward and an adjustment
         in respect thereof shall be made at the time of and together with any
         subsequent adjustment which, together with such amount and any other
         amount or amounts so carried forward, shall aggregate an increase or
         decrease of one percent (1%) or more.

                  (iv) Certain Adjustments. The Conversion Price shall not be
         adjusted upward except in the event of a combination of the outstanding
         shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of Common Stock.


<PAGE>

         (e) No Impairment. The Company will not, by amendment of its Articles
of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other
voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of
the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Company but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of Section
3 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in
order to protect the conversion rights of the holders of the Series D Preferred
Stock against impairment.

         (f) Notices of Adjustments. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted
as herein provided, the Chief Financial Officer (or other senior executive
officer in the absence of such person) of the Company shall, in good faith,
compute the adjusted Conversion Price in accordance with the foregoing
provisions and shall prepare a written certificate setting forth such adjusted
Conversion Price and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment is
based, and such written instrument shall promptly be delivered to each record
holder of the Series D Preferred Stock.

         4. Ranking.

         The Series D Preferred Stock shall rank, as to dividends, rights upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, senior and prior to (i) the Common Stock
and (ii) the Series E Preferred Stock and the Series F Preferred Stock. Future
issuances of preferred stock may be on a parity with, but may not be senior to,
the Series D Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, rights upon liquidation,
dissolution, winding up or otherwise, provided, however, that one or more future
issuances of preferred stock which provides for greater rights for such
preferred stock with respect to dividends, rights upon liquidation, dissolution,
winding up or otherwise but only to the extent that the greater amount of such
preferential right is directly proportional to, and reflective of, a higher cash
purchase price paid by the purchasers of such additional preferred stock (after
accounting for conversion ratios, stock splits, stock dividends,
recapitalizations and similar transactions), shall be considered to be in parity
with, and not senior to, the Series D Preferred Stock for purposes hereof. All
equity securities of the Company to which the Series D Preferred Stock ranks
senior to, whether with respect to dividends, rights upon liquidation,
dissolution, winding up or otherwise, including the Common Stock, are
collectively referred to herein as "Junior Securities," all equity securities of
the Company to which the Series D Preferred Stock ranks on a parity with, if
any, whether with respect to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution, winding
up or otherwise, are collectively referred to herein as "Parity Securities" and
all equity securities of the Company to which the Series D Preferred Stock ranks
junior, if any, whether with respect to dividends or upon liquidation,
dissolution, winding up or otherwise are collectively referred to herein as
"Senior Securities").

         5. Liquidation Rights.

         (a) Liquidation Preference. Upon a voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, under applicable bankruptcy or reorganization laws, or dissolution
or winding up of the Company (each, but excluding Deemed Liquidations as defined
in subsection (c), below, a "Liquidation"), before any distribution of assets
shall be made to the holders of Junior Securities, the holder of each share of
Series D Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be paid out of the assets of the
Company legally available for distribution to its shareholders (the "Available
Assets") an amount per share equal to the "Liquidation Amount." For purposes of

<PAGE>

a Liquidation other than a Deemed Liquidation, the Liquidation Amount shall mean
the original issue price per share of the Series D Preferred Stock ($.0167, as
adjusted for stock splits, dividends, combinations or other recapitalization of
the Series D Preferred Stock) including any accrued but unpaid dividends on such
share (the "Liquidation Preference"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the
distribution to be made to the holders of Series D Preferred Stock would be
greater than the Liquidation Preference if such shares of Series D Preferred
Stock were deemed to be converted into shares of Common Stock, then rather than
receiving the Liquidation Preference, the holders of Series D Preferred Stock
shall be paid pro rata with the holders of Common Stock (as if their shares had
been converted into Common Stock pursuant to Section 2 above immediately prior
to the Liquidation). If the Available Assets are insufficient to pay the holders
of Series D Preferred Stock the full amount of the Liquidation Amount, the
holders of Series D Preferred Stock will share ratably in the distribution of
the Available Assets in proportion to the respective amounts that would
otherwise be payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such
distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to such shares were paid
in full.

         (b) Priority. Upon the completion of the distribution required by
Section 5(a), and any other distribution to any other class or series of Senior
Securities, if assets remain in the Company, the remaining assets of the Company
available for distribution to shareholders shall be distributed among the
holders of Junior Securities that are entitled to a participating payment.

         (c) Deemed Liquidation. For the purposes of this Section 5, the
following shall be deemed to be a Liquidation (a "Deemed Liquidation"): (i) the
merger, reorganization or consolidation of the Company into or with another
corporation or other similar transaction or series of related transactions in
which more than 50% of the voting power of the Company is disposed of or in
which the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such merger,
reorganization or consolidation own less than 50% of the Company's voting power
immediately after or (ii) the sale of all or substantially all the assets of the
Company. If the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series D
Preferred Stock, acting together as a single class, elect to waive application
of this subsection (c) by giving written notice thereof to the Company, such
event will not be a "Deemed Liquidation." Upon a Deemed Liquidation, holders of
Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive the greater of (i) the
Liquidation Preference or (ii) the cash and/or the value of the property, rights
or securities distributed to such holders by the acquiring person, firm or other
entity pro rata based on the number of shares of the Common Stock held by each
(as if their shares had been converted into Common Stock pursuant to Section 2
above immediately prior to the Deemed Liquidation). The value of such property,
rights or other securities shall be determined in good faith by the Board.

         (d) Notice. The Company will send a written notice of a Liquidation to
the holders of record of the Series D Preferred Stock, stating a payment date,
the Liquidation Amount and the place where the Liquidation Amount will be paid,
using any of the following delivery methods: (i) in person; (ii) mailed by
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; (iii) sent by national
courier; or (iv) sent by telecopier, not less than 25 days prior to the payment
date stated therein. The notice will be addressed to each holder at its address
as shown by the records of the Company.

         6. Dividends.

         Subject to the prior rights of holders of any class of stock at the
time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Series
D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the
Board of Directors, out of any assets of the Corporation legally available
therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the Board of
Directors, in parity with the holders of Common Stock.


<PAGE>

         7. Voting Rights.

         Each holder of outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock is
entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of Common
Stock into which the shares of Series D Preferred Stock held of record by such
holder are convertible at each meeting of shareholders of the Company (and
written actions of shareholders in lieu of meetings) with respect to any and all
matters presented to the shareholders of the Company for their action or
consideration. Except as provided by law and by the provisions of Section 9
below, the holders of shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall vote together
with the holders of Common Stock as a single class.

         The Company shall provide each holder of Series D Preferred Stock with
prior written notification of any meeting of the shareholders (and copies of
proxy materials and other information sent to shareholders). In the event of any
undertaking by the Company of a record of its shareholders for the purpose of
determining shareholders who are entitled to receive payment of any dividend or
other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire
(including by way of merger, consolidation or recapitalization) any share of any
class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, or for
the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to vote in connection
with any proposed sale, lease or conveyance of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Company, or any proposed liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Company, the Company shall mail a notice to each holder, at least ten (10)
days prior to the record date specified therein (or twenty (20) days prior to
the consummation of any transaction or event, whichever is earlier), of the date
on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distribution, right or other event, and a brief statement regarding the amount
and character of such dividend, distribution, right or other event to the extent
known at such time.

         To the extent that, under the Colorado Business Corporation Act, Colo.
Rev. Stat. ss. 7-1-101, or any successor act, statute or law (the "CBCA") the
vote of the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock, voting separately as a
class or Series as applicable, is required to authorize a given action of the
Company, the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least a majority
of the shares of the Series D Preferred Stock represented at a duly held meeting
at which a quorum is present or by written consent of holders of all the shares
of Series D Preferred Stock (except as otherwise may be required under the CBCA)
shall constitute the approval of such action by the class. To the extent that,
under the CBCA, holders of the Series D Preferred Stock are entitled to vote on
a matter with holders of Common Stock, voting together as one class, each share
of Series D Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to cast that a
number of votes per share as is equal to the number of shares of Common Stock
into which it is then convertible using the record date for determining the
shareholders of the Company eligible to vote on such matters as the date as of
which the Conversion Price is calculated. Holders of the Series D Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to written notice of all shareholder meetings or written
consents (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to
shareholders) with respect to which they would be entitled by vote, which notice
would be provided pursuant to the Company's bylaws and the CBCA).

         8. No Reissuance of Series D Preferred Stock.

         No share or shares of Series D Preferred Stock acquired by the Company
by reason of redemption, purchase, conversion or otherwise shall be reissued,
and all such shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall be cancelled, retired and
eliminated from the shares of Series D Preferred Stock which the Company shall
be authorized to issue. Any such shares of Series D Preferred Stock acquired by
the Company shall have the status of authorized and unissued shares of Preferred
Stock issuable in undesignated Series and may be redesignated and reissued in
any series other than as Series D Preferred Stock.


<PAGE>

         9. Registered Holders.

         A holder of Series D Preferred Stock registered on the Company's stock
transfer books as the owner of shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall be
treated as the owner of such shares for all purposes. All notices and all
payments required to be mailed to a holder of shares of Series D Preferred Stock
shall be mailed to such holder's registered address on the Company's stock
transfer books, and all dividends and redemption payments to a holder of Series
D Preferred Stock made hereunder shall be deemed to be paid in compliance hereof
on the date such payments are deposited into the mail addressed to such holder
at his registered address on the Company's stock transfer books.

         The name and address of the individual who caused this Certificate of
Designation to be delivered for filing is: Matthew W. Shankle, 7334 South Alton
Way, Building 14, Suite F, Englewood, Colorado 80112.


<PAGE>

                           CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION
                                       OF

                          THE SERIES E PREFERRED STOCK

                                       OF

                       ADVANCE DISPLAY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                      (Pursuant to Section 7-106-102 of the
                           Colorado Revised Statutes)


                      ------------------------------------


         Advance Display Technologies, Inc., a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the State of Colorado (the "Company"), hereby
certifies that, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors of
the Company (the "Board") by the Articles of Incorporation of the Company (the
"Articles of Incorporation"), as amended, the following resolution was adopted
as of November 24, 2003 by the Board pursuant to Section 7-106-102 of the
Colorado Revised Statutes:

         RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority granted to and vested in the
Board in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation, as
amended, there shall be created a series of Preferred Stock, $.001 par value,
which series shall have the following designations and number thereof, powers,
preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions:

         1. Designation and Number of Shares. There shall hereby be created and
established a series of Preferred Stock designated as "Series E Preferred Stock"
(the "Series E Preferred Stock"). The authorized number of shares of Series E
Preferred Stock shall be 1,008,985 (the "Shares").

         2. Conversion. The Series E Preferred Stock shall not be convertible
into any other security of the Company.

         3. Redemptions.

              (a) Redemptions. The Company may, but shall not be obligated to,
redeem all or a portion of the then outstanding Shares at any time beginning on
November 26, 2006. The date of any redemption shall be referred to herein as the
"Redemption Date." (the "Redemption Date")

              (b) Redemption Price. For each Share which is to be redeemed, the
Company will be obligated on the Redemption Date to pay to the holder thereof
(upon surrender by such holder at the Company's principal office of the
certificate representing such Share) an amount in immediately available funds
(the "Redemption Price") equal to the original issue price per share of the
Series E Preferred Stock, initially $1.00, but which may be adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, combinations or other recapitalization of the Series E
Preferred Stock, plus the amount of any accrued but unpaid dividends on such
Shares.


<PAGE>

              (c) Notice of Redemption. The Corporation will mail written notice
of each redemption to each record holder not less than 30 days prior to the date
on which such redemption is to be made. In case fewer than the total number of
Shares represented by any certificate are redeemed, a new certificate
representing the number of unredeemed Shares will be issued to the holder
thereof without cost to such holder promptly after surrender of the certificate
representing the redeemed Shares.

              (d) Rights After Redemption Date. No Share is entitled to any
dividends declared after its Redemption Date. On such date, all rights of the
holder of such Share will cease and such Share will not be deemed to be
outstanding.

         4. Ranking. The Series E Preferred Stock shall rank, as to dividends,
rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, senior and prior to the
Common Stock and the Series F Preferred Stock except as otherwise approved by
the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of shares of Series E Preferred
Stock. All equity securities of the Company to which the Series E Preferred
Stock ranks senior to, whether with respect to dividends, rights upon
liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise, including the Series F
Preferred Stock and the Common Stock, are collectively referred to herein as
"Junior Securities." All equity securities of the Company to which the Series E
Preferred Stock ranks on a parity with, if any, whether with respect to
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise, are
collectively referred to herein as "Parity Securities." All equity securities of
the Company to which the Series E Preferred Stock ranks junior, whether with
respect dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise
including the Series D Preferred Stock are collectively referred to herein as
"Senior Securities".

         5. Liquidation Rights.

              (a) Liquidation Preference. Upon a voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, under applicable bankruptcy or reorganization laws, or dissolution
or winding up of the Company (each, a "Liquidation"), before any distribution of
assets shall be made to the holders of Junior Securities, the holder of each
share of Series E Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be paid out of the
assets of the Company legally available for distribution to its stockholders
(the "Available Assets") an amount per share equal to the "Liquidation Amount."
The Liquidation Amount shall mean the original issue price per share of the
Series E Preferred Stock, initially $1.00, but as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, combinations or other recapitalization of the Series E
Preferred Stock, including any accrued but unpaid dividends on such share (the
"Liquidation Preference").

              (b) Priority. The holders of Senior Securities, if any, shall be
paid the amount of their senior liquidation preference, if any, before any
payment to the holders of Series E Preferred Stock. Upon full satisfaction of
the liquidation preference to the holders of Senior Securities, the holders of
Series E Preferred Stock and any Parity Securities shall be paid the Available
Assets in accordance with their aggregate Liquidation Amounts. If the Available
Assets are insufficient to pay the holders of Series E Preferred Stock the full
amount of the Liquidation Amount, the holders of Series E Preferred Stock will
share ratably in the distribution of the Available Assets in proportion to the
respective amounts that would otherwise be payable in respect of the Shares held
by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to such
Shares were paid in full. Upon full satisfaction of the liquidation preference
to the holders of Senior Securities and the Series E Preferred Stock, the
remaining assets of the Company available for distribution to shareholders shall
be distributed among the holders of Junior Securities that are entitled to such
payment.

                                       2
<PAGE>

              (c) Notice. The Company will send a written notice of a
Liquidation to the holders of record of the Series E Preferred Stock, stating a
payment date, the Liquidation Amount and the place where the Liquidation Amount
will be paid, using any of the following delivery methods: (i) in person; (ii)
mailed by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; (iii) sent by
national courier; or (iv) sent by telecopier, not less than 5 days prior to the
payment date stated therein. The notice will be addressed to each holder at its
address as shown by the records of the Company.

         6. Dividends.

         The holders of outstanding Series E Preferred Stock on December 31st of
each year shall be entitled to receive cumulative dividends, which dividends
shall accrue, whether or not declared by the Board of Directors, annually on the
31st day of December of each year. The dividend shall accrue at a rate of 5% of
the initial Liquidation Preference per share of Series E Preferred Stock. All
accrued and unpaid dividends shall be paid only upon a Liquidation or Redemption
of Series E Preferred Stock as provided elsewhere in this Certificate. Dividends
shall begin to accrue on the Series E Preferred Stock as of December 31, 2003.
Any unpaid dividends shall not bear interest.

         7. Voting Rights. The holders of Series E Preferred Stock shall not be
entitled to any voting rights other than those required by law. To the extent
that, under the Colorado Business Corporation Act, Colo. Rev. Stat. ss. 7-1-101,
or any successor act, statute or law (the "CBCA") the vote of the holders of the
Series E Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class or Series as applicable,
is required to authorize a given action of the Company, the affirmative vote or
consent of the holders of at least a majority of the shares of the Series E
Preferred Stock represented at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is present
or by written consent of holders of all of the shares of Series E Preferred
Stock (except as otherwise may be required under the CBCA) shall constitute the
approval of such action by the class. Holders of the Series E Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to written notice of all stockholder meetings or written
consents (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to
stockholders) with respect to which they would be entitled by vote, which notice
would be provided pursuant to the Company's bylaws and the CBCA.

         8. No Reissuance of Series E Preferred Stock.

         No share or shares of Series E Preferred Stock acquired by the Company
by reason of redemption, purchase, or otherwise shall be reissued, and all such
shares of Series E Preferred Stock shall be cancelled, retired and eliminated
from the shares of Series E Preferred Stock which the Company shall be
authorized to issue. Any such shares of Series E Preferred Stock acquired by the
Company shall have the status of authorized and unissued shares of Preferred
Stock issuable in undesignated Series and may be redesignated and reissued in
any series other than as Series E Preferred Stock.

                                       3
<PAGE>

         9. Registered Holders.

         A holder of Series E Preferred Stock registered on the Company's stock
transfer books as the owner of shares of Series E Preferred Stock shall be
treated as the owner of such shares for all purposes. All notices and all
payments required to be mailed to a holder of shares of Series E Preferred Stock
shall be mailed to such holder's registered address on the Company's stock
transfer books, and all dividends and redemption payments to a holder of Series
E Preferred Stock made hereunder shall be deemed to be paid in compliance hereof
on the date such payments are deposited into the mail addressed to such holder
at his registered address on the Company's stock transfer books.

         The name and address of the individual who caused this Certificate of
Designation to be delivered for filing is: Matthew W. Shankle, 7334 South Alton
Way, Building 14, Suite F, Englewood, Colorado 80112.



                                       4
<PAGE>

                           CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION
                                       OF

                          THE SERIES F PREFERRED STOCK

                                       OF

                       ADVANCE DISPLAY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                      (Pursuant to Section 7-106-102 of the
                           Colorado Revised Statutes)


                      ------------------------------------


         Advance Display Technologies, Inc., a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the State of Colorado (the "Company"), hereby
certifies that, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors of
the Company (the "Board") by the Articles of Incorporation of the Company (the
"Articles of Incorporation"), as amended, the following resolution was adopted
as of November 25, 2003 by the Board pursuant to Section 7-106-102 of the
Colorado Revised Statutes:

         RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority granted to and vested in the
Board in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation, as
amended, there shall be created a series of Preferred Stock, $.001 par value,
which series shall have the following designations and number thereof, powers,
preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions:

         1. Designation and Number of Shares. There shall hereby be created and
established a series of Preferred Stock designated as "Series F Preferred Stock"
(the "Series F Preferred Stock"). The authorized number of shares of Series F
Preferred Stock shall be 4,549,015 (the "Shares").

         2. Conversion. The Series F Preferred Stock shall not be convertible
into any other security of the Company.

         3. Redemptions.

              (a) Redemptions. The Company may, but shall not be obligated to,
redeem all or a portion of the then outstanding Shares at any time beginning on
November 26, 2006. The date of any redemption shall be referred to herein as the
"Redemption Date." (the "Redemption Date").

              (b) Redemption Price. For each Share which is to be redeemed, the
Company will be obligated on the Redemption Date to pay to the holder thereof
(upon surrender by such holder at the Company's principal office of the
certificate representing such Share) an amount in immediately available funds
(the "Redemption Price") equal to the original issue price per share of the
Series F Preferred Stock, initially $1.00, but which may be adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, combinations or other recapitalization of the Series F
Preferred Stock.


<PAGE>

              (c) Notice of Redemption. The Corporation will mail written notice
of each redemption to each record holder not less than 30 days prior to the date
on which such redemption is to be made. In case fewer than the total number of
Shares represented by any certificate are redeemed, a new certificate
representing the number of unredeemed Shares will be issued to the holder
thereof without cost to such holder promptly after surrender of the certificate
representing the redeemed Shares.

              (d) Rights After Redemption Date. After any Redemption Date, all
rights related to Shares redeemed on such Redemption Date shall cease and such
Shares will not be deemed to be outstanding.

         4. Ranking. The Series F Preferred Stock shall rank, as to rights upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, senior and prior to the Common Stock but
junior to the Series D Preferred Stock and the Series E Preferred Stock, except
as otherwise approved by the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of
shares of Series F Preferred Stock. All equity securities of the Company to
which the Series F Preferred Stock ranks senior to, whether with respect to
rights upon liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise, including the
Common Stock, are collectively referred to herein as "Junior Securities." All
equity securities of the Company to which the Series F Preferred Stock ranks on
a parity with, if any, whether with respect to liquidation, dissolution, winding
up or otherwise, are collectively referred to herein as "Parity Securities." All
equity securities of the Company to which the Series F Preferred Stock ranks
junior, whether with respect liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise
including the Series D Preferred Stock and the Series E Preferred Stock, are
collectively referred to herein as "Senior Securities."

         5. Liquidation Rights.

              (a) Liquidation Preference. Upon a voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, under applicable bankruptcy or reorganization laws, or dissolution
or winding up of the Company (each, a "Liquidation"), before any distribution of
assets shall be made to the holders of Junior Securities, the holder of each
share of Series F Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be paid out of the
assets of the Company legally available for distribution to its stockholders
(the "Available Assets") an amount per share equal to the "Liquidation Amount."
The Liquidation Amount shall mean the original issue price per share of the
Series F Preferred Stock, initially $1.00, but as may be adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, combinations or other recapitalization of the Series F
Preferred Stock (the "Liquidation Preference").

              (b) Priority. The holders of Senior Securities, if any, shall be
paid the amount of their senior liquidation preference, if any, before any
payment to the holders of Series F Preferred Stock.. Upon full satisfaction of
the liquidation preference to the holders of Senior Securities, the holders of
Series F Preferred Stock and any Parity Securities shall be paid the Available
Assets in accordance with their aggregate Liquidation Amounts. If the Available
Assets are insufficient to pay the holders of Series F Preferred Stock the full
amount of the Liquidation Amount, the holders of Series F Preferred Stock will
share ratably in the distribution of the Available Assets in proportion to the
respective amounts that would otherwise be payable in respect of the Shares held
by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to such
Shares were paid in full. Upon full satisfaction of the liquidation preference
to the holders of Senior Securities and the Series F Preferred Stock, the
remaining assets of the Company available for distribution to shareholders shall
be distributed among the holders of Junior Securities that are entitled to such
payment.

                                       2
<PAGE>

              (c) Notice. The Company will send a written notice of a
Liquidation to the holders of record of the Series F Preferred Stock, stating a
payment date, the Liquidation Amount and the place where the Liquidation Amount
will be paid, using any of the following delivery methods: (i) in person; (ii)
mailed by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; (iii) sent by
national courier; or (iv) sent by telecopier, not less than 5 days prior to the
payment date stated therein. The notice will be addressed to each holder at its
address as shown by the records of the Company.

         6. Dividends. The Company shall not be required to pay, and the holders
of Series F Preferred Stock are not entitled to receive any dividends on the
Shares under any circumstances.

         7. Voting Rights. The holders of Series F Preferred Stock shall not be
entitled to any voting rights other than those required by law. To the extent
that, under the Colorado Business Corporation Act, Colo. Rev. Stat. ss. 7-1-101,
or any successor act, statute or law (the "CBCA") the vote of the holders of the
Series F Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class or Series as applicable,
is required to authorize a given action of the Company, the affirmative vote or
consent of the holders of at least a majority of the shares of the Series F
Preferred Stock represented at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is present
or by written consent of holders of all of the shares of Series F Preferred
Stock (except as otherwise may be required under the CBCA) shall constitute the
approval of such action by the class. Holders of the Series F Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to written notice of all stockholder meetings or written
consents (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to
stockholders) with respect to which they would be entitled by vote, which notice
would be provided pursuant to the Company's bylaws and the CBCA.

         8. No Reissuance of Series F Preferred Stock.

         No share or shares of Series F Preferred Stock acquired by the Company
by reason of redemption, purchase, or otherwise shall be reissued, and all such
shares of Series F Preferred Stock shall be cancelled, retired and eliminated
from the shares of Series F Preferred Stock which the Company shall be
authorized to issue. Any such shares of Series F Preferred Stock acquired by the
Company shall have the status of authorized and unissued shares of Preferred
Stock issuable in undesignated Series and may be redesignated and reissued in
any series other than as Series F Preferred Stock.

         9. Registered Holders.

         A holder of Series F Preferred Stock registered on the Company's stock
transfer books as the owner of shares of Series F Preferred Stock shall be
treated as the owner of such shares for all purposes. All notices and all
payments required to be mailed to a holder of shares of Series F Preferred Stock
shall be mailed to such holder's registered address on the Company's stock
transfer books, and all redemption payments to a holder of Series F Preferred
Stock made hereunder shall be deemed to be paid in compliance hereof on the date
such payments are deposited into the mail addressed to such holder at his
registered address on the Company's stock transfer books.

                                       3
<PAGE>

         The name and address of the individual who caused this Certificate of
Designation to be delivered for filing is: Matthew W. Shankle, 7334 South Alton
Way, Building 14, Suite F, Englewood, Colorado 80112.



                                       4

