
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.3

                                                            Receivables Purchase

                                                                       Agreement

                                               Tech Pacific Holdings Pty Limited

                                     Waratah Receivables Corporation Pty Limited

                                                     Westpac Banking Corporation


<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                                <C>
1.    INTERPRETATION                                                                                1
      1.1         Definitions                                                                       1
      1.2         Interpretation                                                                   25

2.    RPA COMMITMENT                                                                               26
      2.1         Sale notices                                                                     26
      2.2         Limit                                                                            28
      2.3         Further Instalments                                                              28
      2.4         Security Interest                                                                29
      2.5         Registration on PPSR                                                             29
      2.6         PPSA Provisions                                                                  30
      2.7         Extension                                                                        30
      2.8         Voluntary termination of RPA Commitment or reduction of Purchase Limit           30
      2.9         Liquidity availability                                                           31
      2.10        Seller obligations upon RPA Termination                                          31
      2.11        Commercial Paper Notes                                                           31
      2.12        Appointment of Seller's Agent                                                    31

3.    COLLECTION                                                                                   32
      3.1         Collection of Receivables                                                        32
      3.2         Deemed Collections                                                               32
      3.3         Return of Distribution                                                           34
      3.4         Interpretation                                                                   34

4.    SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES                                                                        34
      4.1         Settlement Procedures for all Collections                                        34
      4.2         Discharge and Reserves                                                           35
      4.3         Adjustments to Reserves                                                          36
      4.4         Payments and Computations, etc.                                                  36
      4.5         Additional payments                                                              36
      4.6         Reimbursement                                                                    37
      4.7         Treatment of Collections                                                         37
      4.8         Settlement arrangements                                                          37
      4.9         Circumstances where clauses 3 and 4 become inoperative                           37

5.    FEES                                                                                         38
      5.1         Arranger Fee                                                                     38
      5.2         Changes in law                                                                   38
      5.3         Program Costs                                                                    38
      5.4         Prepayment Amount                                                                38

6.    CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO PURCHASES                                                            38
      6.1         Conditions precedent to initial Purchase                                         38
      6.2         Further conditions precedent                                                     39

7.    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES                                                               40
      7.1         Representations and warranties                                                   40
</TABLE>

                                                                        Page (i)

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                                <C>
      7.2         General representations and warranties                                           44
      7.3         Reliance on representations and warranties                                       44

8.    UNDERTAKINGS                                                                                 45
      8.1         General undertakings                                                             45
      8.2         Undertaking by the Agent                                                         50

9.    ADMINISTRATION, SERVICING, COLLECTION AND BACK-UP SERVICING                                  51
      9.1         Appointment                                                                      51
      9.2         Duties of the Servicer                                                           51
      9.3         Replacement of the Servicer                                                      52
      9.4         Remuneration of Successor Servicer                                               52
      9.5         Rights of the Agent                                                              52
      9.6         Responsibilities of the Seller                                                   53
      9.7         Further action evidencing purchase                                               53
      9.8         Application of Collections                                                       54
      9.9         Stand-by Servicer                                                                54
      9.10        Indemnities by the Company                                                       55

10.   EARLY AMORTISATION EVENTS; SERVICER TRANSFER EVENTS; TERMINATION;
      EVENTS OF REVIEW                                                                             56
      10.1        Early Amortisation Events                                                        56
      10.2        Remedies                                                                         57
      10.3        Other consequences                                                               58
      10.4        Event of Review                                                                  58
      10.5        Collection Account Letter                                                        58
      10.6        Trade Credit Insurance Policies                                                  58

11.   INDEMNIFICATION                                                                              58
      11.1        General indemnity                                                                58

12.   POWER OF ATTORNEY                                                                            60
      12.1        Seller Appointment                                                               60
      12.2        Australian Approved Originator Appointments                                      60
      12.3        NZ Approved Originator Appointments                                              60

13.   THE AGENT                                                                                    61
      13.1        Authorisation and action                                                         61
      13.2        Agent's reliance etc.                                                            61
      13.3        Agent and Associates                                                             62

14.   ASSIGNMENT OF PURCHASED RECEIVABLES                                                          62
      14.1        Restrictions on assignments                                                      62
      14.2        Rights of Assignee                                                               63
      14.3        Rights of the Security Agent                                                     63

15.   LIMITED RECOURSE                                                                             63
      15.1        Limit and release                                                                63
      15.2        Unrestricted remedies                                                            63
      15.3        Restricted remedies                                                              64
      15.4        Survival                                                                         64
</TABLE>

                                                                       Page (ii)

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                                <C>
16.   INTEREST ON OVERDUE AMOUNTS                                                                  64
      16.1        Accrual                                                                          64
      16.2        Payment                                                                          64

17.   MISCELLANEOUS                                                                                64
      17.1        Notices                                                                          64
      17.2        Severability clause                                                              65
      17.3        Amendments                                                                       65
      17.4        Governing Law and jurisdiction                                                   65
      17.5        Survival of representations and indemnities                                      65
      17.6        No bankruptcy petition against the Company                                       65
      17.7        Set-off                                                                          66
      17.8        Costs and expenses                                                               66
      17.9        Waivers; remedies cumulative                                                     67

18.   CONFIDENTIALITY                                                                              67
      18.1        Confidentiality                                                                  67
      18.2        Counterparts                                                                     69

19.   GST                                                                                          69
      19.1        Interpretation                                                                   69
      19.2        Consideration is GST exclusive                                                   69
      19.3        Gross up of consideration                                                        69
      19.4        Reimbursements (net down)                                                        70

20.   PRIVACY                                                                                      70

21.   CODE OF BANKING PRACTICE (2003)                                                              70

ANNEXURE A - PART 1
      [Intentionally omitted]

ANNEXURE A - PART 2
      [Intentionally omitted]

ANNEXURE A - PART 3
      [Intentionally omitted]

ANNEXURE B
      [Intentionally omitted]

ANNEXURE C
      [Intentionally omitted]

ANNEXURE D
      [Intentionally omitted]

ANNEXURE E
      [Intentionally omitted]

ANNEXURE F - AUSTRALIA
      [Intentionally omitted]

ANNEXURE G - NEW ZEALAND
      [Intentionally omitted]
</TABLE>

                                                                      Page (iii)

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement



ANNEXURE H - AUSTRALIA
      [Intentionally omitted]

ANNEXURE I - NEW ZEALAND
      [Intentionally omitted]

ANNEXURE J
      [Intentionally omitted]

ANNEXURE K
      [Intentionally omitted]


                                                                       Page (iv)

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

DATE

PARTIES

      1.    TECH PACIFIC HOLDINGS PTY LIMITED (ABN 49 002 956 096) incorporated
            under the laws of Australia of 66 Dunning Avenue, Rosebery NSW 2018
            (the SELLER, the SERVICER and the SELLER'S AGENT)

      2.    WARATAH RECEIVABLES CORPORATION PTY LIMITED (ABN 82 061 389 277)
            incorporated under the laws of Australia of Level 17, Chifley Tower,
            2 Chifley Square, Sydney, New South Wales (the COMPANY)

      3.    WESTPAC BANKING CORPORATION (ABN 33 007 457 141) incorporated under
            the laws of Australia of 60 Martin Place, Sydney, in its capacity as
            agent for the Company (the AGENT) and in its capacity as back-up
            servicer (the BACK-UP SERVICER) and in its corporate capacity
            (WESTPAC)

RECITALS

      A     The Seller has, and expects to have, Receivables which the Seller
            may wish to sell. All of the Receivables will be acquired by the
            Seller from Approved Originators.

      B     The parties have entered into this agreement to set out the terms
            which will apply if the Seller makes an offer to the Company to
            sell, and the Company agrees to purchase, such Receivables from the
            Seller from time to time during the term of a Future Agreement.

      C     Westpac has been requested, and is willing, to act as the Agent and
            the Back-Up Servicer.

IT IS AGREED as follows.

1.    INTERPRETATION

1.1   DEFINITIONS

      The following definitions apply unless the context requires otherwise.

      ACCOUNTS means profit and loss accounts, balance sheets and cashflow
      statements together with any statements, reports (including any directors'
      and auditors' reports) and notes attached to or intended to be read with
      any of them.

      ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE TRIAL BALANCE means the accounts receivable trial
      balance, in either computer disk or hard copy computer printout form,
      summarising debit and credit entries and the Original Balances for
      Receivables as at the Determination Date, containing a list of Obligors
      and the Original Balances of the Receivables due to each Approved
      Originator as at that date in a form acceptable to the Agent acting
      reasonably.

                                                                          Page 1

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      ACCRUED INTERIM COST means, for any Remittance Date, the aggregate of any
      Accrued Interest Cost and Retention Amount that has not been paid on any
      preceding Remittance Dates as a result of there being insufficient
      Collections.

      ACCRUED INTEREST COST means, for any Remittance Date, an amount equal to
      the sum of the product of the following amounts calculated for each day
      during the Yield Period ending on that Remittance Date:

      (a)   the aggregate of:

            (i)   the Program Outstandings on that day whether or not any
                  Commercial Paper Notes relating to those Program Outstandings
                  mature on that day; and

            (ii)  Accrued Interim Cost;

      (b)   the Company Rate for that day; and

      (c)   1/365.

      ACCRUED LIQUIDITY COST means for any Remittance Date, the aggregate
      interest accrued on all Liquidity Loans and Credit Advances outstanding at
      any time during the Yield Period ending on that Remittance Date which has
      accrued from the first day through the last day of that Yield Period
      (whether or not such Liquidity Loan or Credit Advance matures during that
      Yield Period) at:

      (a)   the Bank Bill Rate for such Liquidity Loan; or

      (b)   if an Early Amortisation Event pursuant to clause 10.1(a) is
            subsisting, the Alternate Base Rate; or

      (c)   in the case of any Purchased Receivables where the related
            Commercial Paper Notes were issued by Sydney Corp and purchased by
            Westpac as underwriter because there were unsold Commercial Paper
            Notes due to a market disturbance in the United States commercial
            paper market, the rate per annum determined for such Purchased
            Receivables under paragraph (b) of this definition. The Agent
            undertakes to the Seller that any drawing of the underwriting
            facility will be repaid on the next Business Day, by a drawing on
            the Liquidity Facility Agreement.

      ADJUSTED DILUTION RATIO means, on any date, the ratio (expressed as a
      decimal) calculated as of the most recent Determination Date by dividing
      the sum of the Dilution Ratios at each of the 12 consecutive Determination
      Dates ending with such Determination Date by 12.

      ALTERNATE BASE RATE means 2.0% plus the Bank Bill Rate for consecutive
      periods of one month, (expressed as a rate per annum).

      APPROVED ORIGINATOR means an Australian Approved Originator or a NZ
      Approved Originator.

      APPROVED ORIGINATOR SALE NOTICE means, in respect of:

      (a)   an Australian Approved Originator, a notice substantially in the
            form of Annexure A Part 2 (or such other form as the Seller and that
            Australian Approved Originator may agree); and

      (b)   an NZ Approved Originator, a notice substantially in the form of
            Annexure A Part 3 (or such other form as the Seller and that NZ
            Approved Originator may agree),

      under which that Australian Approved Originator or NZ Approved Originator
      offers to sell Receivables originated by it to the Seller.

                                                                          Page 2

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      APRA means the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority.

      ASSOCIATE in relation to an entity means:

      (a)   a Related Corporation of that entity;

      (b)   an entity, or the trustee or manager of a trust, which has a
            Controlling Interest in that entity, or a Related Corporation of
            that entity;

      (c)   a Related Corporation of an entity included in paragraph (b) or (e);

      (d)   a director of that entity or an entity included in paragraph (a) or
            (c);

      (e)   a corporation, or the trustee or manager of a trust, in which one or
            more entity or person mentioned in paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d),
            (e), (f) or (g) alone or together has a Controlling Interest;

      (f)   the trustee of a discretionary trust of which an entity or person
            included in paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d) (e) or (g) is a beneficiary
            (whether or not through one or more other discretionary trusts); or

      (g)   an entity of which a director of that entity or a Related
            Corporation of that entity is also a director.

            For the purposes of this definition:

            (i)   where a person is a beneficiary of a discretionary trust, that
                  person shall be taken to own, and control, all the assets of
                  that trust;

            (ii)  DIRECTOR has the meaning given in the Corporations Act 2001;
                  and

            (iii) a person has a CONTROLLING INTEREST in a corporation or trust
                  if:

                  (A)   the corporation or its directors, or the trustee or
                        manager of the trust or its directors, are accustomed,
                        or under an obligation, whether formal or informal, to
                        act in accordance with the directions, instructions or
                        wishes of that person or of that person in concert with
                        others; or

                  (B)   the person has a relevant interest (as defined in the
                        Corporations Act 2001) in aggregate in more than 20% of
                        the issued or voting shares, units or other interests in
                        the corporation or trust (in number, voting power or
                        value), or would have that relevant interest if any
                        rights were exercised to subscribe for, or acquire or
                        convert into, shares, units or other interests which are
                        issued or unissued. The definition of relevant interest
                        applies as if units or other interests were shares.

      AUSTRALIAN APPROVED ORIGINATOR means Tech Pacific Australia Pty Limited
      (ABN 37 000 628 400) or any other Australian incorporated Subsidiary of
      the Seller that the Agent approves of as an Australian Approved Originator
      from time to time.

      AUSTRALIAN COLLECTION ACCOUNT means the account in the name of Tech
      Pacific Australia Pty Ltd BSB number 032035, account number 146989 at
      Mascot, New South Wales or such other account approved by the Agent.

      AUSTRALIAN RECEIVABLE means a Receivable originated by the Seller or an
      Australian Approved Originator in Australia.

                                                                          Page 3

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      AUTHORISATION means:

      (a)   any consent, authorisation, registration, filing, lodgement,
            agreement, notarisation, certificate, permission, licence, approval,
            authority or exemption from, by or with a Governmental Agency; or

      (b)   in relation to anything which will be fully or partly prohibited or
            restricted by law if a Governmental Agency intervenes or acts in any
            way within a specified period after lodgement, filing, registration
            or notification, the expiry of that period without intervention or
            action.

      AUTHORISED OFFICER means:

      (a)   in respect of the Company, the Seller, the Servicer or an Approved
            Originator, any director or secretary, or any person from time to
            time nominated as an Authorised Officer by the Company, the Seller,
            the Servicer or an Approved Originator, as the case may be, by a
            notice to the relevant party accompanied by certified copies of
            signatures of all new persons so appointed; and

      (b)   in respect of the Agent or the Back-up Servicer, any person whose
            title or acting title includes the word DIRECTOR , MANAGER or
            ASSOCIATE or cognate expressions, or any secretary or director, or
            any person from time to time nominated as an Authorised Officer by
            that party by a notice to the relevant party accompanied by
            certified copies of all signatures of all new persons so appointed.

      BANK BILL RATE for a period means:

      (a)   the average bid rate displayed at or about 10.15am (Sydney time) on
            the first day of that period on the Reuters screen BBSWAV page for a
            term equal or closest to (within 5 days) that period; or

      (b)   if for any reason that rate is not displayed for a term equal or
            closest to (within 5 days) that period, then the Bank Bill Rate will
            be the rate calculated by the Agent at or about 10.15am (Sydney
            time) on the first day of the period to be the Agent's estimate in
            good faith of the rate calculated on a linear interpolation or
            extrapolation basis using the two rates displayed at or about
            10.15am (Sydney time) on the first day of that period on the Reuters
            screen BBSWAV page having a term closest to that period; or

      (c)   if the basis on which that rate is displayed is changed and in the
            reasonable opinion of the Agent it ceases to reflect the cost of
            funding of the Company to the same extent as at the date of this
            agreement solely due to the change, then the Bank Bill Rate will be
            the rate calculated by the Agent as the Company's cost of funds for
            a term equal or closest to (within 5 days) the period in
            consultation with the Seller to be the average of the buying rates
            quoted to the Agent on the first day of the period by 3 large
            Australian banks selected by the Agent (as relevant); or

      (d)   if the Bank Bill Rate cannot be determined under paragraphs (a), (b)
            or (c), the rate will be the rate determined by the Agent to be the
            Company's cost of funds for a term equal or closest to (within 5
            days) the period in consultation with the Seller.

      BILL has the same meaning as in the Bills of Exchange Act 1909 (Cwlth).

                                                                          Page 4

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      BUSINESS DAY means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday or a day when
      banks are authorised or required by law to close in Sydney or, where the
      place where the act matter or thing to be done or occur on a Business Day
      is New York or Auckland, in New York or Auckland (as the case may be).

      CARRYING COSTS means, for any Remittance Date, the sum of:

      (a)   the Dollar amount for that Remittance Date of the Accrued Interest
            Cost and the Accrued Liquidity Cost; and

      (b)   any Retention Amount and any Program Costs for that Remittance Date.

      CHARGEE means any person, other than the Company, to whom the Seller or
      any Approved Originator has granted a Security Interest.

      CHARGE-OFF RECEIVABLE means a Purchased Receivable (other than any Overdue
      Receivable or Receivable Ineligible for Funding):

      (a)   as to which an Insolvency Event has occurred and is subsisting with
            respect to the Obligor; or

      (b)   which the Seller, or if the Seller is not the Servicer, the
            Servicer, has taken all reasonable steps to collect and enforce, and
            has concluded in accordance with its usual practice is not
            reasonably recoverable and has been written off in accordance with
            the Credit and Collection Policy.

      COLES means Coles Myer Limited ACN 004 089 936 and its Subsidiaries.

      COLLECTION ACCOUNT means the Australian Collection Account and the NZ
      Collection Account.

      COLLECTION ACCOUNT LETTER means a letter from the Seller (or its
      Associate) to the Company, the Agent and Westpac in its various
      capacities, in relation to the operation of the relevant Collection
      Account.

      COLLECTION PERIOD means, in respect of a Remittance Date:

      (a)   the calendar month ending on (and including) the last day of the
            calendar month immediately before that Remittance Date; or

      (b)   if an Early Amortisation Event has occurred and is subsisting, a
            period selected by the Agent, notice of which is given to the
            Servicer.

      COLLECTIONS means, with respect to any Purchased Receivable, all funds
      which after the date of a Future Agreement either are:

      (a)   received by the Seller or the Servicer from or on behalf of the
            related Obligors in payment of any amounts owed in respect of such
            Purchased Receivable or applied to such amounts owed by such
            Obligors (including, without limitation, by set off, counterclaim,
            netting or any similar right or defence);

      (b)   any amount deemed to be received by the Seller or Servicer under
            clause 3.2, or any amount paid to the Company under clause 11 which
            is not in respect of any penalty, fine, Tax or obligation of any
            Indemnified Party to any other person; or

      (c)   any amounts paid under an Insurance Policy.

      COMMERCIAL PAPER NOTES means the short-term promissory notes issued by
      Sydney Corp or Waratah Securities the proceeds of which are to be on-lent
      under the relevant SPV Loan Agreement to the

                                                                          Page 5

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      Company to enable the Company to fund its acquisition of or maintenance of
      its interest in any Purchased Receivables.

      COMMITMENT TERMINATION DATE means the earlier to occur of:

      (a)   the Scheduled Commitment Termination Date; and

      (b)   the date of termination of the RPA Commitment under clause 2.8, 10.2
            or 10.4(b).

      COMPANY RATE for any day within a Yield Period for the Purchased
      Receivables means in the case of any Purchased Receivables, a rate per
      centum per annum for each Yield Period calculated by:

      (a)   determining the Program Outstandings;

      (b)   determining the Dollar amount required by the Company to repay to
            Sydney Corp or Waratah Securities (as the case may be) an amount
            equal to the minimum aggregate face amount of the Commercial Paper
            Notes issued to fund the relevant Program Outstandings and
            outstanding on that day (the Dollar equivalent amount being
            calculated in the case of Commercial Paper Notes issued by Sydney
            Corp at the forward exchange rate as achieved by the Company and the
            Agent on the day the relevant Commercial Paper Notes are issued by
            the Company to exchange Dollars into US dollars equal to the
            aggregate face amount of such Commercial Paper Notes);

      (c)   dividing the excess of the amount determined under paragraph (b)
            over the amount determined under paragraph (a) by the amount
            determined under paragraph (a); and

      (d)   multiplying the amount calculated in paragraph (c) by 36,500 and
            dividing that amount by the number of days in such Yield Period,

      however, on any day when any Early Amortisation Event pursuant to clause
      10.1(a) has occurred and is subsisting (the RELEVANT DAY), the Company
      Rate in relation to any Accrued Interest Costs that have not been paid
      within (2) two Business Days of becoming due under this agreement shall
      mean a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Company Rate applying on
      the day prior to the occurrence of that Early Amortisation Event and the
      Alternate Base Rate on the Relevant Day.

      COMPANY'S INVESTMENT means:

      (a)   subject to paragraphs (b) and (c), at any time an amount equal to
            the sum of all payments of Instalments and Further Instalments less
            the sum of all reductions in the Company's Investment under clause
            4.1(c)(iv).

      (b)   The Company's Investment shall not be reduced by any distribution of
            Collections:

            (i)   until that distribution is received by the Company in
                  immediately available funds or (to avoid double counting where
                  Collections are applied towards meeting an Instalment) has
                  been applied in accordance with clause 4.8 in satisfaction of
                  the Instalment; or

            (ii)  if at any time that distribution is rescinded or must
                  otherwise be returned for any reason.

      (c)   On any Purchase Date, the Company's Investment shall include
            (without double counting) any Instalment to be made by the Company
            under a Sale Notice offered to and accepted by the Company with
            respect to that Purchase Date.

                                                                          Page 6

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      COMPUTER DISK means a computer disk or email confirmation that contains a
      summary or list of Purchased Receivables (including all Eligible
      Receivables (if any) that have been originated since the last Purchase
      Date to the extent they have not been included in a Computer Disk that has
      previously been given by the Seller to the Company).

      CONCENTRATION LIQUIDITY FACILITY AGREEMENT means the agreement so called
      between the Company, as borrower, Westpac as Servicing Agent for the
      Company and as Liquidity Agent, and the Liquidity Participants entered
      into in connection with this agreement.

      CONCENTRATION LIMIT means in relation to:

      (a)   [Intentionally omitted]

      (b)   [Intentionally omitted]

      (c)   [Intentionally omitted]

      (d)   [Intentionally omitted]

      (e)   the amount that the Agent specifies (from time to time) at request
            of the Seller in respect of any other company that the Agent
            specifies as a Concentration Obligor from time to time;

      (f)   in respect of any other Obligor at any time, or for any Obligor
            referred to in paragraphs (a) - (e) once it is no longer a
            Concentration Obligor, 2.0% of the Company's Investment at that
            time.

      CONCENTRATION OBLIGOR means:

      (a)   Coles;

      (b)   Corporate Express;

      (c)   Harvey Norman;

      (d)   Woolworths; and

      (e)   any other company that the Agent specifies as a Concentration
            Obligor from time to time.

      CONCENTRATION RESERVE means the aggregate of the amounts by which the
      Outstanding Balance of each Obligor's Purchased Receivables exceeds the
      Concentration Limit for that Obligor.

      CONCENTRATION TERM means the period of one year from the date the first
      Sale Notice (if any) is accepted by the Company, as extended under the
      Concentration Liquidity Facility Agreement and clause 2.7(b), but in any
      event expiring when the Concentration Liquidity Facility Agreement is
      terminated in accordance with its terms.

      CONSUMER CREDIT LEGISLATION means any legislation relating to consumer
      credit including:

      (a)   the Credit Act of any Australian state or territory;

      (b)   the Consumer Credit (Queensland) Act 1994;

      (c)   the Credit Contracts Act 1981 (NZ);

      (d)   Parts 2 and 3 of the Credit Contracts and Consumer Finance Act 2003
            (NZ); and

                                                                          Page 7

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      (e)   any other equivalent legislation of any Australian state or
            territory or New Zealand.

      CONTRACT means a contract (which need not be in writing) between the
      Seller or an Approved Originator and any person under which the Seller or
      the relevant Approved Originator sells goods to that person, and that
      person is given a certain period of time in which to pay the relevant
      purchase price, in a form or on terms acceptable to the Agent acting
      reasonably, which gives rise to a Receivable.

      CORPORATE EXPRESS means Corporate Express Australia Limited ABN 94 000 728
      398 and its Subsidiaries.

      CREDIT ADVANCE means a loan to the Company under the Enhancement Agreement
      to the extent that loan relates to the funding by the Company of any
      Purchased Receivables and has not been repaid to the Enhancement Bank in
      accordance with the Enhancement Agreement.

      CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICY means those policies and procedures of each
      Approved Originator relating to the operation of its business, including,
      without limitation, the policies and procedures:

      (a)   for determining the creditworthiness of customers and the extension
            of credit to customers;

      (b)   relating to the maintenance of accounts and collection of
            Receivables; and

      (c)   relating to the writing off of bad debts,

      in the form of the documents initialled by the Agent and the Seller by way
      of identification (as amended from time to time as reasonably required in
      the ordinary course of business or otherwise with the prior approval of
      the Agent, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), as
      set out in Annexure J.

      CREDIT RESERVE means, at any date, the amount calculated as follows.

            CR = CRP x PR

            where

            CR means the Credit Reserve at that date

            CRP means the Credit Reserve Percentage at that date.

            PR means the Outstanding Balance of all performing Purchased
            Receivables which are referable to Non-Concentration Obligors
            calculated as follows:

            (a)   the Outstanding Balance of all Purchased Receivables less;

            (b)   the aggregate of:

                  (i)   the Outstanding Balance of all Overdue Receivables;

                  (ii)  the Outstanding Balance of all Receivables Ineligible
                        for Funding:

                  (iii) the Outstanding Balance of all Charge-Off Receivables;
                        and

                  (iv)  the Outstanding Balance of all Purchased Receivables
                        which are referable to Concentration Obligors.

      CREDIT RESERVE PERCENTAGE means, on any date, the percentage rate
      calculated as the greater of:

      (a)   the Loss Ratio as at that date multiplied by the Loss Horizon Ratio
            as at that date multiplied by the Rating Multiple at that date; and

                                                                          Page 8

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      (b)   5.0%.

      CURRENT RECEIVABLE means any Purchased Receivable other than an Overdue
      Receivable, Receivable Ineligible for Funding or Charge-Off Receivable.

      DEED OF RELEASE means any Deed of Release and Consent dated on or around
      the date of this agreement which irrevocably releases and discharges from
      any Security Interest all of the Receivables originated by an Approved
      Originator and Collections.

      DEFAULT RATIO means, as at the last day of any calendar month, a
      percentage calculated as follows:

                  COR
            DR = -----
                  CR

            where

            DR means the Default Ratio at that date.

            COR means the Outstanding Balance of all Purchased Receivables which
            have become Charge-Off Receivables during that month.

            CR means the Outstanding Balance of all Current Receivables
            originated within the six-month period immediately preceding that
            month.

      DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE has the meaning given in the Liquidity Facility
      Agreement.

      DETERMINATION DATE means the 15th day of each calendar month.

      DETERMINATION DATE STATEMENT means the statement prepared by the Servicer
      with respect to each Determination Date pursuant to clause 6.2(b)(i)
      substantially in the form of the example set out as Annexure D or in such
      other form as the Agent and the Seller may agree from time to time.

      DILUTION means the amount of any reduction in the Original Balance of a
      Receivable other than due to payment by an Obligor in relation to that
      Purchased Receivable in accordance with the terms of the related Contract
      or upon the Purchased Receivable becoming a Charge-Off Receivable.

      DILUTION HORIZON means a period of 30 days.

      DILUTION HORIZON RATIO means, on any date, the ratio (expressed as a
      decimal) calculated as of the most recent Determination Date by dividing
      the aggregate sales (in Dollars) of the Seller and its Related
      Corporations during the Dilution Horizon ending on such Determination Date
      by the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Purchased Receivables less the
      Outstanding Balance of all Overdue Receivables of the previous Collection
      Period.

      DILUTION PURCHASED RECEIVABLE AMOUNT means, in respect of any Collection
      Period, the aggregate amount of Dilutions made in respect of Purchased
      Receivables during that Collection Period.

      DILUTION RATIO means, on any date, the ratio (expressed as a decimal)
      calculated as of the most recent Determination Date by dividing the
      aggregate of all Dilutions for the Collection Period immediately preceding
      such Determination Date (the LATEST COLLECTION PERIOD) by the aggregate
      Dollar amount of sales of the Approved Originators during the Collection
      Period immediately preceding the Latest Collection Period.

      DILUTION RESERVE means, on any date, the amount calculated in accordance
      with the following formula:

            DR = (DRP x PR) + (DRP x PRCO) +PMSI

                                                                          Page 9

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      where:

      DR means the Dilution Reserve as at that date.

      DRP means the Dilution Reserve Percentage in respect of Concentration
      Obligors or Non-Concentration Obligors (as the case may be) as at that
      date.

      PR means the Outstanding Balance of all performing Purchased Receivables
      which are referable to Non-Concentration Obligors, calculated as follows:

      (a)   the Outstanding Balance of all Purchased Receivables, less

      (b)   the aggregate of:

            (i)   the Outstanding Balance of all Overdue Receivables;

            (ii)  the Outstanding Balance of all Receivables Ineligible for
                  Funding;

            (iii) the Outstanding Balance of all Charge-Off Receivables; and

            (iv)  the Outstanding Balance of all Purchased Receivables which are
                  referable to Concentration Obligors.

      PRCO means the Outstanding Balance of all Purchased Receivables which are
      referable to Concentration Obligors.

      PMSI means the average value of trade credits due (as determined by the
      Servicer from time to time acting reasonably and notified to the Agent) to
      suppliers to the NZ Approved Originators which benefit from a Supplier's
      Security Interest.

      DILUTION RESERVE PERCENTAGE means, on any date:

      (a)   in respect of Non-Concentration Obligors, the product of:

            (i)   the sum of:

                  (A)   the Rating Multiple times the Adjusted Dilution Ratio;
                        and

                  (B)   the Dilution Volatility Component; and

            (ii)  the Dilution Horizon Ratio,

            expressed as a percentage; and

      (b)   in respect of Concentration Obligors:

            (i)   5.0% ; or

            (ii)  the percentage notified to the Seller by the Agent in respect
                  of any Concentration Obligors.

      DILUTION VOLATILITY COMPONENT means, on any date, the amount (expressed as
      a decimal) computed as of the most recent Determination Date equal to the
      product of:

      (a)   the difference between:

            (i)   the highest three month rolling average Dilution Ratio
                  occurring during the immediately preceding 12 months ending on
                  such Determination Date; and

            (ii)  the Adjusted Dilution Ratio as of such Determination Date,
                  provided that if such difference is negative it shall be
                  deemed to be zero, and

                                                                         Page 10

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      (b)   a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to the amount calculated
            pursuant to clause (a)(i) of this definition and the denominator of
            which is equal to the amount calculated pursuant to clause (a)(ii)
            of this definition.

      DISCOUNT RESERVE means, on any date, the amount specified as the Discount
      in the most recently delivered Sale Notice or Determination Date
      Statement. The Discount shall be an amount agreed between the Seller and
      the Agent (on behalf of the Company) to be an amount that relates to all
      Purchased Receivables. It shall be determined using the following formula.

            D = (SR + RR + PM) x (2 x DSO) x PB
                                 ---------
                                      365

            where

            D means the Discount at that date

            SR means the Servicer Rate as at that date

            RR means the greater of:

            (a)   the cost (expressed as a rate per cent per annum), estimated
                  by the Agent, of issuing Commercial Paper to fund the
                  Purchased Receivables for a period equal to the Settlement
                  Period following that date; and

            (b)   the interest rate applicable to each relevant Liquidity Loan
                  for a period equal to the Settlement Period immediately
                  following that date, being the Bank Bill Rate as at the
                  commencement of that Settlement Period.

            PM means the Program Margin expressed as a percentage per annum

            DSO means the number which is the greater of the DSO and the
            weighted average tenor of Yield Periods, as at that date

            PB means the Purchase Base for the Settlement Period immediately
            following that date.

      DOLLARS means the lawful currency of the Commonwealth of Australia from
      time to time.

      DSO means days sales outstanding at that date and is calculated using the
      following formula:

      [(Opening AR + Closing AR) / 2] x (30 / Sales)

      where

      Opening AR means the opening balance of the Accounts Receivable Trial
      Balance of the first day of the relevant Collection Period.

      Closing AR means the closing balance of the Accounts Receivable Trial
      Balance of the last day of the relevant Collection Period used to
      calculate the Opening AR.

      Sales means the aggregate sales (in Dollars) of the Approved Originators
      in the relevant Collection Period used to calculate the Opening AR and
      Closing AR.

      EARLY AMORTISATION EVENT means each of the events referred to in clause
      10.1 except that, so far as any such event relates to the Servicer, it
      will only be an Early Amortisation Event if the Servicer is the Seller or
      an Associate of the Seller.

      ELIGIBLE INSURER means an insurance company regulated by the Australian
      Prudential Regulatory Authority, which is either:

                                                                         Page 11

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      (a)   rated at least A- by S&P; or

      (b)   a wholly owned subsidiary of an insurer rated at least A- and
            approved by the Agent.

      ELIGIBLE RECEIVABLE means, on the date of any determination under this
      agreement which involves, or requires a calculation of, an ELIGIBLE
      RECEIVABLE a Receivable:

      (a)   in relation to which:

            (i)   the Seller was the first and only creditor of the Obligor
                  under the relevant Contract and where that Contract was
                  entered into by the Seller in the ordinary course of its
                  business; or

            (ii)  an Approved Originator was the first creditor of the Obligor
                  under the relevant Contract, the Contract was entered into by
                  the Approved Originator in the ordinary course of its
                  business, and that Approved Originator and the Seller have
                  been the only creditors of the Obligor under that Contract.

      (b)   the Obligor of which is not an Associate or employee of the Seller
            or any Approved Originator;

      (c)   which is not a Charge-Off Receivable;

      (d)   with regard to which the warranty of the Seller in each of clause
            7.1(r) and (s) is true and correct;

      (e)   the sale of an equitable interest in which does not contravene or
            conflict with any law;

      (f)   the Obligor of which has established a satisfactory payment history
            with the Seller or an Approved Originator for a period of no less
            than 1 month;

      (g)   where the Obligor (if a natural person) is at least 18 years old;

      (h)   which is:

            (i)   in the case of an Australian Receivable, a Receivable
                  denominated and payable only in Dollars in Australia; or

            (ii)  in the case of a NZ Receivable, a Receivable in respect of
                  which the Obligor is located in New Zealand or has its place
                  of business, or its principal place of business (if the
                  Obligor has more than one place of business) in New Zealand,
                  and the Receivable is denominated and payable only in NZ
                  Dollars in New Zealand;

      (i)   is in full force and effect and constitutes the legal, valid and
            binding obligation of the Obligor of that Receivable enforceable
            against that Obligor in accordance with its terms and is not subject
            to any dispute, offset, counterclaim or defence whatsoever (except
            the discharge in insolvency or bankruptcy of such Obligor);

      (j)   which, together with the Contract, does not contravene any laws,
            rules or regulations and with respect to which no party to the
            Contract is in violation of any law, rule or regulation if that
            violation would impair the collectability of such Receivable;

      (k)   which satisfies all applicable requirements of the relevant Credit
            and Collection Policy and any relevant Insurance Policy (provided it
            is acknowledged and agreed that in respect of Insurance Policies,
            the insured limit may be exceeded under and in accordance with the
            relevant Credit and Collection Policy and that Eligible Receivables
            may be originated

                                                                         Page 12

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

            without being subject to an Insurance Policy under and in accordance
            with the Credit and Collection Policy);

      (l)   as to which at the time the relevant Contract was entered into and
            as at the proposed date of sale the Seller had not received any
            notice of an Insolvency Event in respect of the relevant Obligor;

      (m)   which is not subject to any Consumer Credit Legislation;

      (n)   where each of the relevant Contracts is governed by the laws of an
            Australian jurisdiction or, in the case of a Receivable originated
            by an NZ Approved Originator, the laws of New Zealand;

      (o)   where the relevant Contract, if required to be stamped, has been
            stamped with all applicable duty;

      (p)   where the amount of any payment which the Obligor is required to
            make in respect of the Receivable may not pursuant to any
            contractual right of set off be reduced by, or by any income derived
            by the Obligor on, any moneys deposited by it with any person
            (including, without limitation, the Seller) or an Approved
            Originator;

      (q)   which is specifically identifiable and able to be segregated if an
            Early Amortisation Event occurs; and

      (r)   which is fully assignable and is not subject to dispute, offset or
            counterclaim at the time it is offered for sale.

      ENHANCEMENT AGREEMENT means the Enhancement Agreement, dated on or about
      the date 21 September 1994 between the Company and the Enhancement Bank.

      ENHANCEMENT BANK means Westpac, or any other bank from time to time that
      has an obligation (contingent or otherwise) to make advances under the
      Enhancement Agreement.

      EVENT OF REVIEW means a Review Event as so defined in clause 25 of the
      Subscription Agreement.

      EXCHANGE RATE on any date, in relation to an NZ Receivable or NZ Dollars
      means:

      (a)   at any time prior to the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event,
            the forward exchange rate quoted to the Seller and the Company by
            the Agent at that time as its market rate for converting NZ Dollars
            to Dollars, or vice versa (as the case may be) for payment on the
            next Remittance Date; and

      (b)   at any time after the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event, the
            forward foreign exchange rate under the Swap Agreement at that time
            as determined by the Agent for converting NZ Dollars to Dollars, or
            vice versa (as the case may be) for payment on the next Remittance
            Date.

      EXPIRY TIME means, in relation to a Sale Notice, 4.00 pm on the third
      Business Day after the day on which the Agent receives that Sale Notice.

      FEE LETTER means the letter to Guy Freeland dated 18 June 2004 from Ian
      Makovec, as amended thereafter by mutual agreement between the Seller and
      the Agent.

      FINANCIAL INDEBTEDNESS means any indebtedness, present or future, actual
      or contingent in respect of moneys borrowed or raised or any financial
      accommodation whatever. It includes indebtedness under or in respect of a
      negotiable or other financial instrument, Guarantee, interest, gold or

                                                                         Page 13

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      currency exchange, hedge or arrangement of any kind, redeemable share,
      share the subject of a Guarantee, discounting arrangement, finance or
      capital lease, hire purchase, deferred purchase price (for more than 90
      days) of an asset or service or an obligation to deliver goods or other
      property or provide services paid for in advance by a financier or in
      relation to another financing transaction.

      FURTHER INSTALMENT means any amount requested by the Seller in accordance
      with clause 2.3, or, as the context requires, withdrawn by the Seller
      pursuant to that request.

      FURTHER NOTICE means a notice in the form of Annexure C given under clause
      2.3.

      FUTURE AGREEMENT means an agreement formed between the Seller and the
      Company if the Company accepts the offer made in a Sale Notice.

      FX RESERVE means, on any date, the amount specified as the FX Reserve in
      the most recently delivered Sale Notice or Determination Date Statement.
      The FX Reserve is an amount determined on the basis of the following
      formula:

              NZR
      FXR= (--------) x 10%
            ER x 1.1

      where:

      FXR means the FX Reserve at that date.

      NZR means the NZ Dollar equivalent of the Outstanding Balance of all NZ
      Receivables at that date.

      ER means the Exchange Rate to convert NZ Dollars to Dollars as advised by
      the Agent.

      GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY means any government or any governmental,
      semi-governmental or judicial entity or authority. It also includes any
      self-regulatory organisation established under statute or any stock
      exchange.

      GST LEGISLATION means the A New Tax System (Goods and Services Tax) Act
      1999 or similar legislation and any related regulations.

      GUARANTEE means any guarantee, indemnity, letter of credit, legally
      binding letter of comfort or suretyship, or any other obligation or
      irrevocable offer (whatever called and of whatever nature):

      (a)   to pay or to purchase;

      (b)   to provide funds (whether by the advance of money, the purchase of
            or subscription for shares or other securities, the purchase of
            assets, rights or services, or otherwise) for the payment or
            discharge of;

      (c)   to indemnify against the consequences of default in the payment of;
            or

      (d)   to be responsible otherwise for,

      an obligation or indebtedness of another person, a dividend, distribution,
      capital or premium on shares, stock or other interests, or the insolvency
      or financial condition of another person.

      HARVEY NORMAN means Harvey Norman Holdings Limited ABN 54 003 237 545 and
      its Subsidiaries.

      INDEMNIFIED AMOUNTS means any and all damages, losses, claims, liabilities
      and related costs and expenses including legal costs and expenses on a
      full indemnity basis.

      INDEMNIFIED PARTY means:

                                                                         Page 14

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      (a)   the Agent;

      (b)   the Company;

      (c)   Sydney Corp;

      (d)   Waratah Securities;

      (e)   any of their respective, successors, transferees, participants and
            assigns; or

      (f)   any officer, director, shareholder, controlling person, employee or
            agent of any of the above.

      INFORMATION has the meaning given in clause 18.

      INPUT TAX CREDIT has the meaning given to the term under the GST
      Legislation.

      INSOLVENCY EVENT means in respect of a person:

      (a)   (i)   an administrator of the person is appointed, or any step
                  is taken to appoint or with a view to appointing a statutory
                  manager (including the making of any recommendation in that
                  regard by the Securities Commission) under the Corporations
                  (Investigations and Management) Act 1989 (NZ);

            (ii)  except for the purpose of a solvent reconstruction or
                  amalgamation previously approved by the Agent:

                  (A)   an application or an order is made, proceedings are
                        commenced, a resolution is passed or proposed in a
                        notice of meeting or an application to a court or other
                        steps are taken for:

                        (1)   the winding up, dissolution or administration of
                              the person; or

                        (2)   the person entering into an arrangement,
                              compromise or composition with or assignment for
                              the benefit of its creditors or a class of them;

                        other than frivolous or vexatious applications,
                        proceedings, notices and steps or applications which
                        have been dismissed within 14 days.

                  (B)   the person ceases, suspends or threatens to cease or
                        suspend the conduct of all or substantially all of its
                        business or disposes of or threatens to dispose of
                        substantially all of its assets; or

            (iii) the person is, or under applicable legislation is taken to be,
                  insolvent (other than as the result of a failure to pay a debt
                  or claim the subject of a good faith dispute) or stops or
                  suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a
                  class of its debts;

      (b)   (i)   a receiver, receiver and manager, administrative
                  receiver or similar officer is appointed to;

            (ii)  a Security Interest is enforced over; or

            (iii) a distress, attachment or other execution is levied, or
                  enforced or applied for over,

            all or any of the assets and undertaking of the person unless the
            relevant action is terminated within 7 days;

                                                                         Page 15

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      (c)   in the case of a party to this agreement, without the prior consent
            of the other parties to this agreement, the person:

            (i)   reduces its capital (including a purchase of its shares but
                  excluding a redemption of redeemable shares);

            (ii)  passes a resolution to reduce its capital or to authorise it
                  to purchase its shares or a resolution under section 254N or
                  260B of the Corporations Act 2001 or an equivalent provision,
                  or calls a meeting to consider such a resolution; or

            (iii) applies to a court to call any such meeting or to sanction any
                  such resolution or reduction;

      (d)   anything analogous to anything referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c)
            inclusive, or having substantially similar effect, occurs with
            respect to the person under any overseas law or any law which
            commences or is amended after the date of this agreement.

      INSTALMENT means:

      (a)   at any time in relation to an amount specified in a Sale Notice as
            an Instalment, that amount; and

      (b)   otherwise, an amount actually paid by the Company upon its
            acceptance of an offer in a Sale Notice.

      INSURANCE POLICY means, in respect of a Contract, any trade credit
      insurance policy or other insurance policy relating to the Contract as
      provided by the Seller to the Agent and renewed on such terms as are
      required in the ordinary course of business and consistent with the
      provisions of the Credit and Collection Policy.

      LIQUIDITY FACILITY AGREEMENT means:

      (a)   the Non Concentration Liquidity Facility Agreement; or

      (b)   the Concentration Liquidity Facility Agreement.

      LIQUIDITY LOAN means a loan drawn under a Liquidity Facility Agreement.

      LIQUIDITY PARTICIPANT has the meaning given in a Liquidity Facility
      Agreement.

      LOSS HORIZON RATIO means, as at the last day of any calendar month, a
      percentage calculated as follows.

            LHR = CR
                  ---
                  AR

            where

            LHR means the Loss Horizon Ratio at that date

            CR means the aggregate of Sales (as used in the definition of, and
            in calculating, DSO) for that month and the previous five months.

            AR means the Net Pool Balance less the aggregate of:

            (a)   the Outstanding Balance of all Overdue Receivables;

            (b)   the Outstanding Balance of all Receivables Ineligible for
                  Funding; and

                                                                         Page 16

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

            (c)   the Outstanding Balance of all Charge-Off Receivables.

      LOSS RATIO means, at any date, the highest 3 month rolling average Default
      Ratio for any month during the 12 full calendar months preceding that date
      (and, where that date is the last day of the month, including that month),
      expressed as a percentage.

      MANDATE LETTER means the letter to Guy Freeland from Vinod Muthanna and
      Tim Smith dated 25 February 2004.

      MARKETABLE SECURITY has the meaning given to SECURITIES in the
      Corporations Act 2001, but also includes:

      (a)   an undertaking referred to in the exceptions in paragraphs (a), (b)
            and (d) of the definition of debenture in the Corporations Act 2001;

      (b)   a unit or other interest in trust or partnership

      (c)   a negotiable instrument; and

      (d)   a right or an option in respect of a Marketable Security, whether
            issued or unissued, including any of the above.

      MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT means, with respect to any event or circumstance,
      a material adverse effect on:

      (a)   the ability of the Servicer or the Seller to perform its obligations
            under any Transaction Document;

      (b)   the validity, enforceability or collectability of this agreement, a
            Future Agreement, 10% or more of the Purchased Receivables or any
            Contract relating to 10% or more of the Purchased Receivables; or

      (c)   the status, existence, perfection or priority of the Company's
            interest in 10% or more of the Purchased Receivables.

      MOODY'S means Moody's Investor Services Inc. and its affiliates.

      NET POOL BALANCE means, at any time, an amount equal to the aggregate of
      the Outstanding Balance of all Purchased Receivables at that time.

      NON CONCENTRATION LIQUIDITY FACILITY AGREEMENT means the liquidity
      facility agreement dated on or about the date of this agreement between
      the Company, as borrower, Westpac as Servicing Agent for the Company and
      as Liquidity Agent, and the Liquidity Participants entered into in
      connection with this agreement.

      NON-CONCENTRATION OBLIGORS means Obligors who are not Concentration
      Obligors.

      NON-RECEIVABLES BANK ACCOUNT means a bank account owned and controlled by
      the Seller or an Approved Originator which is not a Collection Account.

      NZ APPROVED ORIGINATOR means Tech Pacific (N.Z.) Limited or any other New
      Zealand incorporated subsidiary of the Seller that the Agent approves of
      as an NZ Approved Originator from time to time.

      NZ COLLECTION ACCOUNT means the account in the name of Tech Pacific (N.Z.)
      Limited with Account Number [Intentionally omitted] or such other account
      approved by the Agent.

      NZ DOLLARS means the currency of New Zealand.

                                                                         Page 17

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      NZ ORIGINATOR POWER OF ATTORNEY means a power of attorney entered into by
      a NZ Approved Originator substantially in the form set out in Annexure G.

      NZ RECEIVABLE means a Receivable originated by an NZ Approved Originator
      excluding any right to payment of interest, finance or late payment
      charges payable by the relevant Obligor in respect of that Receivable.

      OBLIGOR means a person obligated to make payments in respect of a
      Receivable.

      ORIGINAL BALANCE means, at the time, a Purchased Receivable is offered for
      sale, the then unpaid amount payable (whether actually or contingently)
      under that Receivable.

      ORIGINATOR GUARANTEE means a Guarantee by the Approved Originators of the
      obligations of the Seller and the Servicer under this agreement.

      OUTSTANDING BALANCE means, at any time, in relation to:

      (a)   any Purchased Receivable, the amount then owing and unpaid (whether
            or not then due and payable) under the Purchased Receivable;

      (b)   any NZ Receivable, the amount then owing and unpaid (whether or not
            then due and payable) under the Purchased Receivable converted into
            Dollars at the applicable Exchange Rate at that time; and

      (c)   any Receivable Ineligible for Funding, the amount recorded in the
            Accounts Receivable Trial Balance in respect of that Receivable
            Ineligible for Funding.

      OVERDUE RECEIVABLE means a Purchased Receivable (other than any Receivable
      Ineligible for Funding or Charge-Off Receivable) that remains unpaid for
      more than 60 days past the due date for payment of that Purchased
      Receivable.

      PERMITTED SECURITY INTEREST means any Security Interest created in favour
      of the Seller or the Company by virtue of either:

      (a)   the transfer of NZ Receivables by the NZ Approved Originator to the
            Seller; or

      (b)   the transfer of NZ Receivables by the Seller to the Company.

      PERSONAL INFORMATION means any personal information in relation to an
      Obligor as that term is defined in the Privacy Act 1988 that is provided
      to the Company or the Agent.

      POOL OF RECEIVABLES means all of the Receivables referred to in any one
      Sale Notice or Further Notice.

      POTENTIAL EARLY AMORTISATION EVENT means any event which, with the giving
      of notice or lapse of time, or both, would become an Early Amortisation
      Event.

      PPSA means the Personal Property Securities Act 1999 (NZ).

      PPSR means the Personal Property Securities Register established by the
      PPSA.

      PREPAYMENT AMOUNT means, on any date, an amount (reasonably determined by
      the Agent) to be the aggregate of:

      (a)   the Program Margin multiplied by the Company's Investment until the
            Company's Investment has been fully and finally repaid; and

                                                                         Page 18

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      (b)   the projected amount of any Unused Limit Fee Amount which will be
            payable by the Seller to the Company on the basis that the Company's
            Investment is $0 for the period commencing on the expected date the
            Company's Investment becomes $0 and ending on the date which is the
            anniversary immediately following the Commitment Termination Date or
            as agreed between the Seller and the Agent in the Fee Letter. It
            excludes the amount of any Program Margin which has not yet accrued.

      PROGRAM CHANGE means any change in, any making of, or any change in the
      interpretation or application of, or compliance with any change in, any
      law, official directive or request. A Program Change includes:

      (a)   any law, official directive or request with respect to taxation (but
            not including changes in respect of Taxes upon or measured by net
            income or capital gain) or reserve, liquidity, capital adequacy,
            special deposit or similar requirements; and

      (b)   any official directive or request of the Reserve Bank of Australia,
            APRA or any other Governmental Agency which does not have the force
            of law where it is the practice of responsible persons in the
            position of the Company, Waratah Securities or Sydney Corporation to
            comply with it.

      PROGRAM COSTS means, for any Remittance Date, the amount which the Agent
      certifies in good faith is necessary to compensate the Company, Waratah
      Securities or Sydney Corp for the relevant Collection Period for:

      (a)   any cost attributable to goods and services or similar tax that the
            Company, Waratah Securities or Sydney Corp incurs an obligation to
            pay in respect of any payment under any Related Agreement, reduced
            by any Input Tax Credit or Reduced Input Tax Credit to which the
            Company, Waratah Securities or Sydney Corp is entitled in respect of
            that payment; or

      (b)   any of the following as a result of a Program Change:

            (i)   any reduction, direct or indirect, in the amount of any
                  payment made or payable by or for the account of the Company,
                  Waratah Securities or Sydney Corp or received by any of them
                  in connection with this agreement or any Future Agreement;

            (ii)  any reduction, direct or indirect, in the effective return of
                  the Company, Waratah Securities or Sydney Corp in connection
                  with this agreement or any Future Agreement (other than any
                  reduction as a result of an increase in amounts payable by the
                  Company, Waratah Securities or Sydney Corp to another person
                  as a result (direct or indirect) of any change of the rate of
                  GST); or

            (iii) any imposition, direct or indirect, of any cost on the
                  Company, Waratah Securities or Sydney Corp as a result of its,
                  or their, participation in the transactions contemplated by
                  any Transaction Document including, without limitation, its
                  funding any purchase of any Purchased Receivables (other than
                  any cost arising (directly or indirectly) as a result of any
                  change in the rate of GST),

      which reduction or cost occurs, is incurred or first calculated in or in
      respect of that Collection Period. If the increased cost or reduction is
      indirect, the Program Cost is the proportion which the Agent reasonably
      determines to be fairly attributable to the purchase of any Purchased
      Receivables under this agreement.

                                                                         Page 19

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      The Program Costs:

            (A)   include any increased cost or reduction which arises because
                  the Company, Waratah Securities or Sydney Corp is restricted
                  in its capacity to enter into other transactions, or is
                  required to make a payment, or forgoes or earns reduced
                  interest or other return on any capital or any sum calculated
                  by reference in any way to the amount of any amount paid or
                  payable or received or receivable under any Transaction
                  Document or allocates capital to any such sum; but

            (B)   exclude any amount which was caused solely and directly by the
                  Company permitting Sydney Corp to issue Commercial Paper Notes
                  in the US commercial paper market at a time when the Company
                  actually knows or ought to know that payments in respect of
                  those Commercial Paper Notes (or the related payments under
                  the SPV Loan Agreement between the Company and Sydney Corp)
                  will be liable to Australian interest withholding tax.

      PROGRAM MARGIN means the percentage per annum referred to in the Fee
      Letter, as amended thereafter by mutual agreement between the Seller and
      the Agent.

      PROGRAM OUTSTANDINGS means on any date the sum of:

      (a)   the Dollar amount of the proceeds received under the relevant SPV
            Loan Agreement by, or on behalf of, the Company from the issue of
            Commercial Paper Notes by Waratah Securities; and

      (b)   the Dollar equivalent of US dollar proceeds received under the
            relevant SPV Loan Agreement by, or on behalf of, the Company from
            the issue of Commercial Paper Notes by Sydney Corp,

      which on that date are on issue and not due to be repaid on that date,
      provided that the Program Outstandings at any time will not exceed the
      Company's Investment at that time.

      The Dollar equivalent of an amount on any date is calculated on that date
      at the spot exchange rate which was used to exchange the US dollar
      proceeds into Dollars.

      PURCHASE means the purchase made under a Future Agreement upon acceptance
      of the offer in a Sale Notice given in accordance with this agreement (if
      the offer in that Sale Notice is accepted).

      PURCHASE BASE at any time means the sum of the Outstanding Balance of all
      Purchased Receivables and Total Insurance Recoveries as at the immediately
      preceding Determination Date, less the aggregate amount of:

      (a)   the Required Reserve at that time;

      (b)   the Outstanding Balance of all Overdue Receivables as at that
            Determination Date;

      (c)   the Outstanding Balance of all Receivables Ineligible for Funding as
            at that Determination Date; and

      (d)   the Outstanding Balance of all Charge-Off Receivables as at that
            Determination Date.

      PURCHASE DATE means the Business Day on which the Agent receives a Sale
      Notice or Further Notice from the Seller.

                                                                         Page 20

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      PURCHASE LIMIT means $200,000,000, as reduced under clause 2.8, or as
      otherwise agreed by the Seller, the Company and the Agent.

      PURCHASED INTEREST means on any date, the percentage calculated as
      follows.

            PI=CI
               --
               PB

            Where

            PI    means the Purchased Interest as at that date

            CI    means the Company's Investment as at that date

            PB    means the Purchase Base as at that date

      PURCHASED RECEIVABLE means any Receivables and Related Agreements which
      are offered for sale by the Seller in a Sale Notice accepted by the
      Company, including those Receivables and Related Agreements that are
      identified in a Computer Disk or ledger subsequently given by the Seller
      to the Company pursuant to the Future Agreement formed upon the acceptance
      of the offer in that Sale Notice.

      RATING AGENCY means Moody's and/or S&P (as applicable).

      RATING MULTIPLE means 2.25, or such other multiple as is agreed between
      the Company, the Agent and the Seller and affirmed by the Rating Agencies.

      RECEIVABLE means any right, title, benefit and interest (present or
      future) in, to, under or derived from a Contract, including the purchase
      price payable under that Contract but excluding, in the case of any
      Contract originated by an NZ Approved Originator, any right to payment of
      interest, finance or late payment charges payable under that Contract.

      RECEIVABLES INELIGIBLE FOR FUNDING means any Purchased Receivables or
      other items which are noted in the Accounts Receivable Trail Balance as
      being "Delinquent", "HIH", "Other specific", "Legals", "Pre legal /
      payment plans", "Inter co / other" and "VEMS" (other than any Overdue
      Receivable or Charge-Off Receivable).

      REDUCED INPUT TAX CREDIT means an Input Tax Credit for a reduced credit
      acquisition (as defined in the GST Legislation).

      RELATED AGREEMENT means any Guarantee, mortgage, charge, encumbrance,
      lien, trade credit insurance policy or other agreement or arrangement of
      whatever character from time to time supporting or securing payment of
      each Receivable whether pursuant to any Contract related to such
      Receivable or otherwise and, in respect of a Receivable, includes the
      rights of the Seller under the Approved Originator Sale Notice for the
      relevant Approved Originator in relation to that or otherwise, but does
      not include:

      (a)   a Guarantee facility deed or chattel mortgage given by an Obligor
            where that deed or mortgage is expressed to secure obligations of
            the Obligor in addition to a Receivable; or

      (b)   any Guarantee, mortgage, charge, encumbrance, lien or other
            agreement or arrangement where the relevant Obligor is resident in
            Queensland, or the property the subject thereof is situated in
            Queensland, or where a transfer of it by means of a Future Agreement
            would be subject to ad valorem stamp duty.

                                                                         Page 21

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      RELATED CORPORATION has the meaning given to RELATED BODY CORPORATE in the
      Corporations Act 2001.

      REMITTANCE DATE means:

      (a)   the 25th day of each month or as otherwise agreed between the Agent
            and the Seller; or

      (b)   if an Early Amortisation Event has occurred and is subsisting , such
            other date or dates selected by the Agent, notice of which is given
            to the Servicer.

      REQUIRED RESERVE means on any date, the amount equal to the aggregate of:

      (a)   the Discount Reserve;

      (b)   the Credit Reserve;

      (c)   the Dilution Reserve;

      (d)   the Concentration Reserve; and

      (e)   the FX Reserve,

      calculated with reference to the data notified to the Company in the Sale
      Notice or the most recent Determination Date Statement.

      For the avoidance of doubt, the minimum amount of the Required Reserve
      excluding the Concentration Reserve is at least 15% of the Outstanding
      Balance of all performing Purchased Receivables which are referable to
      Non-Concentration Obligors, calculated as follows:

      (a)   Outstanding Balance of all Purchased Receivables, less

      (b)   the aggregate of:

            (i)   the Outstanding Balance of all Overdue Receivables;

            (ii)  the Outstanding Balance of all Receivables Ineligible for
                  Funding;

            (iii) the Outstanding Balance of all Charge-Off Receivables; and

            (iv)  the Outstanding Balance of all Purchased Receivables which are
                  referable to Concentration Obligors.

      RESERVE means the Credit Reserve, the Dilution Reserve, the Discount
      Reserve, the Concentration Reserve, or the FX Reserve as they relate to
      the Required Reserve.

      RETENTION AMOUNT means, for any Remittance Date, the sum of each amount
      calculated for each day during the relevant Yield Period on the basis of
      the following formula:

      (a)   the Company's Investment on that day multiplied by the Program
            Margin multiplied by 1/365, plus

      (b)   to the extent that the Company's Investment is less than 80% of the
            Purchase Base, the difference between the Purchase Base and the
            Company's Investment on that day multiplied by the Unused Limit Fee
            multiplied by 1/365.

      RPA COMMITMENT means the Company's obligation to purchase Receivables
      under any Future Agreement.

      S&P means Standard and Poor's Ratings Group.

                                                                         Page 22

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      SALE NOTICE means a notice substantially in the form of Annexure A Part 1
      or in such other form as the Company and the Seller may agree but
      otherwise complying with clause 2.1.

      SCHEDULED COMMITMENT TERMINATION DATE means 26 June 2008.

      SECURITY AGENT has the same meaning given in the Definitions Schedule.

      SECURITY INTEREST includes any mortgage, pledge, lien or charge or any
      security or preferential interest or arrangement of any kind or any other
      right of, or arrangement with, any creditor to have its claims satisfied
      in priority to other creditors with, or from the proceeds of, any asset in
      favour of any person other than the Seller, and in the case of any NZ
      Receivable, any security interest (as defined and construed in accordance
      with the PPSA).

      It includes retention of title other than in the ordinary course of
      day-to-day trading and a deposit of money by way of security but it
      excludes a charge or lien arising in favour of a Governmental Agency by
      operation of statute unless there is default in payment of moneys secured
      by that charge or lien.

      SELLER'S AGENT means Tech Pacific Holdings Pty Limited.

      SELLER'S INTEREST means at any time the difference between 100% and the
      Purchased Interest at that time.

      SERVICER means the person designated as the Servicer under each Future
      Agreement from time to time in accordance with clause 9.1.

      SERVICER AMOUNT means, on any date, an amount calculated as follows:

                            D
            SA = SR x CI x ---
                           365

            where

            SA means the Servicer Amount on that date

            SR means the Servicer Rate at that date

            CI means the Company's Investment as at that date

            D means the number of days from the commencement of the Yield Period
            in which that date falls to that date

      SERVICER FEE means (if at any time the Servicer is not the Seller), on any
      date, the amount of any fee due and payable to the Servicer with respect
      to its servicing role as at that date.

      SERVICER RATE means, at any date, the estimated percentage rate
      representing the cost of employing a Successor Servicer at that date,
      being:

      (a)   at the date of this agreement, 1%; and

      (b)   at any later date, any other percentage agreed by Westpac and the
            Seller to represent that cost and which has been agreed to by the
            Seller's independent auditors and affirmed by the Rating Agencies.

      SERVICER TRANSFER EVENT means any of the events specified in clause 10.1
      so far as they relate to the Servicer.

      SETTLEMENT PERIOD means, in relation to any Purchased Receivables, the
      period specified as such in the Sale Notice (or agreed by the Agent and
      the Seller from time to time) for those Purchased

                                                                         Page 23

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      Receivables, being the period which would commence on the date of the
      Purchase of the relevant Purchased Receivables and which equals the DSO
      calculated on that date.

      However, any Settlement Period which would otherwise end on a day that is
      not a Business Day will end on the next succeeding Business Day.

      SPV LOAN AGREEMENT means:

      (a)   the loan agreement between the Company and Sydney Corp dated 21
            September 1994; or

      (b)   the loan agreement between the Company and Waratah Securities dated
            28 November 1995.

      SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT means the agreement between Techpac Holdings
      Limited, UBS Capital Markets Australia Limited, UBS Australia Limited, UBS
      Nominees Pty Limited and other dated 26 June 2003, as amended.

      SUBSIDIARY has the meaning in the Corporations Act 2001.

      SUCCESSOR NOTICE means a notice from the Agent to the Seller appointing a
      new Servicer for the purpose of each Future Agreement in accordance with
      clause 9.3.

      SUCCESSOR SERVICER means a new Servicer appointed under clause 9.3.

      SUPPLIER'S SECURITY INTEREST means any Security Interest in favour of a
      supplier to a NZ Approved Originator in respect of which any Purchased
      Receivable constitutes proceeds of any goods so originally supplied to
      that NZ Approved Originator by that supplier, and includes any such
      Security Interest subsequently transferred by that supplier to another
      person.

      SWAP AGREEMENT means the ISDA Master Agreement, Schedule and confirmation
      between Westpac and the Company relating to exchange of NZ Dollars and
      Dollars under the transactions contemplated under this agreement pursuant
      to clause 10.3 to enable the Company to hedge its exposure to NZ Dollars
      for expected receipts in NZ Dollars.

      SYDNEY CORP means Sydney Capital Corporation, Inc., a Delaware
      incorporated company.

      TAX includes any tax (including under the GST Legislation), levy, impost,
      deduction, charge, rate, duty, compulsory loan or withholding which is
      levied or imposed by a Governmental Agency, and any related interest,
      penalty, charge, fee or other amount but excludes income tax.

      TOTAL INSURANCE RECOVERIES means the amount equal to the aggregate of all
      payments received under Insurance Policies in respect of Purchased
      Receivables.

      TRANSACTION DOCUMENT means:

      (a)   this agreement;

      (b)   any Future Agreement;

      (c)   the Originator Guarantee;

      (d)   any Approved Originator Sale Notice from an Approved Originator to
            the Seller or any Sale Notice;

      (e)   the Swap Agreement;

      (f)   the Deeds of Release;

                                                                         Page 24

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      (g)   any other document entered into by the Seller or the Servicer (for
            so long as the Servicer is the Seller or an Associate of the Seller)
            and an Indemnified Party arising out of or related to this
            agreement, any Future Agreement, or the ownership or funding of any
            Purchased Receivables or in respect of any Receivable or Contract;

      (h)   a document or agreement entered into or provided by the Seller or
            the Servicer (for so long as the Servicer is the Seller or an
            Associate of the Seller) under or in connection with, or for the
            purpose of amending or novating any of the above; or

      (i)   any other document or agreement entered into by the Company or the
            Agent and any successor Servicer appointed under clause 9.3 in
            relation to any of the above.

      UNUSED LIMIT FEE means the percentage per annum referred to in the Fee
      Letter, as amended from time to time by mutual agreement between the
      Seller and Westpac.

      UNUSED LIMIT FEE AMOUNT means for any day that an Unused Limit Fee is
      applied, the product of:

      (a)   $150,000,000;

      (b)   the Unused Limit Fee; and

      (c)   1/365.

      WARATAH SECURITIES means Waratah Securities Australia Limited.

      WOOLWORTHS means Woolworths Limited ACN 000 014 675 and its Subsidiaries.

      YIELD PERIOD means with respect to any Purchased Receivables:

      (a)   the period which commences on the date of the Purchase of a
            Receivable and ending on the Remittance Date set out in the relevant
            Sale Notice (or such other period as agreed by the Agent); and

      (b)   after the initial period, each period which commences on the last
            day of the immediately preceding Yield Period and ending on the next
            Remittance Date (or such other period as agreed by the Agent);

      however,

      (c)   any Yield Period which would otherwise end on a day that is not a
            Business Day will end on the next succeeding Business Day; and

      (d)   any Yield Period which commences before the Commitment Termination
            Date and would otherwise end after the Commitment Termination Date,
            shall end on the Commitment Termination Date and each subsequent
            Yield Period for such Purchased Receivables will be of a duration
            selected by the Agent,

      provided that no Yield Period will exceed 100 days.

1.2   INTERPRETATION

      In this agreement the following rules apply unless the context requires
      otherwise.

      (a)   The singular includes the plural and the converse.

      (b)   A gender includes all genders.

      (c)   Where a word or phrase is defined, its other grammatical forms have
            a corresponding meaning.

                                                                         Page 25

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      (d)   Headings are for convenience only and do not affect interpretation.

      (e)   A reference to a person, corporation, trust, partnership,
            unincorporated body or other entity includes any of the foregoing.

      (f)   A reference to a clause, annexure or Schedule is a reference to a
            clause of, or annexure or schedule to, this agreement containing
            that reference.

      (g)   A reference to a party to this agreement or another agreement or
            document includes the party's successors and permitted substitutes
            or assigns.

      (h)   A reference to an agreement or document is to the agreement or
            document as amended, novated, supplemented or replaced from time to
            time, except to the extent prohibited by this agreement.

      (i)   A reference to legislation or to a provision of legislation includes
            a modification or re-enactment of it, a legislative provision
            substituted for it and a regulation or statutory instrument issued
            under it.

      (j)   A reference to WRITING includes a facsimile transmission and any
            means of reproducing words in a tangible and permanently visible
            form.

      (k)   A reference to conduct includes, without limitation, an omission,
            statement or undertaking, whether or not in writing.

      (l)   A reference to an ASSET includes any real or personal, present or
            future, tangible or intangible property or asset and any right,
            interest, revenue or benefit in, under or derived from the property
            or asset.

      (m)   A reference to liquidation includes appointment of an administrator
            under Part 5.3A of the Corporations Act 2001, compromise,
            arrangement, merger, amalgamation, reconstruction, winding up,
            dissolution, assignment for the benefit of creditors, scheme,
            composition or arrangement with creditors, insolvency, bankruptcy or
            a similar procedure or, where applicable, changes in the
            constitution of any partnership or person or death.

      (n)   A reference to time is a reference to Sydney time.

      (o)   Mentioning anything after INCLUDE, INCLUDES or INCLUDING does not
            limit what else might be included.

      (p)   In clauses 2.4-2.7, the expressions 'account receivable', 'chattel
            paper', 'financing statement', 'new value', 'personal property',
            'possession', 'proceeds', 'purchase money security interest',
            'secured party', 'security interest' and 'transfer' have the
            respective meanings given to them under, or in the context of, the
            PPSA.

2.    RPA COMMITMENT

2.1   SALE NOTICES

      (a)   Before delivering a Sale Notice, the Seller's Agent shall contact
            the Agent to discuss the proposed Purchase Base, the proposed
            Company's Investment, the proposed Instalment, the proposed
            Reserves, the proposed Settlement Period and the proposed Yield
            Period.

                                                                         Page 26

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      (b)   Subject to clauses 2.1(e) and 6 the Seller may offer to sell a Pool
            of Receivables and the Related Agreements from time to time to the
            Company by delivering a Sale Notice to the Company during the period
            from the date of this agreement to the Commitment Termination Date.
            A Sale Notice must relate to all Receivables at the relevant date.

      (c)   Any Sale Notice given under this agreement shall (unless otherwise
            agreed by the parties in writing) be delivered to the Company not
            later than 11:00 a.m. on the third Business Day before the date of
            the proposed Purchase (which must also be a Business Day). Each Sale
            Notice shall annex to it an Accounts Receivable Trial Balance and
            shall:

            (i)   specify the proposed Purchase Date, Remittance Date,
                  Settlement Period and Yield Period;

            (ii)  specify the then Outstanding Balance of the Pool of
                  Receivables offered for purchase that will apply if that Sale
                  Notice is accepted;

            (iii) specify the proposed Instalment which would be payable by the
                  Company in respect of the Pool of Receivables so offered for
                  purchase if the Company were to accept the Seller's offer as
                  contained in the Sale Notice;

            (iv)  specify the Company's Investment that will apply if that Sale
                  Notice is accepted;

            (v)   specify the Reserves that will apply if that Sale Notice is
                  accepted;

            (vi)  specify the Net Pool Balance and Purchased Interest that will
                  apply if that Sale Notice is accepted; and

            (vii) specify such other information as required in clause 4 of any
                  Sale Notice.

      (d)   The Seller shall certify in a Sale Notice whether or not the limit
            in clause 2.2 would be breached if the Company purchased the Pool of
            Receivables described in that Sale Notice.

      (e)   An offer in a Sale Notice is irrevocable during the period up to and
            including the Expiry Time of that Sale Notice.

      (f)   The Seller is not obliged to offer for sale to the Company any
            Receivables and related rights, and the Company is not obliged to
            accept any offer for sale of any Receivables and Related Agreements
            made by the Seller. The Company will however act reasonably in
            considering whether to accept a Sale Notice.

      (g)   The Company may accept the offer contained in a Sale Notice at any
            time prior to the Expiry Time by, and only by, the payment by the
            Company to the Seller (or as it directs) of the Instalment in the
            manner described in clause 2.1(i). Upon receipt of a Sale Notice, if
            the Company decides not to accept that Sale Notice it will notify
            the Seller's Agent orally of that decision within 24 hours of
            receipt of that Sale Notice.

      (h)   Notwithstanding satisfaction of all relevant conditions precedent or
            any negotiations undertaken between the Seller's Agent and the
            Company prior to the Company accepting the offer contained in a Sale
            Notice, the Company is not obliged to accept the offer contained in
            a Sale Notice and no contract for the sale or purchase of any
            Receivables or Related Agreements detailed in a Sale Notice will
            arise unless and until the Company accepts the offer contained in
            the Sale Notice in accordance with this clause. The offer contained
            in a Sale Notice may only be accepted in relation to all the
            Receivables detailed in the Sale Notice.

                                                                         Page 27

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      (i)   If the Company wishes to accept a Sale Notice in the manner
            specified in clause 2.1(g), it will (unless another method of
            payment is agreed between the Seller and the Company) make payment
            of the Instalment (being a non-refundable payment representing part
            of the purchase price for the Purchased Receivables) as specified in
            the Sale Notice on the Purchase Date in Dollars in immediately
            available funds to such bank account in Australia as the Seller may
            specify in writing.

      (j)   If the offer contained in a Sale Notice is accepted, the Company
            shall be taken to have undertaken to the Seller to pay to the Seller
            as further consideration for the purchase of the Purchased
            Receivables:

            (i)   an amount equal to the Collections allocated under clause
                  4.1(b)(ii) in respect of the Purchased Receivables; and

            (ii)  an amount equal to any Collections under clause 4.1(c)(v) in
                  respect of the Purchased Receivables.

      (k)   Nothing in clauses 2.1(j) or 4.2 or any other provision of any
            Transaction Document confers on the Seller any right or interest in
            any Receivable, Related Agreement or Collections (other than in each
            case as trustee), each party acknowledging that no Security Interest
            arises from a Purchase (other than a Permitted Security Interest, if
            any) and that each Purchase constitutes an equitable assignment that
            is absolute and not by way of security (other than a Permitted
            Security Interest).

      (l)   Subject to this agreement, the purchase price for the Purchased
            Receivables shall be an amount equal to their Outstanding Balances.
            The purchase price shall be satisfied by the payment of the
            Instalments, the Further Instalments, and the Seller's Interest in
            Collections and release of the Reserves to the Seller in accordance
            with clause 4. The Seller's Interest is a means by which the parties
            determine the share of Collections to which the Seller is entitled
            as part of the deferred purchase price. It does not constitute an
            equitable interest in the Purchased Receivables.

2.2   LIMIT

      Under no circumstances shall the Company make a Purchase or pay an
      Instalment or Further Instalment to the extent that, after giving effect
      to the Purchase or paying the Instalment or Further Instalment, the
      Company's Investment would exceed the lesser of:

      (a)   the Purchase Limit; and

      (b)   the Purchase Base.

2.3   FURTHER INSTALMENTS

      (a)   The Seller shall be entitled to request payments from the Company
            (either from the relevant Collection Accounts or other applicable
            accounts) not more than once a week in an amount (a FURTHER
            INSTALMENT) not exceeding the amount equal to the Purchase Base less
            the Company's Investment.

      (b)   The Reserves shall not be recalculated between Remittance Dates for
            the purposes of determining the entitlement of the Seller to Further
            Instalments.

      (c)   The Seller may only request a Further Instalment if:

                                                                         Page 28

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

            (i)   the conditions precedent in clause 6.2 are satisfied; and

            (ii)  it has given to the Agent a FURTHER NOTICE in the form of
                  Annexure C and satisfied the Agent it is entitled to request
                  the Further Instalment.

      (d)   Subject to clause 2.3(c),

            (i)   NZ Collections can be paid to the NZ Approved Originator on
                  account for the Seller, up to the amount of the Outstanding
                  Balance of NZ Receivables that have been originated since the
                  immediately preceding Instalment or Further Instalment was
                  paid; and

            (ii)  Collections in Dollars can be paid to the Australian Approved
                  Originator or the Seller, up to the amount of the Outstanding
                  Balance of Australian Receivables that have been originated
                  since the immediately preceding Instalment or Further
                  Instalment was paid.

2.4   SECURITY INTEREST

      In respect of any NZ Receivable that is transferred to the Company under
      and in accordance with a Future Agreement, the parties agree and
      acknowledge that:

      (a)   the transfer is a deemed security interest under the PPSA governed
            by the PPSA, which arises by virtue of the transfer to the Company
            of that NZ Receivable by the Seller under and in accordance with a
            Sales Notice;

      (b)   the purchase agreements contemplated by each Sale Notice are
            intended to operate so that the Seller and the Company will at all
            times be able to prove that, in respect of each relevant NZ
            Receivable that is an account receivable, the sale in equity of that
            NZ Receivable constitutes a transfer for which new value was
            provided by the Company for and in respect of the acquisition of
            that NZ Receivable; and

      (c)   the security interest referred to in clause 2.4(a) will have been
            perfected by the registration of a financing statement on the PPSR
            against the Seller in respect of all of the Seller's present and
            after acquired accounts receivable, chattel paper and other present
            and after acquired personal property that are Purchased Receivables;

      (d)   nothing in clauses 2.4-2.6, or anything else in or contemplated by
            the Transaction Documents, is intended to create or imply that the
            sale of any Receivable under a Future Agreement is anything other
            than an absolute assignment of the Seller's rights and interest in
            those Receivables to the Company. In particular, it is not a secured
            or unsecured loan.

2.5   REGISTRATION ON PPSR

      (a)   The Seller agrees and acknowledges that, in relation to NZ
            Receivables to be transferred from the Seller to the Company, the
            Company will register a financing statement in relation to the NZ
            Receivables under the PPSA:

            (i)   describing the collateral to which it relates as 'All of the
                  debtor's present and after acquired accounts receivable,
                  chattel paper and any other present and after acquired
                  personal property being "Purchased Receivables" as defined in
                  the Receivables Purchase Agreement between the debtor, Waratah
                  Receivables Corporation Pty Limited and Westpac Banking
                  Corporation dated 21 June 2004';

                                                                         Page 29

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

            (ii)  describing the proceeds of that collateral as 'All present and
                  after acquired personal property being proceeds of the
                  collateral described in this financing statement'; and

            (iii) with the secured party group being the Company and the debtor
                  being the Seller.

2.6   PPSA PROVISIONS

      (a)   PART 9 PROVISIONS: The parties to this agreement acknowledge that it
            is their intention that the provisions contained in Part 9 of the
            PPSA do not apply to the NZ Receivables transferred to the Company
            pursuant to a Future Agreement. However, if at law this is not the
            case and in respect of any other security interest created by this
            agreement:

            (i)   any power to sell any of the NZ Receivables, whether conferred
                  by this agreement or otherwise, may be exercised without the
                  need to give the Seller any notice of the kind that is
                  referred to in section 114 of the PPSA and, if any of the NZ
                  Receivables are sold at any time, the Company is not required
                  to give the statement referred to in section 116 of the PPSA;
                  and

            (ii)  the Seller acknowledges that it is not entitled by section 117
                  of the PPSA except to the extent otherwise provided by this
                  agreement to any surplus amounts which may result from any
                  sale at any time.

      (b)   VERIFICATION STATEMENT: The Seller waives the right to receive a
            copy of the verification statement confirming registration of a
            financing statement or financing change statement relating to the
            security interest under this agreement.

2.7   EXTENSION

      (a)   (SCHEDULED COMMITMENT TERMINATION DATE)

            (i)   If the Seller wants an extension of the Scheduled Commitment
                  Termination Date, it shall give a written request to the Agent
                  by 26 June 2007 or as otherwise agreed between Seller and
                  Agent. If the Company agrees, it shall give a written notice
                  of acceptance to the Seller 60 days after the request has been
                  delivered to the Agent.

            (ii)  The Scheduled Commitment Termination Date may be extended by
                  the Company for a further period if it is satisfied with the
                  proposed fees and margins.

      (b)   (CONCENTRATION TERM)

            (i)   If the Seller's Agent wants an extension of the Concentration
                  Term in respect of a Concentration Obligor on the first or any
                  subsequent anniversary of this agreement it shall give a
                  written request to the Agent at least 60 days before the
                  relevant anniversary.

            (ii)  If requested by the Seller's Agent to do so, the Agent shall
                  procure that the Concentration Term is extended by the
                  relevant Liquidity Participants on the first or any subsequent
                  anniversary of this agreement for a further period of one year
                  or such longer period if they are satisfied with the proposed
                  fees and margins.

2.8   VOLUNTARY TERMINATION OF RPA COMMITMENT OR REDUCTION OF PURCHASE LIMIT

      Subject to clause 5.4, the Seller may, upon at least five Business Days'
      notice to the Agent, terminate the RPA Commitment in whole or reduce in
      part the unused portion of the Purchase Limit, however:

                                                                         Page 30

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      (a)   each partial reduction shall be in an amount equal to $5,000,000 or
            an integral multiple of $5,000,000; and

      (b)   after giving effect to such reduction, the remaining Purchase Limit,
            in accordance with this agreement, will not be less than
            $10,000,000.

2.9   LIQUIDITY AVAILABILITY

      (a)   The Company will consider for acceptance, in accordance with this
            agreement, any Sale Notice if:

            (i)   the Commitment Termination Date has not occurred; and

            (ii)  to the extent that the Company is able to draw amounts under
                  the Liquidity Facility Agreements equal to the relevant
                  Instalment.

      (b)   The Agent and the Company represent and warrant to the Seller that
            under the Liquidity Facility Agreements funds may be drawn down to
            fund the acquisition of Receivables by the Company. The Company
            shall not be obliged to draw down under the Liquidity Facility
            Agreements if it is able to drawdown under a SPV Loan Agreement.

      (c)   The Agent and the Company represent and warrant to the Seller that
            the term of the commitment under the Non Concentration Liquidity
            Facility Agreement shall be 2 years from the date the Non
            Concentration Liquidity Facility Agreement is signed, and that term
            of commitment can be extended on an annual basis as agreed between
            the parties to the Non Concentration Liquidity Facility Agreement.

2.10  SELLER OBLIGATIONS UPON RPA TERMINATION

      Subject to clause 3.3, and provided that all amounts actually or
      contingently owed to the Company by the Seller and the Servicer (in the
      case of the Servicer, whilst the Servicer is the Seller or an Associate of
      the Seller) under the Transaction Documents have been paid in full and all
      outstanding obligations of the Seller and the Servicer (in the case of the
      Servicer, whilst the Servicer is the Seller or an Associate of the Seller)
      under the Transaction Documents have been fulfilled, the Seller and the
      Servicer (in the case of the Servicer, whilst the Servicer is the Seller
      or an Associate of the Seller) shall have no further obligations under the
      Transaction Documents following the termination of the RPA Commitment in
      whole and any remaining interest of the Company in the Receivables is
      extinguished.

2.11  COMMERCIAL PAPER NOTES

      The Company must ensure that it will not enter into a loan under a SPV
      Loan Agreement in relation to the Outstanding Balance of Purchased
      Receivables where the interest payable in relation to the Yield Period for
      that loan exceeds the Discount Reserve calculated with respect to the
      first day of that Yield Period.

2.12  APPOINTMENT OF SELLER'S AGENT

      Each Approved Originator appoints Tech Pacific Holdings Pty Limited to act
      as its agent (the "Seller's Agent") and Tech Pacific Holdings Pty Limited
      has accepted this appointment in respect of:

      (a)   furnishing all requirements to the Company and the Agent as
            requested; and

      (b)   fulfilling all of its obligations and responsibilities pursuant to
            this Agreement.

                                                                         Page 31

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      The Company and the Agent are entitled to assume that the appointment of
      the Seller's Agent hereunder is valid and subsisting, unless and until
      expressly notified in writing that the appointment has been terminated.

3.    COLLECTION

3.1   COLLECTION OF RECEIVABLES

      (a) On each day the Servicer receives payment from an Obligor on account
          of Purchased Receivables included in the Purchase Base, the Servicer
          shall receive those payments on behalf of the Company and shall
          deposit each payment into the relevant Collection Account in
          accordance with the terms of the relevant Collection Account Letter;

      (b) The Servicer undertakes:

         (i)  that on each day the Seller, the Servicer or an Approved
              Originator receives a payment from an Obligor on account of
              Receivables included in the Purchase Base and such a payment
              represents a Collection it receive those payments on behalf of the
              Company; and

         (ii) that each Collection will be deposited into the relevant
              Collection Account in accordance with the terms of the relevant
              Collection Account Letter.

      (c) Pursuant to the Collection Account Letter, on each Business Day and
          subject to an Early Amortisation Event not subsisting, amounts
          standing to the credit of the Collection Account may be remitted to,
          and applied by, the Seller or any Approved Originator at the Seller or
          the Approved Originator's discretion. The Servicer will account for
          all remittances from the Collection Account during the Collection
          Period, to the Company and the Agent, on the relevant Remittance Date
          that follows a Collection Period.

3.2   DEEMED COLLECTIONS

      (a)   Subject to paragraph (e), for the purposes of this agreement:


            (i)   if on any day the Outstanding Balance of any Purchased
                  Receivable is:

                  (A)       reduced or adjusted as a result of any defective,
                            rejected, repossessed or returned goods or services
                            or any cash discount or other adjustment made by the
                            Seller;

                  (B)       reduced or cancelled as a result of a set off or by
                            agreement in respect of any claim by the Obligor or
                            any other person against the Seller, an Approved
                            Originator or any other person (whether such claim
                            arises out of the same or another transaction); or

                  (C)       not paid because of any change in the due date for
                            payment of any such Purchased Receivable otherwise
                            than with the prior consent of the Company,

                  the Seller will be deemed to have received on such day a
                  Collection of such Purchased Receivable in the amount
                  reflected in the books and records of the Seller or the
                  Servicer as the amount of such reduction, adjustment or
                  cancellation,

                                                                         Page 32

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

                  or in relation to paragraph (C), the Outstanding Balance of
                  the Purchased Receivables;

            (ii)  without limiting the generality or effect of any other
                  provision of this agreement if:

                  (A)   a Purchased Receivable is not paid when due;

                  (B)   the Servicer takes all reasonable steps in accordance
                        with the Credit and Collection Policy to collect the
                        Purchased Receivable; and

                  (C)   the Purchased Receivable is not collected in full solely
                        by reason of any facts or circumstances the occurrence
                        of which constitutes a breach of any of the Seller's or
                        the Servicer's (if the Servicer is the Seller or an
                        Associate of the Seller) representations or obligations
                        under this agreement,

                  the Seller will be deemed to have collected an amount equal to
                  the Purchased Receivable (or any uncollected part) at the time
                  that breach is first detected by the Seller (however, for the
                  avoidance of doubt, neither the Seller nor the Servicer
                  guarantees the performance of the Purchased Receivables);

            (iii) if:

                  (A)   a Purchased Receivable together with the Contract or any
                        Related Agreement, is in contravention of any law or
                        with respect to which a party to the Contract related
                        thereto is in violation of any law and the Receivable
                        becomes unenforceable, the Seller will be deemed to have
                        collected an amount equal to the Purchased Receivable
                        (or any uncollected part) at the time that contravention
                        or violation is first detected by the Seller;

                  (B)   (except as otherwise disclosed to the Company in writing
                        by the Seller prior to the date of the relevant Sale
                        Notice) any of the representations or warranties
                        contained in clause 7.1 prove to have been incorrect in
                        relation to a Purchased Receivable when made at the time
                        the Receivables are purchased by the Company, the Seller
                        will be deemed to have received a Collection of such
                        Purchased Receivable equal to its Original Balance less
                        any Collections with respect to that Receivable
                        previously accounted for and applied pursuant to clause
                        4, at the time the relevant circumstances are first
                        detected by the Seller; or

                  (C)   in respect of any Purchased Receivables, the Seller
                        records in any account or ledger maintained by it in
                        respect of the relevant Obligor a payment of that
                        Purchased Receivable (whether by way of crediting that
                        account or ledger or otherwise),

                  then the Seller shall be deemed to have received a Collection
                  equal to that amount at the time the contravention, violation
                  or circumstances (as the case may be) are first detected by
                  the Seller, or at the time such recording is made (unless the
                  Seller has subsequently reversed that record of payment).

                                                                         Page 33

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      (b)   If the Seller is not acting as the Servicer, it will promptly pay to
            the Servicer (to be held by the Servicer in accordance with clause
            9.2) the amount of any deemed Collection pursuant to clause
            3.2(a)(i)-(iii) (inclusive).

      (c)   Any deemed Collection under clause 3.2 will be accounted for and
            applied in accordance with clause 4 on the Remittance Date
            immediately following the date on which that deemed Collection is
            deemed to have occurred.

      (d)   Any Receivable for which there is a deemed Collection under this
            clause 3.2 is deemed not to be an Overdue Receivable, a Receivable
            Ineligible for Funding or Charge-Off Receivable.

      (e)   To the extent that the Seller is required to pay an amount under
            this clause 3.2 as a direct consequence of a Dilution (the DILUTION
            DEEMED COLLECTION), the Seller is only required to pay that part of
            the Dilution Deemed Collection which, when aggregated with all
            previous Dilutions, exceeds the sum of each amount equal to the
            Dilution Reserve calculated on each Purchase Date (assuming for the
            purpose of such calculation that the Purchased Receivables as at
            each Purchase Date comprise only the Pool of Receivables referred to
            in the Sale Notice or Further Notice (as the case may be) given on
            that Purchase Date).

3.3   RETURN OF DISTRIBUTION

      No amount payable in respect of a Purchase or pursuant to the Transaction
      Documents shall be considered paid, and no Company's Investment shall be
      reduced by any distribution of Collections pursuant to the Transaction
      Documents, if at any time such payment or distribution is rescinded by any
      law relating to preferential payments in the event of a bankruptcy or
      insolvency or must otherwise be returned.

3.4   INTERPRETATION

      All references in this agreement to the Seller accounting to the Company
      for Collections made in respect of Purchased Receivables shall mean, in
      relation to deemed Collections where no money may have been actually
      received by the Servicer from, or for the account of, the relevant
      Obligor, the payment by the Seller to the Servicer (to be held by the
      Servicer in accordance with clause 9.2) no later than the time for
      application of deemed Collections specified in clause 3.2(b) of an amount
      or amounts equal to the deemed Collections.

4.    SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES

4.1   SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES FOR ALL COLLECTIONS

      (a)   On:

            (i)   each Remittance Date; or

            (ii)  if an Early Amortisation Event is subsisting, more frequently
                  as the Company (acting reasonably, having regard to the
                  implications for the Seller and the Servicer) may from time to
                  time require,

            the Seller and the Servicer shall account to the Company for
            Collections in respect of Purchased Receivables. Subject to clause
            3.1(a) and (b), Collections in NZ Dollars shall be

                                                                         Page 34

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

            paid into the NZ Collection Account. If an Early Amortisation Event
            occurs, Collections in NZ Dollars shall be converted into Dollars by
            the Company under the Swap Agreement at the applicable Exchange
            Rate. To the extent that Collections have been withdrawn by the
            Seller or any Approved Originator from a Collection Account during
            the relevant Collection Period pursuant to clause 3.1(c), the Seller
            undertakes to pay, or to procure the Approved Originator to pay, to
            the Company an amount equal to the withdrawn Collections on the
            Remittance Date.

      (b)   Collections shall be allocated pari passu and rateably in the
            following proportions:

            (i)   to the Company, the Purchased Interest, for application in
                  accordance with clause 4.1(c);

            (ii)  to the Seller, the Seller's Interest;

            The Company undertakes to the Seller to, at the Company's election:

            (iii) pay the Seller the amount required under clause 2.1(j)(i); or

            (iv)  if the Company does not pay that amount, allow the Servicer to
                  retain (if the Servicer is the Seller or any Associate of the
                  Seller) or to require the Servicer to pay to the Seller (if
                  the Servicer is not the Seller or an Associate of the Seller)
                  Collections equal to the amount allocated under clause
                  4.1(b)(ii), in satisfaction of the Company's liability to the
                  Seller under clause 2.1(j)(i).

      (c)   The Company shall apply amounts received under paragraph (b)(i) in
            the following order:

            (i)   first, if the Seller is not the Servicer and the Servicer Fee
                  is payable, an amount equal to the Servicer Fee;

            (ii)  second, to the Company towards any Carrying Costs ;

            (iii) third, to the Company to pay any other costs, expenses,
                  damages, claims or fees the Company incurs in servicing the
                  Purchased Receivables (including the costs and fees of any
                  replacement Servicer) which have been incurred under clauses
                  9.4 and 9.5;

            (iv)  fourth, subject to reinvestment under clause 2.1(i), to reduce
                  the Company's Investment; and

            (v)   fifth, when the Company's Investment is zero, to the Seller as
                  the balance of the purchase price in accordance with clause
                  4.2.

4.2   DISCHARGE AND RESERVES

      (a)   When the Servicer has received sufficient funds on behalf of the
            Company to reduce the Company's Investment to zero, and no other
            amounts are then due and payable to the Company by the Seller, or
            (if the Servicer is the Seller or an Associate of the Seller) the
            Servicer, under any Transaction Document, the Company undertakes to
            the Seller to, at the Company's election:

            (i)   pay the Seller the amount required under clause 2.1(j)(ii); or

            (ii)  if the Company does not pay that amount, allow the Servicer to
                  retain (if the Servicer is the Seller or an Associate of the
                  Seller) or to require the Servicer to pay

                                                                         Page 35

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

                  to the Seller (if the Servicer is not the Seller or an
                  Associate of the Seller) any Collections remaining after
                  application under clauses 4.1(c)(i) - 4.1(c)(iv), in
                  satisfaction of the Company's liability to the Seller under
                  clause 2.1(j)(ii).

      (b)   Without limiting clauses 4.1(b) and 4.2(a) or the Servicer's
            obligations to the Company under this agreement, the Seller has no
            right to recover or receive all or any part of the Purchased
            Receivables (including any Reserve) or any Collections (other than
            in each case as trustee).

4.3   ADJUSTMENTS TO RESERVES

      On each Purchase Date and Remittance Date, the Company shall, without
      limiting or prejudicing its rights under this agreement, recalculate the
      Required Reserve.

4.4   PAYMENTS AND COMPUTATIONS, ETC.

      (a)   The Seller and the Servicer shall make all payments to the Company
            under a Transaction Document:

            (i)   without set off or counterclaim and without deduction, except
                  any compulsory deduction with respect to Taxation; and

            (ii)  by paying or depositing it in accordance with the terms of the
                  relevant Transaction Document no later than 11.00 am (or such
                  other time as the parties agree in writing) on the day when
                  due in same day funds to such bank account in Australia, or in
                  such other manner as the Company may specify from time to
                  time.

      (b)   All computations of interest and any fees under each Transaction
            Document shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 days for the
            actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the
            last day) elapsed.

      (c)   If any payment is due on a day which is not a Business Day, the due
            date will be the next Business Day in the same calendar month or, if
            none, the preceding Business Day.

4.5   ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS

      Whenever the Seller or the Servicer is obliged to make a deduction in
      respect of Tax from any payment to the Company under any Transaction
      Document:

      (a)   it shall promptly pay the amount deducted to the appropriate
            Governmental Agency;

      (b)   within 30 days of the end of the month in which the deduction is
            made, it shall deliver to the Company official receipts (or, if no
            official receipt issues at such time, promptly after issue of an
            official receipt) or other documentation acceptable to the relevant
            Indemnified Party evidencing payment of that amount; and

      (c)   unless the Tax is a tax on overall net income, it shall pay the
            Company on the due date of the payment any additional amounts
            necessary (as determined by the Company) to ensure that the Company
            receives when due a net amount (after payment of any Taxes in
            respect of those additional amounts) in the relevant currency equal
            to the full amount which it would have received had a deduction not
            been made. It shall indemnify the Company on demand against the Tax
            and any amounts recoverable from the Company in respect of the Tax.

                                                                         Page 36

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      Each of the Seller and the Servicer waives any statutory right to recover
      from the Company any amount paid under this clause.

      The obligations of the Seller and the Servicer under this clause survive
      the repayment of the Company's Investment and the termination of this
      agreement.

4.6   REIMBURSEMENT

      (a)   Whenever:

            (i)   the Seller or the Servicer pays any additional amount under
                  clause 4.5 in respect of deducted Tax; and

            (ii)  the Company (acting reasonably) decides that it has received
                  any clearly identifiable relief for the deducted Tax in
                  computing its income Tax,


            the Company will promptly pay to the Seller or the Servicer (as the
            case may be) the amount of any consequent reduction in its income
            Tax, but only to the extent that it determines that a payment to the
            Seller or the Servicer (as the case may be) can be made without
            prejudice to the retention of the relief.

      (b)   Nothing in paragraph (a) interferes with the right of the Company to
            arrange its tax affairs in any manner it thinks fit. In particular,
            the Company need not claim any relief in respect of deducted Tax in
            priority to any other relief available to it. Nor need it disclose
            to the Seller or the Servicer any information regarding its tax
            affairs or tax computations.

4.7   TREATMENT OF COLLECTIONS

      (a)   Subject to clause 3.1(c), so long as the Seller shall hold any
            Collections required to be paid to the Servicer or the Company, it
            shall hold such Collections on behalf of, and for the account of,
            the Company and shall clearly mark such records as agreed between
            the Company and the Seller in writing to reflect such account.
            However, unless and until the Seller or the Servicer receives a
            notice under clause 9.2(b), the Seller may commingle Collections
            with its other property without being in breach of its fiduciary
            obligations in respect of such Collections.

      (b)   To the extent that the Seller or an Approved Originator has
            identified receipts of monies arising from a Receivable that has
            been excluded from the Purchase Base, it may exclude such receipts
            from the Collections if they are deposited into a Non-Receivables
            Bank Account.

4.8   SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS

      Unless the Commitment Termination Date has occurred, Collections that
      would otherwise be payable to the Company may be applied as payment for
      all or part of any Further Instalment under any Further Notice that is
      payable by the Company on the day the Collections are payable to the
      Company.

4.9   CIRCUMSTANCES WHERE CLAUSES 3 AND 4 BECOME INOPERATIVE

      Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this agreement, the provisions
      of clauses 3 and 4 (other than clauses 3.3, 4.2(a) and 4.9) cease to be
      operative whenever the Company's Investment is zero during the term of
      this agreement.

                                                                         Page 37

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

5.    FEES

5.1   ARRANGER FEE

      The Seller shall to the extent it has not already done so pay to the Agent
      for its own account a one off arranger fee. The arranger fee shall be as
      set out in the Mandate Letter and any unpaid arranger fee shall be payable
      on the date of this agreement.

      If the facility is increased or varied at the request of the Seller the
      Company reserves the right to charge a further establishment or other fee
      in an amount determined by it.

5.2   CHANGES IN LAW

      When there is a change in law that will result in Program Costs the
      Company shall use best endeavours to mitigate the effect of such change in
      law, failing which the Company and the Seller shall negotiate in good
      faith to avoid or reduce the effect of such change. If that also fails the
      Seller shall from time to time pay to the Company upon demand such amounts
      as necessary to compensate the Company for such Program Costs on and from
      the date that they are incurred or suffered. If the Seller requires these
      costs to be verified by an independent accounting firm, they shall only be
      payable to the extent they are so verified.


      The Seller's obligations under this Clause survive the termination of this
      agreement and any Future Agreement.

5.3   PROGRAM COSTS

      The Agent agrees to notify the Seller as soon as it becomes aware of
      Program Costs.

5.4   PREPAYMENT AMOUNT

      If the Commitment Termination Date is a date other than the Scheduled
      Commitment Termination Date, then on the Commitment Termination Date the
      Seller will pay the Prepayment Amount to the Agent.

6.    CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO PURCHASES

6.1   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO INITIAL PURCHASE

      The right of the Seller to give the first Sale Notice shall be subject to
      the Agent having received in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent
      on or before the date such Sale Notice is given:

      (a)   (VERIFICATION CERTIFICATE) a certificate in relation to each of the
            Seller and the Servicer given by a director of the Seller and the
            Servicer respectively substantially in the form of Annexure B with
            the attachments referred to and dated at or about the date such Sale
            Notice is given;

      (b)   (DOCUMENTS) duly executed counterparts of:

            (i)   this agreement;

            (ii)  the Originator Guarantee;

            (iii) both Liquidity Facility Agreements; and

                                                                         Page 38

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

            (iv)  each Collection Account Letter,

            together with a cheque for all relevant stamp duty;

      (c)   (CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICY) a copy of the Credit and Collection
            Policy initialled by the Seller and the Agent;

      (d)   (COMPANY'S LAWYERS' OPINIONS) an opinion of Australian and New
            Zealand legal advisers to the Company and the Agent;

      (e)   (ACCOUNTANT'S CERTIFICATE) an opinion from an auditor that its
            review of the systems of the Seller and the reporting of the
            Receivables is consistent with the Seller's records;

      (f)   (DEED OF RELEASE) evidence satisfactory to the Agent that every
            Chargee releases any claim it may have to any Receivables originated
            by the Seller and each Approved Originator or Collections derived
            from such Receivables, except in relation to the Seller's Interest,
            a Permitted Security Interest or a Supplier's Security Interest;

      (g)   (POWER OF ATTORNEY) each Approved Originator has provided to the
            Agent a power of attorney in a form consistent with clause 12;

      (h)   (SALE TO SELLER) evidence that the relevant Approved Originators
            have equitably assigned to the Seller the Purchased Receivables
            originated by them by way of Approved Originator Sale Notices;

      (i)   (REGISTRATION OF THE COMPANY'S INTEREST OF NZ RECEIVABLES) evidence
            that the relevant financing statements have been registered in
            accordance with the provisions of clause 2.5 by the Company's NZ
            legal advisers; and

      (j)   (DIRECTOR'S CERTIFICATE) a director's certificate from each NZ
            Approved Originator substantially in the form set out in Annexure E.

      (k)   (ENDORSEMENT FROM TRADE CREDIT INSURER) a banker's endorsement from
            the provider of the Insurance Policies in favour of the Company that
            the Company is an insured as described pursuant to the Insurance
            Policies.

6.2   FURTHER CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

      The rights of the Seller to give a Sale Notice or Further Notice and the
      obligations of the Company to pay an Instalment or Further Instalment
      shall be subject to the further conditions precedent that:

      (a)   on the date of giving the Sale Notice or Further Notice or the date
            of payment of the Instalment or Further Instalment the following
            statements shall be true (and the Seller shall, by virtue of giving
            the Sale Notice or Further Notice, or accepting the Instalment or
            Further Instalment be deemed to have certified that):

                                                                         Page 39

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

            (i)   (REPRESENTATIONS TRUE):

                  (A)   the representations and warranties in clause 7.1 in
                        respect of the Seller and, where the Servicer is the
                        Seller or an Associate of the Seller, the Seller and
                        Servicer are, to the best of the Seller's and Servicer's
                        knowledge and belief, true as of such day as though they
                        had been made at that date in respect of the facts and
                        circumstances then subsisting; or

                  (B)   the representations and warranties in clause 7.1 in
                        respect of the Servicer, where the Servicer is not the
                        Seller or an Associate of the Seller, are to the best of
                        the Servicer's knowledge and belief true as of such day
                        as though they had been made at that date in respect of
                        the facts and circumstances then subsisting;

            (ii)  (NO DEFAULT) no event has occurred and is subsisting or would
                  result from the giving of the Sales Notice or Further Notice,
                  or accepting of the Instalment or Further Instalment payment
                  that constitutes an Early Amortisation Event or Potential
                  Early Amortisation Event;

            (iii) (LIMITS) after making the Instalment:

                  (A)   clause 2.2 will not be breached; and

                  (B)   the Net Pool Balance shall equal or exceed the sum of
                        the Company's Investment and the Required Reserves;

      (b)   on or before the date of that Sale Notice or Further Notice or the
            payment of the Instalment or Further Instalment, the Agent has
            received in form and substance to the satisfaction of the Agent:

            (i)   (DETERMINATION DATE STATEMENT) a Determination Date Statement
                  as of the most recent Determination Date;

            (ii)  (RELEASE) to the extent necessary the release from any
                  Security Interest of the Purchased Receivables other than a
                  Permitted Security Interest or a Supplier's Security Interest;
                  and

            (iii) (STAMP DUTY) evidence that the Seller has paid all stamp duty
                  payable in respect of the documents referred to in clause
                  6.1(b) and all transactions under this agreement.

7.    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

      Each of the Seller and the Servicer makes the following representations
      and warranties:

      (a)   (STATUS) It is a corporation validly existing under the laws of the
            place of its incorporation specified in this agreement.

      (b)   (POWER) It has the power to enter into and perform its obligations
            under the Transaction Documents to which it is expressed to be a
            party to carry out the transactions contemplated

                                                                         Page 40

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

            by those documents and to carry on its business substantially as now
            conducted or contemplated.

      (c)   (CORPORATE AUTHORISATIONS) It has taken all necessary corporate
            action to authorise the entry into and performance of the
            Transaction Documents to which it is expressed to be a party and to
            carry out the transactions contemplated by those documents.

      (d)   (DOCUMENTS BINDING) Each Transaction Document to which it is
            expressed to be a party is its valid and binding and enforceable
            obligation in accordance with its terms, subject to any necessary
            stamping and registration, general principles of equity and laws
            relating to insolvency.

      (e)   (TRANSACTIONS PERMITTED) The execution and performance by it of the
            Transaction Documents to which it is expressed to be a party and
            each transaction contemplated under those documents did not and will
            not (as applicable) violate in any respect a provision of:

            (i)   a law or treaty or a judgment, ruling, order or decree of a
                  Governmental Agency binding on it;

            (ii)  any constitution or other constituent documents; or

            (iii) any other document or agreement which is binding on it or its
                  assets,

            and, except as provided or permitted by the Transaction Documents,
            did not and will not:

            (iv) create or impose a Security Interest on any of the Purchased
                 Receivables contemplated in any Future Agreement other than a
                 Permitted Security Interest (if any); or

            (v)  allow a person to accelerate or cancel an obligation with
                 respect to Financial Indebtedness provided to the Seller or
                 Servicer (for so long as the Servicer is the Seller or an
                 Associate of the Seller) or constitute an Early Amortisation
                 Event, cancellation event, prepayment event or similar event
                 (whatever called) under an agreement relating to such Financial
                 Indebtedness, whether immediately or after notice or lapse of
                 time or both.

      (f)   (ACCOUNTS)

            (i)   Its most recent consolidated and unconsolidated Accounts give
                  a true and fair view of the matters with which they deal.

            (ii)  There has been no subsequent change in its and the Approved
                  Originator's state of affairs since that date which may have a
                  Material Adverse Effect or materially adversely affect the
                  collectability of the Receivables.

            (iii) Those consolidated accounts comply:

                  (A)   with current accounting practices, except to the extent
                        disclosed in them; and

                  (B)   with all applicable laws.

            (iv)  All material Financial Indebtedness and other material
                  contingent liabilities are disclosed in those accounts.

                                                                         Page 41

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      (g)   (NO LITIGATION) Other than as disclosed in writing to the Agent
            prior to the date of this agreement, no litigation, arbitration, Tax
            claim, dispute or administrative or other proceeding is current or
            pending or, to its knowledge, threatened, which is reasonably likely
            to have a Material Adverse Effect.

      (h)   (NO DEFAULT)

            (i)   It is not and none of the Approved Originators are in default
                  under a document or agreement (including an Authorisation)
                  binding on it or its assets which relates to Financial
                  Indebtedness and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.

            (ii)  Nothing has occurred which constitutes an Early Amortisation
                  Event, cancellation event, prepayment event or similar event
                  (whatever called) under any Future Agreement or any other
                  material agreements, whether immediately or after notice or
                  lapse of time or both where in any such case the default would
                  have a Material Adverse Effect.

      (i)   (AUTHORISATIONS) Each Authorisation which is required in relation
            to:

            (i)   the execution, delivery and performance by it of Transaction
                  Documents to which it is expressed to be a party and the
                  transactions contemplated by those documents;

            (ii)  the validity and enforceability of Transaction Documents to
                  which it is expressed to be a party;

            (iii) the perfection of the interest of the Company in the Purchased
                  Receivables (not including such Authorisations, (if any)
                  pertaining solely to acts of the Company);

            (iv)  its business as now conducted or contemplated in the
                  Subscription Agreement,

            has been obtained or effected. Each is in full force and effect. It
            has complied with each of them. It has paid all applicable fees for
            each of them.

      (j)   (FILINGS) It has filed all necessary returns and holds all
            appropriate licences and possesses the necessary skill, judgement
            and ability to carry out its obligations under the Transaction
            Documents.

      (k)   (NO MISREPRESENTATION) All information provided by it to the Company
            and the Agent is true in all material respects at the date of this
            agreement or, if later, when provided. Neither that information nor
            its conduct and the conduct of anyone on its behalf in relation to
            the transactions contemplated by Transaction Documents, was or is
            misleading , by omission or otherwise, in any material respect.

      (l)   (AGREEMENTS DISCLOSED) Each document or agreement which has the
            effect of varying a Transaction Document has been disclosed to the
            Agent in writing.

      (m)   (COPIES OF DOCUMENTS) All copies of documents (including its latest
            audited accounts and all Authorisations) given by it or on its
            behalf to the Company and the Agent are true and complete copies.

      (n)   (LAW) It and each of the Approved Originators has complied with all
            laws binding on it where breach may have a Material Adverse Effect.

      (o)   (TRUST) It does not hold any Receivables or enter into any
            Transaction Document as the trustee of any trust other than under a
            Future Agreement.

                                                                         Page 42

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      (p)   (SOLVENCY) It, and each Approved Originator, is solvent and able to
            pay its indebtedness as it falls due. No proceedings are
            contemplated by it, or to the best of its knowledge threatened by
            others with respect to it, for the commencement of liquidation
            proceedings or for the appointment of a receiver.

      (q)   (TAXES) It, and each Approved Originator, has filed all Tax returns
            which it is (or has been) required to file and has paid all Taxes as
            shown on such returns and on all assessments received by it to the
            extent that such Taxes have become due, but:

            (i)   it, or the relevant Approved Originator, need not pay Taxes
                  for which it has set aside sufficient reserves and which are
                  being contested in good faith, except where failure to pay
                  those Taxes may have a Material Adverse Effect; and

            (ii)  it, or the relevant Approved Originator, will pay contested
                  Taxes which it is liable to pay on the final determination or
                  settlement of the contest.

      (r)   (VALID SALE) It intends that each Purchase will constitute a valid
            sale, by way of equitable assignment of the Purchased Receivables to
            the Company, enforceable against creditors of, and purchasers from
            the Seller (subject to the rule in DEARLE V HALL and subject to the
            rights of any creditor of a NZ Approved Originator or the Seller to
            the extent of each relevant Supplier's Security Interest approved by
            the Agent (if any)).

      (s)   (QUALITY OF TITLE) Each Receivable offered for sale to the Company
            is beneficially owned by the Seller free and clear of any Security
            Interest (other than any Security Interest arising solely as the
            result of any action taken by the Company or by the Agent including,
            for the avoidance of doubt, a Permitted Security Interest or a
            Supplier's Security Interest approved by the Agent).

      (t)   (ACCURATE REPORTS) To the best of its knowledge and belief (after
            reasonable investigation) no Determination Date Statement (if
            prepared by the Seller, or to the extent information contained in
            that Determination Date Statement was supplied by the Seller),
            information, exhibit, financial statement, document, book, record or
            report furnished or to be furnished by the Seller or the Servicer to
            the Agent or the Company in connection with a Transaction Document
            is inaccurate in any material respect as of the date it is dated or
            (except as otherwise disclosed to the Agent or the Company, as the
            case may be, at that time) as of the date so furnished, or contains
            any material misstatement of fact or omission or omits to state a
            material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained
            therein not materially misleading.

      (u)   (RECEIVABLES) Every Receivable has been, or will be, offered for
            sale to the Company.

      (v)   (SERVICING PROGRAMS) Any and all programs used by the Seller, or any
            agent or subcontractor of the Seller, in the servicing of the
            Purchased Receivables are owned leased or licensed by it, or, as the
            case may be, by the relevant agent or subcontractor.

      (w)   (NO SECURITY INTERESTS) The Seller, or the relevant Approved
            Originator, created or acquired title to the Receivables in good
            faith, without notice of any adverse claim other than any relevant
            Supplier's Security Interest notified by the Servicer to the Agent.

      (x)   (NO FRAUDULENT CONVEYANCE) To the best of its knowledge, no
            circumstances exist by reason of which any transfer of any Purchased
            Receivables from the Approved Originators to the Seller or from the
            Seller to the Company would be held by a court of competent

                                                                         Page 43

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

            jurisdiction to constitute under value transfers or otherwise as
            preferential, fraudulent or uncommercial transactions.

      (y)   (NOT ASSETS OF THE SELLER) It intends that no Purchased Receivable
            will be considered by it to be an asset beneficially owned by the
            Seller or an Approved Originator in the event of any receivership or
            liquidation proceedings against it under applicable law.

      (z)   (ENTIRE DOCUMENTS) Each Contract contains all of the terms of the
            arrangements between the Seller, or the relevant Approved
            Originator, and the Obligor in respect of matters covered by those
            documents and there are no other documents or agreements which have
            the effect of varying or discharging any of those documents. Those
            documents constitute all the documents necessary to enforce the
            provisions of the Contract.

      (aa)  (CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICY) It or the relevant Approved
            Originator has complied with and will comply in all material
            respects with the Credit and Collection Policy in respect of
            Purchased Receivables and Purchased Receivables.

      (bb)  (APPROVED ORIGINATOR) Each Approved Originator:

            (i)   is a Related Corporation, of the Seller, who originates the
                  invoices in its ordinary course of business;

            (ii)  has offered for sale its beneficial interest in all
                  Receivables it has originated to the Seller for the purposes
                  of the offer that may be made by the a Seller under a Sale
                  Notice; and

            (iii) has provided the Agent with a power of attorney to effect the
                  legal sale of the Receivables in a form consistent with clause
                  12.

      (cc)  (KNOWLEDGE) It is not aware of any facts which may have a Material
            Adverse Effect on its ability to perform its obligations under the
            Transaction Documents.

      (dd)  (CHANGE IN COLLECTION ACCOUNT) It will notify the Agent of any
            proposed change in a Collection Account and request the Agent to
            approve any such proposed change.

      (ee)  (NON RECEIVABLES BANK ACCOUNT) All collections or proceeds not
            relating to the Receivables have been deposited in a Non-Receivables
            Bank Account.

7.2   GENERAL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

      The Seller represents and warrants in relation to the NZ Receivables that
      the Credit and Collection Policy of the NZ Approved Originator, together
      with the Contract, contains all the contractual arrangements between the
      NZ Approved Originator and the relevant Obligor concerning the goods sold
      in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy and the subject of the
      relevant Contract between the NZ Approved Originator and the relevant
      Obligor.

7.3   RELIANCE ON REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

      Each of the Seller and the Servicer acknowledges that the Company has
      entered into this agreement, and may accept an offer in any Sale Notice in
      accordance with clause 2.1 and, if an offer is accepted, will make each
      Instalment and Further Instalment in reliance on the representations and
      warranties in clauses 7.1, 7.2 and 7.3.

                                                                         Page 44

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

8.    UNDERTAKINGS

8.1   GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS

      Each of the Seller and the Servicer undertakes to each Indemnified Party
      as follows unless the Agent otherwise consents.

      (a)   (CORPORATE REPORTING AND INFORMATION) It will provide the Agent with
            a copy for the Company:

            (i)   (ANNUAL ACCOUNTS) as soon as practicable (but within 120 days)
                  after the close of each of its financial years copies of its
                  consolidated accounts in respect of that financial year;

            (ii)  (QUARTERLY REPORTS) as soon as practicable (but within 30
                  days) after each quarter of its financial year, copies of its
                  consolidated Accounts in respect of that quarter showing both
                  actual and budgeted figures for that quarter and for the
                  financial year to date.

            (iii) (MONTHLY DETERMINATION DATE STATEMENT REPORTING) a monthly
                  Determination Date Statement for the preceding month and an
                  Accounts Receivable Trial Balance for the preceding month on a
                  date in each month agreed between the Seller and the Company;

            (iv)  (DOCUMENTS ISSUED TO SHAREHOLDERS) promptly, all material
                  documents provided by it to a stock exchange or holders of
                  Marketable Securities issued by it;

            (v)   (GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY) promptly, any notice, order or material
                  correspondence from or with a Governmental Agency relating to
                  the Purchased Receivables which may have a Material Adverse
                  Effect;

            (vi)  (SECURITY INTERESTS) promptly, notice in reasonable detail of
                  any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security
                  Interest) asserted against any of the Purchased Receivables;

            (vii) (LITIGATION) promptly, written particulars of any litigation,
                  arbitration, tax claim, dispute or administrative or other
                  proceeding in relation to it or the Approved Originators
                  involving a claim exceeding A$2,000,000 or its equivalent
                  other than a claim for worker's compensation and claims the
                  Agent has already been notified of in writing referencing this
                  paragraph;

            (viii) (OTHER INFORMATION) promptly, from time to time, such other
                  information, documents, records or reports relating to the
                  Purchased Receivables or the conditions or operations,
                  financial or otherwise, of the Seller as the Agent may from
                  time to time reasonably request in order to protect the
                  interests of the Company and the Agent under any Transaction
                  Document.

      (b)   (TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS) promptly, details of any material variation
            of Transaction Documents or of any actual or termination of a
            Transaction Documents;

      (c)   (ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES) It will ensure that each balance sheet and
            account provided under paragraph (a):

                                                                         Page 45
<PAGE>
Receivables Purchase Agreement

            (i)   complies with current accounting principles applied in the
                  applicable jurisdictions except to the extent disclosed in
                  them and with all applicable laws; and

            (ii)  gives a true and fair view of the matters with which they
                  deal;

      (d)   (AUTHORISATIONS) It will ensure that each Authorisation required
            for:

            (i)   the execution, delivery and performance by it of the
                  Transaction Documents to which it is expressed to be a party
                  and the transactions contemplated by those documents;

            (ii)  the validity and enforceability of those documents; and

            (iii) the carrying on by it and each of the Approved Originators of
                  a material part of the business as now conducted or
                  contemplated,

            is obtained and promptly renewed and maintained in full force and
            effect where failure to do so may have a Material Adverse Effect. It
            will pay all applicable fees for them. It will provide copies of the
            Authorisations referable to sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) promptly to
            the Agent when they are obtained or renewed and in the case of
            Authorisation referable to sub-paragraph (iii) after request from
            the Agent promptly when they are obtained or renewed;

      (e)   (CHANGE OF CONTROL) it will notify the Agent if there is an
            acquisition by a person or any of its Associates of more than 19.9%
            of the ordinary shares of the Seller or a Related Corporation such
            that the aggregate beneficial shareholding in Tech Pacific Holdings
            Pty Limited of that person and any of its Associates exceeds 19.9%;

      (f)   (NOTICE TO AGENT) It will notify the Agent as soon as it becomes
            aware of:

            (i)   any Early Amortisation Event or Potential Early Amortisation
                  Event or an Event of Review;

            (ii)  any proposal by a Governmental Agency to acquire compulsorily
                  the whole or substantial part of its or any of the Approved
                  Originator's assets or business which may have a Material
                  Adverse Effect;

            (iii) any substantial dispute between it or any of the Approved
                  Originators and a Governmental Agency which may have a
                  Material Adverse Effect;

            (iv)  any change in its Authorised Officers, giving specimen
                  signatures of any new Authorised Officer appointed, and, where
                  reasonably requested by the Agent, evidence satisfactory to
                  the Agent of the authority of any Authorised Officer; and

            (v)   any impending change in the regulation of the business of the
                  Seller by any Governmental Agency of which it is aware and
                  where that change might reasonably be expected to have a
                  Material Adverse Effect or may impair the ability of the
                  Seller, the Servicer or the Company to recover any amount
                  under a Purchased Receivable.

      (g)   (DISPOSAL OF ASSETS) It will not sell or otherwise dispose of, part
            with possession of, or create an interest in:

            (i)   any Purchased Receivable or related Contract;

            (ii)  any Collection Account to which any Collections of any
                  Purchased Receivables are deposited; or

                                                                         Page 46

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

            (iii) either:

                  (A)   all of its assets; or

                  (B)   a part of its assets, where to do so might have a
                        Material Adverse Effect,

            or agree or attempt to do so (whether in one or more related or
            unrelated transactions) except as contemplated by this agreement or
            any Future Agreement.

      (h)   (NEGATIVE PLEDGE) It will not create or allow to exist a Security
            Interest over any Purchased Receivable other than a Permitted
            Security Interest or Supplier's Security Interest approved by the
            Agent or lien arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of
            day-to-day trading and not securing Financial Indebtedness where it
            duly pays the indebtedness secured by that lien other than
            indebtedness contested in good faith for a period not exceeding 30
            days.

      (i)   (CORPORATE EXISTENCE) It will do everything necessary to maintain
            its corporate existence in good standing. It will not transfer its
            jurisdiction of incorporation or enter any merger or consolidation.

      (j)   (COMPLIANCE WITH LAW) It will comply fully with all laws binding on
            it where failure to do so may have a Material Adverse Effect.

      (k)   (PARTNERSHIP AND JOINT VENTURES) It will not enter into a
            partnership or joint venture with another person.

      (l)   (PAY TAXES) It will pay all Taxes payable by it when due, but:

            (i)   it need not pay Taxes for which it has sufficient resources to
                  pay and which are being contested in good faith, except where
                  failure to pay those Taxes may have a Material Adverse Effect;
                  and

            (ii)  to the extent liable, it will pay those Taxes on the final
                  determination or settlement of the contest.

      (m)   (COMPLIANCE AND ENFORCEMENT OF TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS) It will:

            (i)   comply fully with its obligations under the Transaction
                  Documents;

            (ii)  enforce each Transaction Document to which it is a party and
                  exercise its rights, authorities and discretions under those
                  documents prudently and vigorously in order to avoid a
                  Material Adverse Effect; and

            (iii) use its best endeavours to keep Transaction Documents valid
                  and enforceable,

            where a failure to take such action would be likely to have a
            Material Adverse Effect.

      (n)   (VARIATION OF TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS) It will not do any thing which
            has the effect of:

            (i)   amending or varying, or consenting to any amendment or
                  variation of;

            (ii)  avoiding, releasing, surrendering, terminating, rescinding,
                  discharging (other than by performance) or accept the
                  repudiation of;

            (iii) expressly or implicitly waiving, or extending or granting any
                  time or indulgence in respect of, any provision of or
                  obligation under; or

            (iv)  do or permit anything which would enable or give grounds to
                  another party to do anything referred to in sub-paragraphs
                  (i), (ii) or (iii) in relation to,

                                                                         Page 47

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

            a Transaction Document where such action would be likely to have a
            Material Adverse Effect.

      (o)   (COMMERCIAL DEALINGS) It will not deal in any way with any person
            except at arm's length in the ordinary course of business for
            valuable commercial consideration provided that, to the extent this
            undertaking relates to the conduct of its Subsidiary (which is not
            itself an Approved Originator), it shall only apply to material
            dealings of that Subsidiary.

      (p)   (CHANGE OF BUSINESS OR CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICY)

            (i)   It will not cease or materially change its business carried on
                  in connection with any Purchased Receivable without the
                  consent of the Agent (which must not be unreasonably withheld
                  or delayed).

            (ii)  It will not make any change and will ensure that no Approved
                  Originator makes any change to the Credit and Collection
                  Policy, or its policy in respect of writing off amounts owing
                  under Receivables, that would impact recoverability or affect
                  the collectability of the Receivables (other than any change
                  reasonably required in the ordinary course of business)
                  without the consent of the Agent (which must not be
                  unreasonably withheld or delayed).

            (iii) It will not take action whether by acquisition or otherwise
                  which alone or in aggregate would materially alter the nature
                  of its business taken as a whole that would impact
                  recoverability or affect the collectability of the Receivables
                  without the consent of the Agent (which must not be
                  unreasonably withheld or delayed).

            (iv)  It will not dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or merge
                  with, or otherwise acquire all or any substantial portion of
                  the ownership interest, assets, or properties of any
                  corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other
                  entity if to do so might have a Material Adverse Effect.

      (q)   (TAKE PROCEEDINGS) It will take or defend all legal proceedings
            which are necessary or which the Company reasonably requires to
            protect or recover any right, title or interest in, to, under or
            derived from the Purchased Receivables.

      (r)   (NOTHING PREJUDICIAL) It will not do or omit to do anything which
            might render the rights of the Company in the Purchased Receivables
            liable to forfeiture, cancellation, avoidance or loss or might
            otherwise prejudicially affect the rights of the Company in the
            Purchased Receivables or the value of the Purchased Receivables.

      (s)   (NOTICES) It will promptly deliver to the Company copies of all
            notices and other documents received by it in its capacity as a
            party to the Purchased Receivables or relating in any way to the
            Purchased Receivables which materially affect the collectability of
            any of the Purchased Receivables.

      (t)   (RECORDS) It will, at its own cost and expense retain:

            (i)   the ledger and documentation relating to it as a master record
                  of the Purchased Receivables; and

            (ii)  copies of all documents relating to each Purchased Receivable
                  as custodian for the Company.

      (u)   (AMENDING RECEIVABLES)

                                                                         Page 48
<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

            (i)   It will not:

                  (A)   release, discharge, rescind or cancel;

                  (B)   grant any waiver or modify;

                  (C)   extend any term or provision of,

                  any Purchased Receivable or any Contract without the prior
                  written consent of the Agent (which must not be unreasonably
                  withheld or delayed), except in the ordinary course of
                  business and consistent with the provisions of the Credit and
                  Collection Policy.

            (ii)  It will not consent to the creation of any Security Interest
                  over any Receivable without the prior written consent of the
                  Agent other than a Permitted Security Interest.

            (iii) It will not amend any Insurance Policy other than as required
                  in the ordinary course of business and consistent with the
                  provisions of the Credit and Collection Policy and ensure any
                  Insurance Policy remains in full force and effect with an
                  Eligible Insurer and renewed, if necessary, on such terms as
                  are required in the ordinary course of business and consistent
                  with the provisions of the Credit and Collection Policy.

      (v)   (ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURES) In the case of the Servicer only, it
            will maintain administrative and operating procedures (including an
            ability to recreate records evidencing the Purchased Receivables in
            the event of the destruction of the originals) and keep and maintain
            all documents, books, records and other information reasonably
            necessary or customary for the collection of all Purchased
            Receivables (including records adequate to permit the daily
            identification of each new Purchased Receivable and all Collections
            of and adjustments to each existing Purchased Receivable).

      (w)   (INSPECTION) At any other time and from time to time during regular
            business hours, it will permit the Agent, or its agents or
            representatives, upon two Business Day's notice:

            (i)   to examine and make copies of and abstracts from all books,
                  records and documents (including, without limitation, computer
                  tapes and disks) in the possession or under the control of the
                  Seller relating to the Purchased Receivables including,
                  without limitation, the related Contracts and other
                  agreements; and

            (ii)  to visit the offices and properties of the Seller for the
                  purpose of examining such materials described in paragraph (i)
                  above, and to discuss matters relating to the Purchased
                  Receivables or the Seller's or the Servicer's performance
                  under each Future Agreement with any of the officers or
                  employees of the Seller or the Servicer having knowledge of
                  such matters.

      (x)   (PERFORMANCE AND COMPLIANCE WITH RECEIVABLES AND CONTRACTS) At its
            expense, it will timely and fully perform and comply with all
            material provisions, covenants and other promises required to be
            observed by it under or in connection with the Purchased Receivables
            and the related Contracts and other agreements related to such
            Purchased Receivables and shall comply in all material respects with
            all of the provisions of the Credit and Collection Policy.

                                                                         Page 49

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      (y)   (COLLECTIONS)

            (i)   It will instruct all Obligors to cause all Collections of
                  Purchased Receivables to be deposited directly into the
                  relevant Collection Account.

            (ii)  To the extent that the Seller or Servicer receives any
                  Collections it shall deposit them in the relevant Collection
                  Account within 1 Business Day of receipt.

            It shall ensure that its records and accounts are such that it will
            always be possible to determine what Collections it has received,
            and subject to clause 3.1(c), it shall hold the Collections to which
            the Company is or may become entitled on behalf of and for the
            account of the Company.

      (z)   (CHANGE IN PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS TO OBLIGORS) It will not make any
            change in its instructions to Obligors regarding payments to be made
            to the account referred to in paragraph (y), unless the Agent has
            approved such change.

      (aa)  (AUDITS)

            (i)   On 14 days written notice from the Agent, it shall permit the
                  Company and the Agent and their respective officers and agents
                  at the Company's expense to audit its records and systems in
                  such reasonable detail that the Company and the Agent may
                  establish whether or not the Seller is complying with its
                  obligations under any Transaction Document.

            (ii)  It will deliver (at the Seller's cost) to the Company not
                  later than 120 days after the Seller's financial end of year
                  in each year a certificate from the Seller's auditor, stating,
                  without material qualification that:

                  (A)   the Seller's systems and operating procedures are
                        adequate to enable it to comply with its obligations
                        under the Transaction Documents; and

                  (B)   the Seller has complied with its obligations under the
                        Transaction Documents.

      (bb)  (CHANGE NAME) It will not, and neither will it permit any Approved
            Originator to:

            (i)   change its name without first notifying the Company of the new
                  name not less than 21 days before the change takes effect; or

            (ii)  relocate its principal place of business outside Australia or
                  New Zealand (as the case may be) or change its place of
                  incorporation.

      (cc)  (NZ RECEIVABLES) The aggregate Outstanding Balance of all NZ
            Receivables owned at any time by the Company will be less than
            NZ$70,000,000.

8.2   UNDERTAKING BY THE AGENT

      The Agent undertakes to the Seller that if there is any drawing of the
      underwriting facility that supports the Commercial Paper Notes, it will
      direct the Company to make a drawing on the Liquidity Facility Agreement
      on the next Business Day, and for so long as Westpac is the Liquidity
      Participant under the Liquidity Facility Agreement, it shall fund each
      such drawing.

                                                                         Page 50

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

9.    ADMINISTRATION, SERVICING, COLLECTION AND BACK-UP SERVICING

9.1   APPOINTMENT

      (a)   Subject to clause 9.3, each of the Seller, the Company and the Agent
            appoints the Servicer as its agent to enforce its rights and
            interests in and under the Purchased Receivables and the Contracts
            with all powers expressly delegated to it by this agreement together
            with all other powers reasonably incidental to those powers.

      (b)   The Servicer may subcontract with any other person for servicing,
            administering or collecting the Purchased Receivables, provided that
            in the case where such subcontracting may materially effect the
            collectability of any Purchased Receivable the Servicer shall first
            obtain the prior consent of the Agent which shall not to be
            unreasonably withheld or delayed. The Servicer shall remain liable
            for the performance of those duties and obligations.

      (c)   The Servicer's appointment under this agreement will terminate on
            the date after the Commitment Termination Date when the Company's
            Investment is zero and all other amounts owed by the Seller to the
            Agent and the Company under the Transaction Documents have been
            fully and finally paid and all amounts payable to the Seller under
            clause 2.1(j) have been fully and finally paid or when the Servicer
            is replaced under Clause 9.3.

9.2   DUTIES OF THE SERVICER

      (a)   (COLLECTION OF RECEIVABLES) The Servicer shall take or cause to be
            taken all such actions to collect each Purchased Receivable from
            time to time in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy,
            applicable laws, rules and regulations and otherwise, with
            reasonable care and diligence exercising the same standard of care
            that a prudent company carrying on a similar business as the
            Servicer would adopt.

      (b)   (DEPOSIT COLLECTIONS) If an Early Amortisation Event is subsisting
            and if requested by the Company the Servicer shall on each day
            Collections are made or deemed to be made ensure that these are paid
            into a bank account specified by the Company from time to time.

      (c)   (HOLD COLLECTIONS) The Servicer shall hold all Collections to which
            the Company is or may become entitled which are unbanked cheques for
            the benefit of the Company, and for the Company's account.

      (d)   (SERVICER'S RECORDS) The Servicer shall ensure its records and
            accounts are such that it will always be able to determine what
            Collections it has received and in respect of which Purchased
            Receivables.

      (e)   (DOCUMENTS AND RECORDS) If the Servicer is the Seller or an
            Associate of the Seller, the Company authorises the Servicer to,
            without limiting its obligations under this clause 9.2(e) to the
            Company, use and make copies of all such documents, computer tapes,
            disks and Related Agreements in the ordinary course of the
            Servicer's and its Associate's businesses and for all other purposes
            necessary for or ancillary to the performance of its obligations
            under this agreement. This clause 9.2(e) survives termination of
            this agreement.

                                                                         Page 51

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

9.3   REPLACEMENT OF THE SERVICER

      (a)   If a Servicer Transfer Event is subsisting, the Agent may remove the
            Servicer from office by giving the Servicer a Successor Notice.

      (b)   Upon removal of a Servicer the Agent has the right to appoint a
            successor Servicer who accepts the appointment.

      (c)   Subject to the appointment of a successor Servicer acceptable to the
            Agent (acting reasonably) the Servicer may resign at any time by
            giving not less than 1 month's notice to the Agent.

      (d)   On its appointment the successor Servicer will have all the rights,
            powers and obligations under this agreement of the retiring
            Servicer. The retiring Servicer will be discharged from its rights,
            powers and obligations under this agreement.

      (e)   The retiring Servicer shall execute and deliver all documents and
            agreements which the Agent reasonably believes are necessary or
            desirable to effect the appointment of the successor.

9.4   REMUNERATION OF SUCCESSOR SERVICER

      The Seller agrees to pay or reimburse the Company for all its reasonable
      costs and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of the
      Servicer's duties by a successor Servicer as specified in any Transaction
      Document, including, at any time, an amount equal to the Servicer Fee at
      that time less the Servicer Amount at that time (if positive).

9.5   RIGHTS OF THE AGENT

      (a)   (NOTICE TO OBLIGORS) If a Servicer Transfer Event is subsisting the
            Agent may notify any Obligor of a Purchased Receivable of the
            Company's ownership of the Purchased Receivables.

      (b)   (COLLECTION ACCOUNTS) If an Early Amortisation Event is subsisting,
            the Agent shall notify the Seller and the Servicer to take the
            action required under clause 8.1(y).

      (c)   (RIGHTS ON SERVICER TRANSFER EVENT) At any time following the
            appointment of a Servicer other than the Seller pursuant to clause
            9.3:

            (i)   the Agent may direct the Obligors of Purchased Receivables, or
                  any of them, to pay all amounts payable under any Purchased
                  Receivable directly to the Agent or its designee;

            (ii)  the Seller shall, at the Agent's request and at the Seller's
                  expense, give notice of the Company's ownership of the
                  Purchased Receivables to each Obligor and direct that payments
                  be made directly to the Agent or its designee;

            (iii) each of the Seller and the outgoing Servicer shall, at the
                  Agent's request:


                  (A)   assemble all Contracts and copies of the other
                        documents, instruments and other records (including
                        computer programs, tapes and disks) held by the Seller
                        or the Servicer (as the case may be) which evidence the
                        Purchased Receivables, or which are otherwise necessary
                        or desirable to collect such Purchased Receivables, and
                        shall make the same available to

                                                                         Page 52

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

                        the Agent at a place selected by the Agent or its
                        designee (not being a place where, in consequence of the
                        presence in that place of any such document, instrument
                        or record, the Seller would have any increased liability
                        to Taxes, significant fees, costs, charges, expenses or
                        other outgoings beyond the liability it would have had
                        if it had retained such document, instrument or record
                        in the jurisdiction in which it was previously held);
                        and

                  (B)   segregate all cash, cheques and other instruments
                        received by it from time to time constituting
                        Collections of Purchased Receivables in a manner
                        acceptable to the Agent and shall, promptly upon
                        receipt, remit all such cash, cheques and instruments,
                        duly endorsed or with duly executed instruments of
                        transfer, to the Agent or its designee; and

            (iv)  each of the Seller and the Company authorises the Agent to
                  take any and all steps in the Seller's name and on behalf of
                  the Seller and the Company which are necessary or desirable,
                  in the determination of the Agent, to collect all amounts due
                  under any and all Purchased Receivables, including, without
                  limitation, endorsing the Seller's name on cheques and other
                  instruments representing Collections and enforcing such
                  Purchased Receivables and the related Contract.

9.6   RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE SELLER

      The following provisions apply despite any other term of any Transaction
      Document:

      (a)   The Seller shall perform all of its obligations under the Contracts
            related to the Purchased Receivables and other agreements to the
            same extent as if the Purchased Receivables had not been sold and
            the exercise by the Agent of its rights shall not relieve the Seller
            from such obligations.

      (b)   Neither the Agent nor the Company shall have any obligation or
            liability with respect to any Purchased Receivables, Contracts
            related to those Purchased Receivables or other agreements, nor
            shall any of them be obligated to perform any of the obligations of
            the Seller under those agreements.

      (c)   Where an Early Amortisation Event is subsisting, the Seller for
            valuable consideration grants to the Servicer an irrevocable power
            of attorney, with full power of substitution, coupled with an
            interest (being the absolute beneficial ownership of the Purchased
            Receivable and Related Agreements that the Company will acquire upon
            its acceptance of the relevant Sale Notices, which interest the
            Servicer services on behalf of the Company), to take in the name of
            the Seller all steps which are necessary or advisable to endorse or
            negotiate or otherwise realise any right of any kind held or
            transmitted by the Seller or transmitted or received by the Company
            (whether or not from the Seller) that relates directly to any
            Purchased Receivable.

9.7   FURTHER ACTION EVIDENCING PURCHASE

      The Seller agrees that from time to time, at its expense, it will promptly
      execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and take all
      further action that the Agent may reasonably request in order to perfect,
      protect or more fully evidence the Purchase under a Future Agreement, or
      to

                                                                         Page 53

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      enable the Company or the Agent to exercise or enforce any of their
      respective rights under a Future Agreement. Without limitation, the Seller
      will upon the request of the Agent execute such instruments or notices, as
      may be necessary or appropriate to indicate the Company's title in the
      Purchased Receivables. This clause does not require the Seller to:

      (a)   give notice to the Obligor requiring the payment of Purchased
            Receivables to the Company;

      (b)   give notice of any assignment to Obligors unless an Early
            Amortisation Event is subsisting; or

      (c)   execute any stampable instrument.

9.8   APPLICATION OF COLLECTIONS

      (a)   Any payment by an Obligor in respect of any indebtedness owed by it
            to the Seller or any Approved Originator in relation to a Contract
            (other than, in respect of any Contract referable to any NZ
            Receivable, any payment of interest, finance or late payment charges
            payable by the relevant Obligor in respect of that NZ Receivable)
            shall, except as otherwise specified by such Obligor or otherwise
            required by contract or law and unless the Agent instructs
            otherwise, be applied as a Collection of any Purchased Receivable of
            such Obligor to the extent of any amounts then due and payable under
            such Purchased Receivable before such payment is applied to any
            other indebtedness of such Obligor.

      (b)   The Seller's obligation under clause 9.8(a) is purely personal, and
            does not create any Security Interest.

9.9   STAND-BY SERVICER

      (a)   If the Company becomes entitled to replace or remove a Servicer as
            servicer then the Company may request the Back-Up Servicer to act as
            temporary stand-in servicer. If the Company makes a request of the
            Back-Up Servicer under this clause then the Company shall be deemed
            to have represented and warranted to the Back-Up Servicer that it is
            entitled to appoint the Back-Up Servicer as temporary stand-in
            servicer in accordance with that request.

      (b)   The Back-Up Servicer must comply with any request made under clause
            9.9(a), but only if the Back-Up Servicer is satisfied that:

            (i)   it has been or will be provided with access to all the
                  systems, data and documentation, and that the Back-Up Servicer
                  believes necessary to perform its duties as temporary stand-in
                  servicer; and

            (ii)  it will be adequately indemnified for each liability, subject
                  to clause 9.10, which it will or may incur as a result of
                  complying with that request.

      (c)   Each of the Seller, the Company and the Agent must use its
            reasonable endeavours to procure that the Back-Up Servicer is
            provided with the systems, data and documentation referred to above
            as soon as is practicable after a request is made.

      (d)   If the Back-Up Servicer complies with a request made under clause
            9.9(a) then it must act as temporary stand-in servicer until the
            appointment of a Successor Servicer.

      (e)   Whilst the Back-Up Servicer acts a temporary stand-in servicer it
            must service the Purchased Receivables:

                                                                         Page 54

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

            (i)   in accordance with the standards of an appropriately qualified
                  and prudent servicer of receivables similar to those
                  receivables which constitute the Purchased Receivables; and

            (ii)  in a manner which is not materially adversely different from
                  the manner in which the previous Servicer serviced the
                  Purchased Receivables;

      (f)   The Back-Up Servicer represents and warrants that it has the
            resources, expertise and experience necessary to do so.

      (g)   The Back-Up Servicer may appoint a third party to undertake any of
            its functions or responsibilities.

9.10  INDEMNITIES BY THE COMPANY

      (a)   The Company indemnifies the Back-Up Servicer against any liability
            which the Back-Up Servicer or any attorney, delegate or contractor
            appointed by it may incur or suffer as a result of or arising from
            performing its obligations under or in connection with this
            agreement or complying with a request under clause 9.9, except to
            the extent that any such liability is due to the negligence or
            misconduct of the Back-Up Servicer, or any of its attorney, delegate
            or contractor appointed by it.

      (b)   The indemnity in clause 9.10(a) is a continuing indemnity and
            survives any termination of this agreement.

      (c)   The Company is only required to indemnify the Back-Up Servicer when
            there are actual and quantifiable losses arising from such
            liability.

      (d)   The Back-Up Servicer is not liable for, and the Company releases and
            holds the Back-Up Servicer harmless against:

            (i)   any defect in the title of the Company to any Purchased
                  Receivable;

            (ii)  acting in accordance with any request, direction or
                  instruction given by the Company;

            (iii) any Liability caused by the Back-Up Servicer's reliance on any
                  data or document supplied to it by the Company;

            (iv)  any inability to perform, or deficiency in performing the
                  Back-Up Servicer's duties and obligations as temporary
                  stand-in servicer caused or contributed to directly and
                  indirectly by:

                  (A)   the state of affairs of the previous Servicer, and its
                        books and records; or

                  (B)   the Back-Up Servicer being unable to obtain data,
                        information and documents of the previous Servicer or
                        the Trustee or obtain access to the data, systems,
                        documentation or personnel which are reasonably
                        necessary for the Back-Up Servicer to perform those
                        duties and obligations; and

            (v)   the Back-Up Servicer is, for any purpose and at any time,
                  entitled to rely on, act upon, accept and regard as conclusive
                  and sufficient (without being in any way bound to call for
                  further evidence or information or being responsible for any
                  loss

                                                                         Page 55

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

                  that may be occasioned by such reliance, acceptance or regard)
                  any of the following:

                  (A)   any representation or warranty given by the Company; and

                  (B)   any data, document, certificate or statements supplied
                        by the Company or any officer, auditor or solicitor or
                        either of them.

10.   EARLY AMORTISATION EVENTS; SERVICER TRANSFER EVENTS; TERMINATION; EVENTS
      OF REVIEW

10.1  EARLY AMORTISATION EVENTS

      The occurrence and continuation of any one of the following events shall
      be an Early Amortisation Event (whether or not it is in the control of the
      Seller or the Servicer (if the Servicer is the Seller or an Associate of
      the Seller)) under each Transaction Document:

      (a)   (PAYMENTS) the failure on the part of the Seller or the Servicer (if
            the Servicer is the Seller or an Associate of the Seller) to make
            any payments within 1 Business Day of becoming due under any
            Transaction Document, or 2 Business Days where the delay is the
            result of a failure by the banking system to remit funds within 1
            Business Day;

      (b)   (COVENANTS) the failure on the part of the Seller or the Servicer
            (if the Servicer is the Seller or an Associate of the Seller) to
            observe or perform any other term, undertaking, covenant, condition
            or agreement provided for in this agreement or any Transaction
            Document and the continuation of such failure for 14 Business Days
            after an officer of the Seller or the Servicer (as the case may be)
            who has a working knowledge of this agreement becomes aware of that
            failure;

      (c)   (REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES) any representation or warranty made
            or deemed to be made by the Seller or the Servicer (if the Servicer
            is the Seller or an Associate of the Seller) under or in connection
            with any Transaction Document or other information, report or
            statement delivered under any Transaction Document is not true in
            any material respect when made or repeated, and if in reasonable
            opinion of the Agent that failure can be remedied, does not remedy
            the failure within 14 days or receiving notice from the Agent
            requiring remedy or the Seller or the Servicer (if the Servicer as
            the Seller or an Associate of the Seller) first becoming aware of
            the relevant circumstances (whichever is first);

      (d)   (INSOLVENCY EVENT) the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with
            respect to the Seller or the Servicer (if the Servicer is the Seller
            or an Associate of the Seller);

      (e)   (FINANCIAL INDEBTEDNESS) the Seller or the Servicer (if the Servicer
            is the Seller or an Associate of the Seller) fails to pay any
            Financial Indebtedness in excess of $500,000 or any interest or
            premium on or any instalment of such Financial Indebtedness, when
            due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment,
            acceleration, demand or otherwise) and such failure continues after
            the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or
            instrument relating to such Financial Indebtedness other than a
            failure to pay contested in good faith.

      (f)   (MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT) any event or circumstance occurs which
            materially adversely effects:

                                                                         Page 56

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

            (i)   the collectability of the Purchased Receivables;

            (ii)  the ability of the Servicer to collect the Purchased
                  Receivables or the Seller or the Servicer (if the Servicer is
                  the Seller or Associate of the Seller) to perform its
                  obligations under any Transaction Document; or

            (iii) the business, assets or financial condition of the Seller or
                  the Servicer (if the Servicer is the Seller or an Associate of
                  the Seller);

      (g)   (CHANGE IN POLICY) a material change occurs to the Credit and
            Collection Policy (other than any change reasonably required in the
            ordinary course of business) without the prior consent of the Agent;

      (h)   (REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS) the Seller or the Servicer (if the
            Servicer is the Seller or an Associate of the Seller) fails to
            observe or comply with any law or official directive or request
            (including one with respect to reserve, liquidity, capital adequacy,
            special deposit or similar requirements) where that failure might
            wholly or partially render illegal, prevent or restrict the
            performance or effectiveness of the Transaction Documents or where
            that failure might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
            Effect and does not remedy that failure within 14 days of the Seller
            or the Servicer (as the case may be) becoming aware of that failure;

      (i)   (DEALING IN SHARES) the Seller or the Servicer (if the Servicer is
            the Seller or an Associate of the Seller) deals with its share
            capital other than in accordance with its rules and the Corporations
            Act 2001;

      (j)   (CHARGE-OFF RECEIVABLES) the Outstanding Balance of Purchased
            Receivables that are Charge-Off Receivables multiplied by the
            Purchased Interest at that time is at any time more than 50% of the
            Credit Reserve at that time; and

      (k)   (LIMIT) either:

            (i)   the Company Investment exceeds the Purchase Base; or

            (ii)  the Net Pool Balance at any time is less than the sum of the
                  Company's Investment and the Required Reserves (each as at
                  that time).

      (l)   (CROSS DEFAULT) an Event of Default (as that term is defined in the
            Subscription Agreement) is subsisting (and has not been waived)
            under the Subscription Agreement.

10.2  REMEDIES

      (a)   (OPTIONAL LIQUIDATION) If an Early Amortisation Event has occurred,
            and is subsisting, the Agent shall, at the request, or may with the
            consent, of the Company, by notice to the Seller declare the
            Commitment Termination Date to have occurred.

      (b)   (PERFECTION) If an Early Amortisation Event is subsisting, the
            Company may give notice of any Purchase of any Receivables under any
            Future Agreement to the relevant Obligors.

      (c)   (ADDITIONAL REMEDIES) Upon any termination of the RPA Commitment
            under this clause 10.2, each party shall, in addition to all other
            rights and remedies under any Transaction Document or otherwise,
            have all other rights and remedies provided under applicable laws,
            which rights shall be cumulative. Without limitation, the occurrence
            of an Early Amortisation Event shall not deny to the Company any
            remedy in addition to termination of

                                                                         Page 57

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

            the RPA Commitment to which the Company may be otherwise
            appropriately entitled, whether at law or in equity.

10.3  OTHER CONSEQUENCES

      (a)   The Agent shall notify the Rating Agencies promptly when it becomes
            aware that an Early Amortisation Event has occurred.

      (b)   Each of the Company and the Agent will be taken not to be aware of
            an Early Amortisation Event unless:

            (i)   it receives notice in writing from another party stating that
                  an Early Amortisation Event has occurred and describing it; or

            (ii)  its officers who have responsibility for the transaction
                  become actually aware of it.

      (c)   If an Early Amortisation Event occurs the Company shall enter into a
            swap under the Swap Agreement.

10.4  EVENT OF REVIEW

      (a)   At any time after an Event of Review, the Seller, Westpac and the
            Company will, acting reasonably, review this agreement and amend
            this agreement so that the terms and conditions are reflective of
            the terms and conditions applied by the market to entities of
            similar size, financial standing and performance, shareholding
            ownership and credit profile of the Seller.

      (b)   If within 45 days of the date of notification an Event of Review,
            the Seller, the Company and Westpac cannot agree (acting in their
            absolute discretion) the terms and conditions to apply, Westpac may
            give notice to the Seller and this agreement will then terminate 120
            days after the giving of the notice.

10.5  COLLECTION ACCOUNT LETTER

      In the event an Early Amortisation Event occurs and is subsisting with
      respect to the Seller or the Servicer, or such an event is likely to occur
      (in the sole opinion of the Agent), the Agent may forward any Collection
      Account Letter to the Collection Bank noted in the Collection Account
      Letter empowering the Agent to control payments from the Collection
      Account.

10.6  TRADE CREDIT INSURANCE POLICIES

      Once the RPA Commitment has been terminated, the Company's Investment is
      $0 and the Seller has paid all outstanding fees to the Company, the Agent
      shall co-operate with the Debenture Trustee (as defined in the
      Subscription Agreement) to novate the Company's future entitlements from
      the Insurance Policies to the Debenture Trustee.

11.   INDEMNIFICATION

11.1  GENERAL INDEMNITY

      Without limiting any other rights which any such person may have under any
      Transaction Document or under applicable law, the Seller agrees to
      indemnify each Indemnified Party, on demand, from

                                                                         Page 58

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      and against any and all Indemnified Amounts that each Indemnified Party
      may sustain or incur as a direct or indirect consequence of:

      (a)   the breach of any representation or warranty made by the Seller or
            the Servicer (or any of their officers) under or in connection with
            any Transaction Document, any Determination Date Statement or any
            other information or report delivered by the Seller or the Servicer
            under any Transaction Document, which breach renders such
            representation or warranty false or incorrect in any material
            respect when made or deemed made;

      (b)   the failure by the Seller to comply with any applicable law, rule or
            regulation with respect to any Purchased Receivable or the related
            Contract, or the non-conformity of any Purchased Receivable or the
            related Contract with any such applicable law, rule or regulation;

      (c)   the failure by the Seller to vest and maintain vested in the Company
            the beneficial interest in respect of the Purchased Receivables,
            free and clear of any Security Interest, other than a Security
            Interest arising solely as a result of an act of the Company or the
            Agent (including, for the avoidance of doubt, a Permitted Security
            Interest), whether existing at the time of any Purchase or at any
            time after that;

      (d)   any dispute, claim, offset (including the setting off of deposits
            against any amount owing and unpaid under any Obligor's Purchased
            Receivable) or defence of the Obligor to the payment of any
            Purchased Receivables (including a defence based on such Receivables
            or the related Contracts not being a legal, valid and binding
            obligation of such Obligor enforceable against it in accordance with
            its terms), or any exercise or enforcement by a supplier or any
            other person of a Supplier's Security Interest whether or not that
            Supplier's Security Interest is known to the Company or the Agent at
            any time, or other claim resulting from services related to such
            Receivable or the furnishing or failure to furnish such services;

      (e)   any failure of Tech Pacific Holdings Pty Limited or its Associate
            acting in the capacity of the Seller or the Servicer or otherwise,
            to perform its duties or obligations in accordance with the
            provisions of clause 8 or 9; or

      (f)   any cost attributable to goods and services or similar tax that an
            Indemnified Party may be required to pay in respect of any payment
            by that Indemnified Party under any Related Agreement, reduced by
            any Input Tax Credit or Reduced Input Tax Credit to which the
            Indemnified Party is entitled in respect of that payment,

      provided that the Seller does not indemnify an Indemnified Party from and
      against any Indemnified Amounts:

            (i)   to the extent caused by the fraud, wilful default, negligence
                  or breach of an obligation under a Transaction Document of
                  that Indemnified Party except to the extent that any such
                  breach was caused or contributed to by the Seller;

            (ii)  in the case of a successor, transferee or participant of an
                  original party to this agreement, to the extent that the
                  Indemnified Amount exceeds the Indemnified Amount which would
                  have been suffered or incurred by the original party to this
                  agreement had there been no succession, transfer or
                  participation;

            (iii) to the extent they relate to defaults by any Obligor under any
                  Receivable.

                                                                         Page 59

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

12.   POWER OF ATTORNEY

12.1  SELLER APPOINTMENT

      (a)   The Seller irrevocably appoints each Authorised Officer of the
            Company and the Agent severally its attorney to do anything which:

            (i)   the Seller and, if the Seller is the Servicer, the Servicer is
                  obliged, authorised or empowered to do under or in relation to
                  any Transaction Document or any Contract (including enforcing
                  any Purchased Receivable); or

            (ii)  the Company is authorised or empowered to do under any
                  Transaction Document, any Contract or any law but only at the
                  times that the Company would have been able to do it.

      (b)   An attorney may only act under this power if an Early Amortisation
            Event is subsisting.

      (c)   Without limitation, the attorney may at any time delegate his powers
            (including delegation).

      (d)   No attorney appointed under this agreement may act inconsistently
            with this agreement.

12.2 AUSTRALIAN APPROVED ORIGINATOR APPOINTMENTS

      (a)   The Seller shall procure that each Australian Approved Originator
            irrevocably appoints each Authorised Officer of the Seller, the
            Company and the Agent severally its attorney to do anything which:

            (i)   that Australian Approved Originator is obliged, authorised or
                  empowered to do under or in relation to any Approved
                  Originator Sale Notice relating to that Approved Originator,
                  or any Contract (including enforcing any Purchased
                  Receivable); or

            (ii)  the Seller, the Company and the Agent are authorised or
                  empowered to do under any Originator Sale Notice relating to
                  that Approved Originator, any Contract or any law but only at
                  the times that the Seller, the Company and the Agent would
                  have been able to do it.

      (b)   An attorney may only act under this power if an Early Amortisation
            Event is subsisting.

      (c)   Without limitation, the attorney may at any time delegate his powers
            (including delegation), or appoint a sub-attorney.

      (d)   No attorney appointed under this agreement may act inconsistently
            with this agreement.

12.3  NZ APPROVED ORIGINATOR APPOINTMENTS

      (a)   The Seller shall procure that each NZ Approved Originator
            irrevocably appoints the Seller and each Authorised Officer of the
            Seller severally its attorney to do anything which:

            (i)   that NZ Approved Originator is obliged, authorised or
                  empowered to do under or in relation to any Approved
                  Originator Sale Notice relating to that NZ Approved
                  Originator, or any Contract (including enforcing any Purchased
                  Receivable); or

            (ii)  the Seller is authorised or empowered to do under any
                  Originator Sale Notice relating to that Approved Originator,
                  any Contract or any law but only at the times that the Seller
                  would have been able to do it.

                                                                         Page 60

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      (b)   An attorney may only act under this power if an Early Amortisation
            Event is subsisting.

      (c)  Without limitation, the attorney may at any time delegate his powers
           (including delegation), or appoint a sub-attorney.

      (d)   No attorney appointed under this agreement may act inconsistently
            with this agreement.

      (e)   The Seller irrevocably appoints each Authorised Officer of the
            Company and the Agent (each a Sub-Attorney) jointly and severally
            its sub-attorney to do anything which the Seller is obliged,
            authorised or empowered to do at any time under or in relation to
            any NZ Originator Power of Attorney.

      (f)   The Seller covenants that:

            (i)   it will not exercise any NZ Originator Power of Attorney
                  without the Company's and the Agent's consent;

            (ii)  it will not revoke the sub-attorney granted under the clause
                  12.3(e); and

            (iii) it will ratify anything done by a Sub-Attorney under this
                  agreement and any NZ Originator Power of Attorney.

13.   THE AGENT

13.1  AUTHORISATION AND ACTION

      The Company appoints the Agent to act as agent on its behalf with all
      powers expressly delegated to the Agent by the Transaction Document,
      together with such powers as are reasonably incidental to such powers and
      the Agent accepts that appointment.

13.2  AGENT'S RELIANCE ETC.

      Neither the Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees
      shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or the
      Agent under or in connection with any Transaction Document (including the
      servicing, administering or collecting the Purchased Receivables as
      Servicer pursuant to clause 9), except for its or their own negligence or
      wilful default or fraud. Without limitation, the Agent:

      (a)   may consult with lawyers (including lawyers for the Seller or the
            Servicer with the prior written consent from the Seller),
            independent certified public accountants and other experts selected
            by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be
            taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such
            counsel, accountants or experts;

      (b)   makes no warranty or representation to the Company or any other
            holder of any interest in Purchased Receivables and shall not be
            responsible to the Company or any such other holder for any
            statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection
            with any Transaction Document;

      (c)   shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the
            performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or
            conditions of any Transaction Document on the part of the Seller or
            to inspect the property (including the books and records) of the
            Seller;

                                                                         Page 61

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      (d)   shall not be responsible to the Company or any other holder of any
            interest in Purchased Receivables for the due execution, legality,
            validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of any
            Transaction Document; and

      (e)   shall incur no liability under or in respect of any Transaction
            Document by acting upon any notice (including notice by telephone),
            consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which may be by
            facsimile or telex) reasonably believed by it to be genuine and
            signed or sent by the proper party or parties.

13.3  AGENT AND ASSOCIATES

      Westpac and any of its Associates may generally engage in any kind of
      business with the Seller or any Obligor, any of their respective
      Associates and any person who may do business with or own securities of
      the Seller or any Obligor or any of their respective Associates, all as if
      Westpac were not the Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the
      Company or any other holder of an interest in Purchased Receivables.

14.   ASSIGNMENT OF PURCHASED RECEIVABLES

14.1  RESTRICTIONS ON ASSIGNMENTS

      (a)   (RESTRICTION) Neither the Seller nor the Company may assign its
            rights under any Transaction Document without the prior written
            consent of the Agent and the affirmation of the Rating Agencies.

      (b)   (COMPANY) The Company may not assign any Purchased Receivable to any
            person without the prior written consent of the Seller, however:

            (i)   the Company may assign, or grant a Security Interest in, any
                  Purchased Receivable to Westpac after having given notice to
                  the Seller; and

            (ii)  the Company may assign or grant a Security Interest in any
                  interest in, to and under any Purchased Receivable and any
                  Transaction Document to the Security Agent, and any successor
                  in such capacity to secure the Company's obligations under or
                  in connection with any SPV Loan Agreement, the Liquidity
                  Facility Agreement, the Enhancement Agreement and certain
                  other obligations of the Company incurred in connection with
                  the funding of the Company's Investment.

      (c)   The Company agrees to advise the Agent within fifteen Business Days
            after notice to the Seller of any proposed assignment by the Company
            of any Purchased Receivable, not otherwise permitted under paragraph
            (b), of the Seller's consent or non-consent to such assignment. If
            the Seller does not consent to such assignment, the Company may
            immediately assign such Purchased Receivable to Westpac or any
            Associate of Westpac. All such assignments shall be upon such terms
            and conditions as the Company and the assignee may mutually agree
            except that Westpac or any Associate of Westpac may not further
            assign such Purchased Receivables.

                                                                         Page 62

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

14.2  RIGHTS OF ASSIGNEE

      Upon assignment by the Company of any Purchased Receivable in accordance
      with this clause 14, the assignee receiving such assignment shall have all
      of the rights and, if applicable, the obligations of the Company under any
      Transaction Document with respect to that Purchased Receivable.

14.3  RIGHTS OF THE SECURITY AGENT

      The Seller agrees that, upon notice to the Seller, the Security Agent may
      exercise all the rights of the Agent then existing under any Transaction
      Document, with respect to any Purchased Receivable, and Collections with
      respect thereto, which are owned by the Company, and all other rights and
      interests of the Company in, to and under any Future Agreement.

15.   LIMITED RECOURSE

15.1  LIMIT AND RELEASE

      (a)   (LIMIT) Notwithstanding any other provision of any Transaction
            Document the Company shall have no liability in respect of any
            amount due by it to the Seller under or in connection with any
            Transaction Document, except:

            (i)   to the extent it (or some other person on its behalf) receives
                  or recovers amounts due to it for payment to the Seller as a
                  result of a drawing under a SPV Loan Agreement following the
                  issuance of Commercial Paper Notes or drawings under the
                  Liquidity Facility Agreement; or

            (ii)  in the case of an amount payable to the Seller under clause
                  2.1(j), to the extent it is received or recovered in
                  accordance with clause 4.1(b), and an amount received or
                  recovered in accordance with clause 4.2.

      (b)   (RELEASE) The Seller waives all claims (including without limitation
            in respect of misleading and deceptive conduct) it may have against
            the Company or any of its officers, employees or agents under or in
            connection with the Transaction Documents to the extent to which the
            Company is not liable under paragraph (a).

      (c)   (ABSOLUTE RELEASE) Without limiting paragraph (b), with effect from
            the date 12 calendar months after the termination of the entire RPA
            Commitment, each party irrevocably releases each other party from
            all of its obligations (if any) (including, without limitation, any
            payment obligations) under any Future Agreement.

15.2  UNRESTRICTED REMEDIES

      Nothing in clause 15.1 limits the Seller in:

      (a)   obtaining or taking any proceedings to obtain an injunction or other
            order to restrain any breach of any Transaction Document by any
            party; or

      (b)   obtaining or taking any proceedings to obtain declaratory relief in
            relation to any provision of any Transaction Document in relation to
            any party.

                                                                         Page 63

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

15.3  RESTRICTED REMEDIES

      Except as provided in clause 15.2, the Seller shall not, to the extent to
      which the Company is not liable under clause 15.1:

      (a)   (JUDGMENT) apply or take any proceedings for the obtaining of a
            judgment for the payment of money or damages by the Company;

      (b)   (WINDING UP) apply or take any proceedings for the winding up of the
            Company;

      (c)   (EXECUTION) levy or enforce any distress or other execution to on or
            against any assets of the Company or take any proceedings for that
            purpose;

      (d)   (COURT APPOINTED RECEIVER) apply to take any proceedings for the
            appointment of a receiver by a court to any of the assets of the
            Company; or

      (e)   (SET-OFF OR COUNTERCLAIM) exercise or seek to exercise or take any
            proceedings for the exercising of any right of set-off or
            counterclaim against the Company,

      and the Seller waives its rights in respect of those applications and
      proceedings.

15.4  SURVIVAL

      This clause 15 survives termination or discharge of any Transaction
      Document.

16.   INTEREST ON OVERDUE AMOUNTS

16.1  ACCRUAL

      Interest accrues on each unpaid amount which is due and payable by the
      Seller or the Servicer under or in respect of any Transaction Document
      (including interest payable under this clause):

      (a)   on a daily basis up to the date of actual payment from (and
            including) the due date or, in the case of an amount payable by way
            of reimbursement or indemnity, the date of disbursement or loss, if
            earlier;

      (b)   both before and after judgment (as a separate and independent
            obligation); and

      (c)   at the Alternate Base Rate.

      This clause does not apply in relation to the extent that the Collections
      on any Remittance Date are not sufficient to pay the Carrying Costs and
      the Retention Amount on that Remittance Date.

16.2  PAYMENT

      The relevant Seller or the Servicer (as the case may be) shall pay
      interest accrued under this clause on demand and on the last Business Day
      of each calendar month.

17.   MISCELLANEOUS

17.1  NOTICES

      Unless otherwise provided in this agreement, all notices, requests,
      demands, consents, approvals, agreements or other communications to or by
      a party to this agreement:

      (a)   must be in writing;

                                                                         Page 64

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

      (b)   must be signed by an Authorised Officer of the sender; and

      (c)   will be taken to be duly given or made:

            (i)   (in the case of delivery in person or by post or facsimile
                  transmission) when delivered, received or left at the address
                  of the recipient shown in this agreement or to any other
                  address which it may have notified the sender; or

            (ii)  (in the case of a telex) on receipt by the sender of the
                  answerback code of the recipient at the end of transmission,

            but if delivery or receipt is on a day on which business is not
            generally carried on in the place to which the communication is sent
            or is later than 4 pm (local time), it will be taken to have been
            duly given or made at the commencement of business on the next day
            on which business is generally carried on in that place.

17.2  SEVERABILITY CLAUSE

      Any provisions of any Transaction Document other than clause 15 (and
      similar provisions in the other Transaction Documents) which are
      prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction is ineffective to the
      extent of the prohibition or unenforceability. That does not invalidate
      the remaining provisions of that Transaction Document nor affect the
      validity or enforceability of that provision in any other jurisdiction.

17.3  AMENDMENTS

      This agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties under this
      agreement may only be changed by an instrument in writing signed by each
      party to this agreement if at least 15 days prior written notice is given
      to the Rating Agencies.

17.4  GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

      Each Transaction Document is governed by the laws of New South Wales. Each
      party submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of courts exercising
      jurisdiction there.

17.5  SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND INDEMNITIES

      (a)   All representations and warranties in a Transaction Document survive
            the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents.

      (b)   Unless otherwise stated each indemnity reimbursement or similar
            obligation in any Transaction Document:

            (i)   is a continuing obligation;

            (ii)  is a separate and independent obligation;

            (iii) is payable on demand; and

            (iv)  survives termination or discharge of this agreement and each
                  Future Agreement.

17.6  NO BANKRUPTCY PETITION AGAINST THE COMPANY

      The Seller and the Agent covenant and agree that prior to the date which
      is one year and one day after the payment in full of all Commercial Paper
      Notes it will not institute against, or join any other person in
      instituting against, the Company any liquidation proceedings.

                                                                         Page 65

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

17.7  SET-OFF

      (a)   (SELLER) Subject to any mandatory laws to the contrary which cannot
            be contracted out of and except as permitted by clauses 2.1(j),
            4.1(b)(iv), 4.2(a)(ii) and 4.8, the Seller irrevocably and
            unconditionally waives all right of set-off that it may have under
            contract, applicable law or otherwise with respect to any funds or
            monies of the Company at any time held by or in the possession of
            the Seller.

      (b)   (AGENT) The Seller irrevocably authorises Westpac to apply following
            an Early Amortisation Event any credit balance in any of its
            accounts with any branch of such person towards satisfaction of any
            sum then due and payable by it to such person under and in relation
            to any Future Agreement.

      (c)   (INDEMNITY) If, notwithstanding clause 17.7(a), for any reason the
            Seller exercises, or is entitled to exercise, a right of set-off
            with respect to any funds or monies of the Company, the Seller shall
            indemnify the Company on demand and shall pay the Company any moneys
            which it sets-off on demand.

17.8  COSTS AND EXPENSES

      (a)   (COSTS AND EXPENSES) On demand the Seller shall reimburse the
            Company or the Agent for the reasonable expenses of the Company or
            the Agent (as applicable) in relation to:

            (i)   the preparation, execution and completion of the Transaction
                  Documents or any subsequent consent, approval, waiver or
                  amendment (it being acknowledged that the parties have agreed
                  in writing the expenses insofar as they relate to the
                  preparation, execution and completion of the Transaction
                  Documents); and

            (ii)  any actual or contemplated enforcement of any Transaction
                  Document, the actual or contemplated exercise, preservation or
                  consideration of any rights (other than any right of
                  assignment conferred by clause 14), powers or remedies under
                  any Transaction Document or in relation to the Purchased
                  Receivables; and

            (iii) any inquiry by a Governmental Agency concerning the Seller or
                  the Servicer or a transaction or activity the subject of any
                  Transaction Document,

            including expenses reasonably incurred in retaining consultants to
            evaluate matters of material concern to the Company or the Agent on
            a full indemnity basis (but excluding all expenses and costs
            incurred in connection with the time of its executives or in house
            lawyers or in connection with any tombstone advertisement referred
            to in clause 18.1(b)).

      (b)   (STAMP DUTY)

            (i)   In addition, the Seller shall, subject to this clause 17.8(b),
                  pay all stamp, transaction, registration and similar Taxes
                  (including fines and penalties) which may be payable or
                  determined to be payable in relation to the execution,
                  delivery, performance or enforcement of any Transaction
                  Document or any payment or receipt or any other transaction
                  contemplated by any Transaction Document.

            (ii)  Those Taxes include financial institutions duty, debits tax or
                  other Taxes payable by return and Taxes passed on to the
                  Company or the Agent by a bank or financial institution but,
                  for the avoidance of doubt, do not include GST.

                                                                         Page 66

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

            (iii) On demand the Seller shall indemnify the Company and the Agent
                  against any liability resulting from delay or omission to pay
                  those Taxes except to the extent the liability results from
                  failure by the Company or the Agent to pay any Tax after
                  having been put in funds to do so by the Seller.

            (iv)  The Seller is not obliged to pay any stamp, transaction,
                  registration or similar Taxes (including fines and penalties)
                  which may be payable or determined to be payable in relation
                  to any assignment by the Company pursuant to Clause 14 of this
                  agreement.

17.9  WAIVERS; REMEDIES CUMULATIVE

      (a)   No failure on the part of the Agent or the Company to exercise and
            no delay in exercising any right, power or remedy under any
            Transaction Document operates as a waiver. Nor does any single or
            partial exercise of any right, power or remedy preclude any other or
            further exercise of that or any other right, power or remedy.

      (b)   The rights, powers and remedies provided to the Agent and the
            Company in the Transaction Documents are in addition to, and do not
            exclude or limit, any right, power or remedy provided by law.

18.   CONFIDENTIALITY

18.1  CONFIDENTIALITY

      (a)   Each party to this agreement acknowledges that the Agent regards the
            structure of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
            Documents to be proprietary, and each such party severally agrees
            that:

            (i)   subject to paragraph(ii), it will not disclose without the
                  prior consent of the Agent (other than to the directors,
                  employees, auditors, counsel, affiliates or Related
                  Corporations (collectively, REPRESENTATIVES) of such party,
                  each of whom shall be informed by such party of the
                  confidential nature of the Information and of the terms of
                  this clause 18:

                  (A)   any information regarding, or copies of, any Transaction
                        Document or any transaction contemplated by any
                        Transaction Document;

                  (B)   any information regarding the organisation or business
                        of the Company, Sydney Corp or Waratah Securities
                        generally; or

                  (C)   any information regarding Westpac which information is
                        furnished by Westpac to such party and which is
                        designated by Westpac to such party in writing or
                        otherwise as confidential or not otherwise available to
                        the general public,

                  (the information referred to in Clauses (A), (B) and (C) is
                  collectively referred to as the INFORMATION); and

                  (ii)  such party may disclose any such Information:

                                                                         Page 67

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

                        (A)   to any other party to this agreement for the
                              purposes contemplated by this agreement;

                        (B)   as may be required by any Governmental Agency;

                        (C)   in order to comply with any law, order,
                              regulation, regulatory request or ruling
                              applicable to such party (including, without
                              limitation, any request or requirement of the
                              Australian Stock Exchange); or

                        (D)   subject to clause 18(c), in the event such party
                              is legally compelled (by interrogatories, requests
                              for information or copies, subpoena, civil
                              investigative demand or similar process) to
                              disclose any such Information;

                        (E)   to the extent it is publicly available or becomes
                              publicly available other than as a result of
                              breach of this clause 18.1;

                        (F)   to any person in the course of an offer by any of
                              such party's shareholders to sell their shares in
                              such party, provided that such information is
                              disclosed only after the person has executed and
                              delivered to the Agent a written agreement to
                              comply with, and be bound by, the provisions of
                              this clause 18.1 as if it were a party to this
                              agreement; or

                        (G)   in or in connection with a prospectus or other
                              document relating to an offer of shares in the
                              capital or other securities of such party or any
                              of its Related Corporation.

                  (iii) it will use the Information solely for the purposes of
                        evaluating, administering and enforcing the transactions
                        contemplated by Transaction Documents and making any
                        necessary business judgments with respect thereto; and

                  (iv)  it will, upon demand, return (and cause each of its
                        representatives to return) to the Agent all documents or
                        other written material received from the Agent in
                        connection with (a)(i)(A) above and all copies thereof
                        made by such party which contain the Information.

            (b)   Notwithstanding any provision in this agreement to the
                  contrary, the Seller and the Servicer agree that the Agent may
                  refer to the Seller or Servicer's name in connection with the
                  issuance of any tombstone advertisement that refers to the
                  securitisation contemplated by this agreement.

            (c)   This clause 18 shall be inoperative as to such portions of the
                  Information which are or become generally available to the
                  public or such party on a non-confidential basis from a source
                  other than Westpac or were known to such party on a
                  non-confidential basis prior to its disclosure by Westpac.

            (d)   In the event that any party or anyone to whom such party or
                  its representatives transmits the Information is requested or
                  becomes legally compelled (by interrogatories, requests for
                  information or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand
                  or similar process) to disclose any of the Information, such
                  party will:

                                                                         Page 68

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

            (i)   provide the Agent with prompt written notice so that the Agent
                  may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy and/or
                  waive compliance with the provisions of this clause 18;

            (ii)  unless the Agent waives compliance by such party with the
                  provisions of this clause 18, make a timely objection to the
                  request or confirmation to provide such Information on the
                  basis that such Information is confidential and subject to the
                  agreements contained in this clause 18, provided that such
                  party is not required to make such an objection if:

                  (A)   the objection has no reasonable prospect of success; or

                  (B)   that party is not indemnified to its satisfaction in
                        respect of those costs by the Agent; and

            (iii) comply with any protective order or other appropriate remedy.

            In the event that such protective order or other remedy is not
            obtained, or the Agent waives compliance with the provisions of this
            clause 18, such party will furnish only that portion of the
            Information which is legally required to furnish and will exercise
            such party's best efforts to obtain reliable assurance that
            confidential treatment will be accorded the Information.

      (e)   This clause 18 shall survive termination of this agreement and the
            Transaction Documents.

18.2  COUNTERPARTS

      This agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts. All
      counterparts together will be taken to constitute one instrument.

19.   GST

19.1  INTERPRETATION

      Words or expressions used in this clause 19 which are not defined in
      clause 1.1 of this agreement have the same meaning as in the GST
      Legislation.

19.2  CONSIDERATION IS GST EXCLUSIVE

      Any consideration to be paid or provided to the Seller for a supply made
      by the Seller under or in connection with this agreement does not include
      an amount in respect of GST.

19.3  GROSS UP OF CONSIDERATION

      If GST is payable by the Seller (or, if the Seller is in a GST group, the
      representative member of that GST group) in respect of any taxable supply
      made by the Seller under or in connection with this agreement:

      (a)   the consideration payable or to be provided for that taxable supply
            under this agreement but for the application of this clause is
            increased by, and the recipient of the supply ('RECIPIENT') must
            also pay to the Seller, an amount ('GST AMOUNT') equal to the GST
            payable in respect of that taxable supply, but only to the extent to
            which the Recipient (or, if the Recipient is in a GST group, the
            representative member of that GST Group) receives

                                                                         Page 69

<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement

            an Input Tax Credit or Reduced Input Tax Credit in respect of the
            Recipient's acquisition of that taxable supply; and

      (b)   the GST Amount must be paid to the Seller by the Recipient without
            set off, deduction or requirement for demand within 5 Business days
            following the date the Recipient receives the relevant GST refund or
            otherwise receives benefit of the Input Tax Credit or Reduced Input
            Tax Credit provided that the Seller has provided the Recipient with
            a valid tax invoice in respect of the relevant taxable supply.

19.4  REIMBURSEMENTS (NET DOWN)

      If a payment to a party under this agreement (except for any Instalment)
      is a reimbursement or indemnification, calculated by reference to a loss,
      cost or expense incurred by that party, then the payment will be reduced
      by the amount of any Input Tax Credit or Reduced Input Tax Credit to which
      that party (or, if that party is in a GST group, the representative member
      of that GST Group) is entitled for that loss, cost or expense.

20.   PRIVACY

      The Seller must, where reasonably practicable, make all disclosures the
      Company would be required to make under the Privacy Act 1988 in order to
      use the Personal Information to perform the Company's obligations under
      the Transaction Documents, the Receivables, the Contracts and the Related
      Agreements.

21.   CODE OF BANKING PRACTICE (2003)

      The Code of Banking Practice (2003) does not apply to this agreement or
      any banking service provided under it.

EXECUTED as an agreement

SELLER

SIGNED on behalf of TECH PACIFIC HOLDINGS PTY
LIMITED by its attorney                   in the presence of:

/s/ John Hambly                           /s/ Alex Lee
- ----------------------                    -----------------------
Signature                                 Signature

John Hambly, Partner                      Alex Lee, Witness
- ----------------------                    -----------------------
Print Name                                Print Name

                                                                         Page 70
<PAGE>

Receivables Purchase Agreement
__________________________                    __________________________________
Office held                                   Office held

COMPANY

SIGNED on behalf of WARATAH RECEIVABLES
CORPORATION PTY LIMITED by its attorney
                                              in the presence of:

/s/ Mark Wormell                              /s/ Alex Lee
- --------------------------                    --------------------------
Signature                                     Signature

Mark Wormell, Partner                         Alex Lee, Witness
- --------------------------                    --------------------------
Print Name                                    Print Name

AGENT & BACK-UP SERVICER

SIGNED on behalf of WESTPAC BANKING
CORPORATION by its attorney
                                              in the presence of:

/s/ Mark Wormell                              /s/ Alex Lee
- --------------------------                    --------------------------
Signature                                     Signature

Mark Wormell, Partner                         Alex Lee, Witness
- --------------------------                    --------------------------
Print Name                                    Print Name

                                                                         Page 71

