-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 FeF3EcPu7i91sNC+cmzetnepaxxeZpJUKqRLxPS18s8nSQHdP8NPsdLge2b06qTt
 AmXUGiQSaCkGEsNXkHhkOA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000910647-04-000417.txt : 20041229
<SEC-HEADER>0000910647-04-000417.hdr.sgml : 20041229
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041229145226
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000910647-04-000417
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041222
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041229
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041229

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PARLEX CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000724988
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PRINTED CIRCUIT BOARDS [3672]
		IRS NUMBER:				042464749
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-12942
		FILM NUMBER:		041230806

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE PARLEX PLACE
		CITY:			METHUEN
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01844
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5086854341
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>parl-8k7.txt
<DESCRIPTION>BODY OF FORM 8-K
<TEXT>

                                UNITED STATES
                     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                           WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549


                                  FORM 8-K


                           Current Report Pursuant
                        to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                       Securities Exchange Act of 1934


  Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)    December 22, 2004
                                                   -----------------------


                             PARLEX CORPORATION
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
           (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)


                                Massachusetts
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
               (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)


               0-12942                               04-2464749
      ------------------------            ---------------------------------
      (Commission File Number)            (IRS Employer Identification No.)



          One Parlex Place, Methuen, Massachusetts         01844
          --------------------------------------------------------
          (Address of Principal Executive Offices)      (Zip Code)


                               (978) 685-4341
            ----------------------------------------------------
            (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of
the following provisions:

      [ ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

      [ ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

      [ ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

      [ ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


<PAGE>


Item 1.01  ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT.

      On December 22, 2004, Parlex Corporation and certain of its
subsidiaries (collectively, "Parlex") entered into a Joint Venture
Agreement, Stock Transfer Agreement and License Agreement (collectively, the
"Agreements") with Infineon Technologies Asia Pacific Pte Ltd ("Infineon"),
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infineon Technologies AG.  Pursuant to the
Agreements, Infineon will purchase, for an aggregate $3,000,000, a 49%
interest in a new entity to be formed by Parlex under the laws of Hong Kong
("HoldCo").  HoldCo, in turn, shall own a new entity ("NewCo") to be formed
under the laws of the People's Republic of China ("PRC").  At or before
closing, Parlex shall transfer to NewCo all of the assets relating to its
production of substrates for Infineon, the world's largest producer of so-
called "smart cards".  Under the terms of the Agreements, Parlex is required
to obtain certain governmental approvals from the PRC with respect to NewCo,
and be able to consummate the transaction no later than March 31, 2005 (the
"Outside Closing Date").

      Upon execution of the Agreements, Parlex received a deposit of an
aggregate $1,000,000 of the total purchase price.  Specifically, Infineon
paid $500,000 to Parlex as consideration for the License Agreement, pursuant
to which Parlex granted Infineon a license relating to certain proprietary
technology used in connection with the production of the substrates.  Under
the Agreements, Infineon is required to assign the license to NewCo at
closing, so long as the transaction closes on or before the Outside Closing
Date.  Infineon also paid $500,000 of the $2,500,000 to be payable to Parlex
under the Stock Transfer Agreement, with the remaining $2,000,000 to be paid
at closing.  In the event the transaction is not consummated on or before
the Outside Closing Date, Parlex is required to repay the $1,000,000, or
Infineon shall be entitled to offset such amount against Parlex's substrate-
related invoices submitted to Infineon.

      Infineon and Parlex each have a right of pre-emption in the event
either entity attempts to sell its interest in HoldCo.  In addition, each of
Parlex and Infineon has specific rights to purchase some or all of the other
entity's interest in HoldCo, or sell its interest in Holdco to the other
entity, upon the occurrence of certain events.  Specifically:

      1.    Infineon has the right to purchase all (but not less than all)
of Parlex's interest in HoldCo at any time within three (3) years after the
closing date of the transaction if:

            a.    Parlex fails to meet certain specified performance
                  criteria with regard to yield, delivery, reliability and
                  quality for a period of not more than six (6) consecutive
                  months and after notice is given by Infineon to Parlex
                  specifying the nature and extent of the performance
                  issues;

            b.    Parlex (or any affiliate of Parlex) enters into a
                  definitive agreement to transfer a controlling interest in
                  Parlex (or any affiliate of Parlex) to a company that is
                  then in the business of manufacturing smart cards and or
                  smart cards ICs and is a direct competitor to Infineon, or
                  any Infineon affiliate, and on a list of specified
                  entities;

            c.    a voluntary or involuntary proceeding is commenced with
                  respect to Parlex's debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency
                  or similar law, or the appointment of a trustee or similar
                  official is sought, provided, however, that in the event
                  of an involuntary proceeding, Parlex shall be entitled to
                  a ninety (90) day grace period to dismiss or stay such
                  proceeding; or

            d.    NewCo fails to fulfill an exclusivity clause pursuant to
                  which it shall not sell its products to any other entity
                  on or before December 31, 2005.

      2.    Parlex has the right to purchase a portion of Infineon's
interest in HoldCo such that Parlex's interest shall equal 80.1% of HoldCo's
outstanding shares upon the occurrence of either of the following:

            a.    at Parlex's sole discretion, provided that Parlex may only
                  exercise such option during the time period commencing 12
                  months after the closing date and terminating 24 months
                  after the closing date; or


<PAGE>  2


            b.    upon Infineon's failure to meet certain minimum volume
                  requirements relating to the purchase of NewCo-produced
                  substrates, provided, however, that Parlex may only
                  exercise such option during the time period commencing 24
                  months after the closing date and terminating 36 months
                  after the closing date.

      3.    Infineon may also require Parlex to purchase Infineon's interest
in HoldCo, as follows:

            a.    Infineon has the option to sell, at its sole discretion,
                  either (i) all (and not less than all) of its interest in
                  HoldCo, or (ii) such portion of its interest in HoldCo as
                  will result in Infineon owning 19.9% of HoldCo following
                  such sale; and

            b.    Infineon's option to sell all or a portion of its interest
                  in HoldCo to Parlex shall only be exercisable in the event
                  that Parlex (or any other entity that owns an interest in
                  HoldCo) has entered into an agreement which will cause a
                  "Change of Control".  For this purpose, a "Change of
                  Control" shall be deemed to occur if any person becomes
                  the beneficial owner of 50% or more of the combined voting
                  power of Parlex (or any other entity that owns an interest
                  in HoldCo) (subject to certain exceptions such as the
                  acquisition of shares by an employee benefit plan, etc.).

      4.    The price at which such shares shall be purchased and sold in
the event of any of the above is pre-determined and is based on (i) the
value of HoldCo as established by this transaction, (ii) HoldCo's net
income, and (iii) a premium of five percent (5%).

      In connection with the transaction, Parlex and Infineon shall at
closing also enter into a number of ancillary agreements, including those
relating to the supply of substrates to Infineon and the provision of
certain services by Parlex to NewCo.

      On December 28, 2004, Parlex Corporation issued a press release
summarizing these matters.  A copy of the press release is attached hereto
as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.
           ----------------------------------

      (c)   Exhibits.

            10.1  Joint Venure Agreement, dated December 22, 2004, by and
                  between Parlex Asia Pacific Ltd. and Infineon Technologies
                  Asia Pacific Pte Ltd.

            10.2  Stock Transfer Agreement, dated December 22, 2004, by and
                  among Parlex Corporation, Parlex Asia Pacific Ltd. and
                  Infineon Technologies Asia Pacific Pte Ltd.

            10.3  License Agreement, dated December 22, 2004, by and among
                  Parlex Corporation and Infineon Technologies Asia Pacific
                  Pte Ltd.

            99.1  Press Release of Parlex Corporation dated December 28,
                  2004.

                                 SIGNATURES

      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                       PARLEX CORPORATION
                                       (Registrant)


                                       By:  /s/ Jonathan R. Kosheff
                                            -----------------------
                                            Jonathan R. Kosheff
                                            Chief Financial Officer

Date:  December 29, 2004


<PAGE>  3

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>parl7-101.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>

                                                               Exhibit 10.1




                           Joint Venture Agreement
                           -----------------------


                       This Agreement is made between


                          Parlex Asia Pacific Ltd.,

a corporation organized and existing under the laws of Hong Kong and having
its registered office at 2802 Admiralty Centre Tower One, 18 Harcourt Road,
Hong Kong

                    hereinafter referred to as "Parlex";



                 Infineon Technologies Asia Pacific Pte Ltd
                 (Company Registration Number: 197000667M),

     a corporation organized and existing under the laws of Singapore and
     having its registered office at 168, Kallang Way, Singapore 349253

                   hereinafter referred to as "Infineon".


      Infineon and Parlex are hereinafter individually referred to as a
                 "Party" and collectively as the "Parties".


<PAGE>


                              TABLE OF CONTENTS
                              -----------------

Preamble                                                                  1
- --------
1.    Definitions                                                         2
- --    -----------
2.    Establishment of the Companies                                      3
- --    ------------------------------
3.    Transfer of Certain Assets to NewCo                                 5
- --    -----------------------------------
4.    Financing of the Companies                                          7
- --    --------------------------
5.    Pre-emption Rights, Call and Put Option                             8
- --    ---------------------------------------
6.    Ancillary Agreements                                               15
- --     -------
7.    Shareholders' Meeting of HoldCo                                    16
- --    -------------------------------
8.    Board of Directors                                                 17
- --    ------------------
9.    Management of the Companies                                        19
- --    ---------------------------
10.   Staff                                                              20
- ---   -----
11.   Organisational Structure                                           21
- ---   ------------------------
12.   Operation of the Company                                           21
- ---   ------------------------
13.   Accounting and Financial Reporting                                 21
- ---   ----------------------------------
14.   Dividend Policy                                                    23
- ---   ---------------
15.   Foreign Exchange Rate                                              24
- ---   ---------------------
16.   Confidentiality                                                    24
- ---   ---------------
17.   Conditions Precedent                                               25
- ---   --------------------
18.   Representation and Warranties of Parlex                            25
- ---   ---------------------------------------
19.   Representation and Warranties of Infineon                          26
- ---   -----------------------------------------
20.   Deadlock Resolution Procedure                                      27
- ---   -----------------------------
21.   Term and Termination                                               29
- ---   --------------------
22.   Dissolution                                                        32
- ---   -----------
23.   Applicable law                                                     32
- ---   --------------
24.   Dispute Resolution                                                 32
- ---   ------------------
25.   Miscellaneous                                                      34
- ---   -------------


<PAGE>  i


List of Exhibits:
- ----------------

2.2     Name of NewCo in Chinese language
2.5 a - Memorandum and Articles of Association (HoldCo)
2.5 b - Articles of Incorporation (NewCo)
3.1 - Equipment and Software Licenses
3.2 - Employees
3.3 - Suppliers
4.1 - Business Plan
4.3 - Inventory
5.3.1(a) - Formula for Infineon Call Option
5.3.1(b) - Performance Criteria for Infineon Call Option
5.3.1(c) - Competitors
5.3.2(a) - Formula for Parlex Call Option
5.3.2(b) - Minimum Volume Requirement
6.2 - Supply Agreement
6.4 - NewCo Lease
6.5 - Services Agreement
6.7 - Laser Drilling Service Agreement
8.4 - Rules of Procedure (for each of the Companies)
11 - Organizational Structure - NewCo


<PAGE>  ii


Preamble
- --------

This Agreement is being entered into under the following circumstances:

Whereas, Infineon's ultimate shareholder, Infineon Technologies AG, of
Munich, Germany, is presently engaged, inter alia, in the development,
manufacture and sale of integrated circuits and modules for smart cards;
and

Whereas, Parlex Asia Pacific Ltd., through its subsidiary, Parlex
(Shanghai) Interconnect Products Co., Ltd. ("Parlex Shanghai"), based in
Shanghai, PRC, is presently engaged, inter alia, in the development and
manufacture and sale of FCOS(TM) substrate and flip chip module substrate
materials and is supplying such product to Infineon Technologies AG; and

Whereas, Parlex has decided to spin-off its Smart Card substrate
manufacturing business of Parlex Shanghai ("Carved Out Business") into a
Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise based in Shanghai to be held by an
investment company based in Hong Kong in which each of Parlex and
Infineon will be shareholders.

Now, therefore, for and in consideration of the premises and mutual
covenants herein contained, Infineon and Parlex hereby set forth their
agreement as follows:


<PAGE>


1.    Definitions
- -----------------

Wherever the following terms are used in this Agreement, or in any of its
annexes, they shall be understood as defined below.

1.1   "Affiliate" means any corporation, other juridical entity,
partnership or other business enterprise which qualifies under any one of
the following:

      a)    Which owns or controls, directly or indirectly, fifty per cent
            (50 %) or more of the voting rights with respect to the
            election of directors of a Party hereto;

      b)    Of which fifty per cent (50 %) or more of the voting rights
            with respect to the election of directors is owned or
            controlled, directly or indirectly, by a Party hereto;

      c)    Of which fifty per cent (50 %) or more of the total voting
            rights with respect to the election of directors is owned or
            controlled, directly or indirectly, by any corporation, other
            juridical entity, partnership or other business enterprise
            qualifying under clauses a) or b) above.

1.2   "Agreement" means this Joint Venture Agreement and its Exhibits.

1.3   "Companies" means NewCo and HoldCo and "Company" shall mean any one
      of them.

1.4   "HoldCo" is referring to a company established in Hong Kong which is
      the sole investor in NewCo.

1.5   "Long Stop Date" means 31 March 2005.

1.6   "NewCo" is referring to the Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise based in
      Shanghai, PRC, to which Parlex shall spin-off its Smart Card
      substrate manufacturing business.

1.7   "Parlex Corporation" means Parlex Corporation, a Massachusetts
      Corporation with its place of business at One Parlex Place, Methuen,
      MA 01844.


<PAGE>


1.8   "PRC" refers to People's Republic of China.

1.9   "Products" means FCOS(TM) substrate and flip chip module substrate
      material.

1.10  The following terms are defined in the following Clauses of this
      Agreement.

      a)    Ancillary Agreement         in Clause 6
      b)    Auditor                     in Clause 13.3
      c)    Business Plan               in Clause 4
      d)    Closing Date                in Clause 3.1
      e)    Rules of Procedure          in Clause 8.4
      f)    Effective Date              in Clause 21.1
      g)    Stock Transfer Agreement    in Clause 6.3

2.    Establishment of the Companies
- ------------------------------------

2.1   Organisation and Registration

      a)    Parlex shall upon execution of this Agreement and without undue
      delay, organize and register HoldCo in the legal form of a company
      limited by shares under the laws of Hong Kong. It is agreed that the
      HoldCo shall be incorporated within 3 weeks of signing of this
      Agreement.

      b)    Upon registration of HoldCo, Parlex shall organize and register
      NewCo as a Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise in the form of a limited
      liability company under the laws of PRC where HoldCo shall be the
      sole shareholder of NewCo. The parties acknowledge and understand
      that the process to apply for the issuance of a business license and
      to register NewCo may take approximately 100 days, but Parlex shall
      exercise its best efforts to procure the issuance of a business
      license and to register NewCo. In the event that NewCo is not
      registered and the business licence is not issued by the Long Stop
      Date, Article II, Section 2.2(a)(ii) and (iii) of the Stock Transfer
      Agreement will apply accordingly.


<PAGE>


      c)    The Parties hereto shall closely cooperate and consult with
      each other with respect to the procedures and particulars of the
      organization and registration of the Companies.

2.2   Company Names

      a)    The name of HoldCo shall be Pacific Advanced Interconnect
      Products Ltd.

      b)    The name of NewCo in the Chinese language shall be as set forth
      in Exhibit 2.2 and Shanghai Advanced Interconnect Products Ltd. in
      the English language.

2.3   Head Office

      a)    HoldCo shall have its registered seat and administrative head
      office in Hong Kong.

      b)    NewCo shall have its registered seat and administrative head
      office in Shanghai.

2.4   Business Scope of the Companies

      a)    The business scope of HoldCo shall be to hold the investment
      in NewCo and to act as a trading company.

      b)    The business scope of NewCo shall be the production of FCOS(TM)
      substrate and flip chip module substrate materials as well as RFID
      antennas and the further development of these product technologies
      only (process and equipment). All activities of NewCo shall comply
      with relevant prevailing published laws and regulations of PRC at all
      times.

2.5   Articles of the Companies

a)    HoldCo shall adopt the Memorandum and Articles of Association
pursuant to the laws of Hong Kong in the form as attached to this Agreement
as Exhibit 2.5 a) by the Closing Date.

b)    NewCo shall adopt Articles of Incorporation pursuant to the laws of
the PRC in the form as attached to this Agreement as Exhibit 2.5 b). It is
agreed that in the event that there is any inconsistency between the
Chinese and English versions of the Articles of Incorporation of the NewCo,
the English version of the NewCo's Articles of Incorporation shall prevail.


<PAGE>


c)    The Memorandum and Articles of Association of HoldCo and the Articles
of Incorporation of NewCo (collectively defined as the "Articles") shall be
consistent with the terms of this Agreement and in case of any conflict the
terms of this Agreement shall prevail as between the Parties. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Parties shall exercise all
rights available to them to give effect to the terms of this Agreement and
shall take all reasonable steps to amend the respective Articles to the
extent necessary to remove such inconsistency or conflict.

2.6   Share Capital of HoldCo

HoldCo shall have a share capital of 10,000 Hong Kong Dollars divided into
10,000 shares at a par value of one Hong Kong Dollar per share. Shares at
equal par value shall carry equal rights and obligations.

Any shares of HoldCo ("HoldCo Shares") issued through capital increase
shall be offered by HoldCo to the Parties exclusively unless the Parties
hereto otherwise mutually agree in writing.

The Parties have the pre-emptive right to subscribe for such new HoldCo
Shares in proportion to their then respective shareholding in HoldCo. If a
Party refuses to accept such offer in whole or in part, then the other
Party shall be entitled to subscribe to such HoldCo Shares not subscribed
to by the refusing Party and the Parties shall procure a resolution of
shareholders of HoldCo to be passed to approve the allotment of such
HoldCo Shares.

2.7   Total Registered Capital of NewCo

The registered capital of NewCo shall be Five Million US Dollars (the
"Registered Capital").

3.    Transfer of Certain Assets to NewCo
- -----------------------------------------

3.1   Parlex shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, to NewCo
simultaneously on the Closing Date, as said term is defined in the Stock
Transfer Agreement, the equipment and relevant software and software
licenses listed in Exhibit 3.1 that is attached hereto ("Equipment").
Parlex and Infineon (where applicable) shall promptly upon execution of
this Agreement cause the timely execution and filing of all legal documents
by NewCo, Parlex and any other Parlex's Affiliate required for the proper
and effective transfer of Equipment to NewCo by the Closing Date.


<PAGE>


3.2   Parlex shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, to NewCo
simultaneously on the Closing Date, the employees listed in Exhibit 3.2
that is attached hereto ("Employees") and were formerly employed by Parlex,
Parlex Shanghai or its Affiliate. Parlex and Infineon (where applicable)
shall promptly upon execution of this Agreement cause the timely execution
and filing by NewCo, Parlex, Parlex Shanghai and any other Parlex's
Affiliates of all legal documents required for the proper and effective
transfer of Employees to NewCo by the Closing Date. For the avoidance of
doubt, it is agreed that any compensation benefits or any other amounts due
to the Employees under all applicable laws and requirements and arising or
accruing prior to the Closing Date ("Accrued Benefits") shall be solely
borne by Parlex and NewCo is not required to make any payment of such
Accrued Benefits to the Employees. Any such benefits or other amounts
arising or accruing on or after the Closing Date which are not Accrued
Benefits shall be solely borne by NewCo.

3.3   Parlex and any relevant Parlex Affiliate shall use its best efforts
to assist NewCo in establishing trading relationships with the suppliers
listed in Exhibit 3.3 which is attached hereto ("Suppliers") on or as soon
as reasonably possible after the Closing Date, in order for NewCo to obtain
such materials and services from the Suppliers which are required for its
operations at terms no less favorable than those enjoyed by Parlex and/or
Parlex Shanghai. In addition, on or as soon as reasonably possible after
the Closing Date, Parlex shall provide NewCo with the details of all open
purchase orders and contracts, if any, that are necessary for NewCo to take
over the manufacturing of Products and shall transfer its respective legal
rights and obligations under such purchase orders and contracts to NewCo.
For the avoidance of doubt, all open purchase orders and contracts between
Parlex, Parlex Corporation or any relevant Parlex Affiliate and Infineon
and/or any Infineon's Affiliate shall be transferred to NewCo on the
Closing Date and Parlex, Parlex Corporation and/or any relevant Parlex
Affiliate and Infineon (where applicable) shall promptly upon execution of
this Agreement cause the timely execution and filing by NewCo and Parlex,
Parlex Corporation and/or any relevant Parlex Affiliate to give effect to
the foregoing.


<PAGE>


3.4   Subject to the provisions of Clause 2.2 and 2.3 of the Stock Transfer
Agreement, Infineon shall assign and transfer, or cause to be assigned and
transferred, to NewCo simultaneously on the Closing Date, all of its
rights, title and interest under the License Agreement dated between
Infineon and Parlex Corporation of even date.

4.    Financing of the Companies
- --------------------------------

4.1   The Parties agree that NewCo and HoldCo together shall require a
      total working capital of US$500,000.00 in the aggregate in accordance
      with the Business Plan attached in Exhibit 4.1 ("Business Plan").

4.2   At the Closing Date, Infineon and Parlex shall provide shareholder
      loans in proportion to their respective share ownership in HoldCo and
      on equal terms and conditions up to a maximum amount of US$500,000 in
      the aggregate to HoldCo that shall then loan the money to NewCo
      except that the Parties understand and agree that Parlex may be
      transferring inventory in lieu of United States Dollars as its
      initial shareholder loan. It is agreed that the contribution of the
      Parties pursuant to the provisions of this Clause shall be in
      accordance with the terms and conditions of a Shareholder Loan
      Agreement to be entered into by the Parties on the Closing Date.

4.3   The transfer of inventory by Parlex in accordance with Clause 4.2
      shall take place simultaneously on the Closing Date and shall consist
      of the inventory to be listed on Exhibit 4.3 ("Inventory"), such
      Exhibit 4.3 to be provided to the parties within five (5) Business
      Days after the Closing Date. Parlex and Infineon (where applicable)
      shall promptly upon execution of this Agreement cause the timely
      execution and filing by NewCo, Parlex and any of Parlex's Affiliates
      of all legal documents, if any, required for the proper and effective
      transfer of the Inventory to either of the Companies (as the case may
      be) by the Closing Date. Infineon shall have the right to send a
      delegate to Parlex's premises in order to conduct a physical
      inspection and confirmation of the Inventory two days before Closing
      Date. In the event the value of the Inventory transferred exceeds
      US$255,000.00, then and in that event the Companies shall pay Parlex
      for the value of the Inventory in excess of US$255,000.00 within
      normal industry trade terms. For purposes of this Agreement, the
      Inventory being transferred by Parlex to either of the Companies
      shall be valued at its cost plus fifteen per cent (15%). In the event
      that the value of the


<PAGE>


      Inventory transferred is less than US$225,000.00, then Parlex shall
      loan the Companies the difference in cash on Closing Date.

4.4   Neither Party shall be under the obligation to make any further
      capital contributions, cash or loan advances to the Companies or to
      provide any collateral or security for any bank financing to be
      obtained by the Companies beyond the agreement on providing
      shareholder loans in this Clause 4 unless unanimously agreed to by
      the Board of Directors of HoldCo in order to support the ongoing
      needs of NewCo as required by the Business Plan.

4.5   The Board of Directors of HoldCo shall assess NewCo's cash flow and
      financial situation on a quarterly basis. If the Board of Directors
      of HoldCo by unanimous decision determines that NewCo requires
      additional capital contributions, it shall by written notice to the
      Parties call for the Parties to subscribe for additional shares of
      HoldCo in proportion to their respective pro rata shareholding based
      on the total number of issued shares of HoldCo then outstanding. To
      the extent a party does not fully subscribe to its pro rata share of
      such additional shares, the remaining party shall be entitled to
      purchase any of such unsubscribed shares in proportion to its pro
      rata shareholding. Each party agrees (i) to advise HoldCo of its
      intention to subscribe to its pro rata share of any additional shares
      at the earliest practicable date and in any event within thirty (30)
      days following a determination by the Board of Directors of HoldCo in
      accordance with [SECTION] 4(4) of the Rules of Procedure to issue
      additional shares and (ii) to pay the purchase price in cash for such
      shares not later than thirty (30) days thereafter.

5.    Pre-emption Rights, Call and Put Option
- ---------------------------------------------

5.1   Pre-emption Rights

In the case that either Party desires to sell to a bona fide third party
all or any of its shares in HoldCo, the transfer of such shares by a Party
to a third party shall be subject to the following conditions:

a)    If a Party ("the Offeror") wishes to transfer shares in HoldCo, it
      shall first offer them in writing ("the Offer") to the other Party
      ("the Offeree").


<PAGE>


b)    If within 21 days from receipt of the Offer the Offeree indicates in
      writing that it is not interested in purchasing the shares or does
      not reply to the Offer, the Offeror shall have the right to offer its
      shares to a bona fide third party. If within 21 days from receipt of
      the Offer the Offeree indicates in writing that it is interested in
      purchasing the shares, the Parties shall seek to agree on a
      reasonable purchase price.

c)    If the Parties fail to agree on the purchase price within 45 days
      from the time the Offer was received by the Offeree, the Offeror
      shall, within a period of one month commencing after the elapse of
      the aforementioned 45-day period, be entitled to request that a
      valuation specialist who has been engaged in the appraisal of
      businesses similar to the Company ("Valuation Specialist") prepare an
      opinion on the Fair Value of the shares.

      "Fair Value" shall mean fair value in the open market as between a
      willing seller and a willing buyer thereby acquiring control of the
      Company. In determining and certifying the Fair Value of the shares
      of the Company the Valuation Specialist shall act as expert and not
      as arbitrators and their determination of the Fair Value shall be
      final and binding on the Parties. The Valuation Specialist shall take
      into consideration and use any legitimate third party offer as part
      of the evaluation. The cost of the opinion of the Valuation
      Specialist shall be shared by the Offeror and the Offeree in
      proportion to their then respective shareholding.

e)    The Offeror shall inform the Offeree within 14 days from receiving
      the Valuation Specialist's opinion on the price whether it is
      prepared to sell its shares at the price stated in the opinion. If
      the Offeror refuses to sell its shares at that price or if it does
      not inform the Offeree within that 14 day period of its desire to
      sell its shares, it shall not be entitled to sell its shares to a
      third party.

f)    The Offeree shall inform the Offeror within 14 days after the Offeror
      has indicated his willingness to sell pursuant to Clause 5.1(e)
      whether it is prepared to purchase the shares at the price given in
      the Valuation Specialist's opinion. If the Offeree refuses to
      purchase the shares at this price or if it does not within the period
      of 14 days inform the Offeror in writing of its desire to purchase
      the shares, the Offeror shall have the right to offer his shares for
      sale to a third party. This right to offer its shares for sale to a
      third party will expire if such sale has not been consummated within
      one year.


<PAGE>


g)    If so required by the Offeree, the Offeror, when selling its shares
      to a third party, shall cause the third party, prior to and as a
      precondition to such transfer, to enter into an agreement with the
      other Party by which such third party agrees to be bound by the
      covenants of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements and to
      perform the obligations of the transferring Party under this
      Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements.

5.2   Transfer to Affiliate

The pre-emption rights contained in Clause 5.1 shall not apply to a
transfer of shares in HoldCo to an Affiliate of any Party. It is a
precondition for such transfer of shares that 1) the transferring Party
shall have caused such Affiliate to enter into an agreement with the other
Party by which such Affiliate agrees to be bound by the covenants of this
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements and to perform the obligations of
the transferring Party under this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements,
and that 2) the transferring Party shall have caused such Affiliate to
agree that should it at anytime cease to be an Affiliate it will before
this happens transfer all its shares in HoldCo to another Affiliate of the
original transferring Party.

5.3   Call Option

5.3.1 Call Option for Infineon

Parlex hereby grants to Infineon pursuant to the terms and conditions set
forth in this Clause a call option to acquire all (but not less than all)
of Parlex's outstanding shares in HoldCo exercisable at any time within
three years after the Effective Date but only exercisable upon the
occurrence of any one of the following events ("Infineon Call Option
Trigger Event") for an amount in accordance with the formula defined in
Exhibit 5.3 1 (a) ("Parlex Formula").

      a)    The performance criteria defined in Exhibit 5.3.1 (b) hereto of
the Products manufactured by NewCo for Infineon with regard to yield,
delivery, reliability and quality are not met by NewCo for a period of more
than six (6) consecutive months and after notice is given by Infineon to
NewCo ("Performance Defect Notice") describing in complete detail the
nature and extent of the Performance Defect; or

      b)    Parlex Corporation or any Parlex Affiliate enters into an
agreement to transfer controlling interest in Parlex Corporation or any
Parlex Affiliate to a company that is then


<PAGE>


currently in the business of manufacturing smart cards and/or smart cards
ICs and is a direct competitor to Infineon or any Infineon Affiliate and is
listed on Exhibit 5.3.1 (c); or

      c)    The commencement of any voluntary or involuntary proceeding
seeking relief with regard to Parlex Corporation's debts under any
bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or seeking appointment of a
trustee, receiver, liquidator or other similar official for it or any
substantial part of its assets; provided, however, that if such proceeding
is an involuntary action brought by a third party, the option shall only be
exercisable upon Parlex Corporation's failure to obtain an order to dismiss
or stay such proceeding within ninety (90) days of commencement thereof; or

      d)    the non-fulfilment by NewCo of the exclusivity period
stipulated in Clause 2.1.2 of the Supply Agreement, attached in Exhibit
6.2.

Infineon may exercise the call option upon written notification to Parlex
in accordance with the mechanics provided in Clause 5.3.3 below.

5.3.2 Call Option for Parlex

Infineon hereby grants to Parlex pursuant to the terms and conditions set
forth in this Clause a call option to acquire sufficient shares of
Infineon's outstanding shares of HoldCo ("Call Option Shares") so that
Parlex's ownership in HoldCo does not exceed 80.1% of the issued and
outstanding shares of HoldCo and said call option may be exercisable at any
time upon the occurrence of either of the following events ("Parlex Call
Option Trigger Event") for an amount in accordance with the formula defined
in Exhibit 5.3.2(a)("Infineon Formula").

      a)    At Parlex's sole discretion and for any reason; provided,
however, that such call option may only be exercised during the time period
commencing 12 months after the Effective Date and terminating 24 months
after the Effective Date; or

      b)    Upon Infineon's failure to fulfil its minimum volume
commitment as set forth in Exhibit 5.3.2(b); provided, however, that such
call option may only be exercised during the time period commencing 24
months after the Effective Date and terminating 36 months after the
Effective Date.


<PAGE>


Parlex may exercise the call option upon written notification to Infineon
in accordance with the mechanics provided in Clause 5.3.3 below.

5.3.3 Call Option Mechanics

      a)    Within 30 days after the occurrence of a Parlex Call Option
Trigger Event or an Infineon Call Option Trigger Event (whichever the case
may be), written notice (the "Call Notice") shall be given by the party
exercising the call option by delivery in person, certified or registered
mail, return receipt requested, or by overnight delivery, to the other
party notifying such party of the occurrence of a Parlex Call Option
Trigger Event or an Infineon Call Option Trigger Event (whichever the case
may be), and specifying the applicable Formula in Clause 5.3.1 or 5.3.2 (as
the case may be), the date when said party will purchase the shares being
called which date shall not be more than 30 days after the issuance of the
Call Notice ("Call Date"), the number of shares to be called from such
holder (if applicable) and the place where the purchase amount based on the
applicable Formula shall be payable. The Call Notice shall be addressed to
each party at its address as shown by the records of the Company. From and
after the close of business on the Call Date, unless there shall have been
a default in the payment of the purchase amount based on the applicable
Formula plus accrued interest, rights of the respective holder of such
shares of the HoldCo (except the right to receive the purchase amount based
on the applicable Formula) shall cease with respect to the shares to be
called on such Call Date.

      b)    The non-calling party may dispute any amounts reflected on the
calling party's Call Notice, but only on the basis of its belief that the
amounts reflected on the Call Notice were not arrived at in accordance with
this Agreement or resulted from a mistake of fact, or other inaccuracy, or
an interpretation of GAAP; provided, however, that the non calling party
shall have notified the other party in writing of each disputed item,
specifying the amount thereof in dispute and setting forth, in reasonable
detail, the basis for such dispute, within thirty (30) days of its receipt
of the Call Notice. The Call Notice shall be binding and conclusive upon
and deemed final and accepted by the non calling party and the non calling
party shall be deemed to have waived its right to object to the Call Notice
unless the non calling party shall have notified the calling party in
writing of its objections within thirty (30) days of its receipt of the
Call Notice. In the event of such a dispute, Parlex and Infineon shall
attempt to reconcile their differences. If Parlex and Infineon are unable
to reach a resolution with such effect within thirty (30) days after
receipt by the calling party of written notice of dispute, Parlex and
Infineon shall submit the items remaining in dispute for resolution to
NewCo's auditors, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (or, if such firm shall decline
or is unable to act or is not, at the time of such submission, to another


<PAGE>


independent accounting firm of international reputation mutually acceptable
to Parlex and Infineon) (either Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu or such other
accounting firm being referred to herein as the "Independent Accounting
Firm"), which submission shall include (x) a statement by each party as to
the matters in dispute and such party's calculation of the respective
purchase amount based on the applicable Formula based on its interpretation
of such disputed matters and (y) such other documents and information as
the Independent Accounting Firm may request. Each party may also furnish to
the Independent Accounting Firm such other information and documents as it
deems relevant with appropriate copies or notification being given to the
other parties. The Independent Accounting Firm may conduct a conference
concerning the disagreement between Parlex and Infineon, at which
conference each party shall have the right to present additional documents,
materials and other evidence and to have present its or their advisors,
counsel or accountants. The Independent Accounting Firm shall, within
thirty (30) days after such submission, determine and report to Parlex and
Infineon upon such remaining disputed items. The final resolution shall be
(A) in writing setting forth the Independent Accounting Firm's calculation
of the respective purchase amount based on the applicable Formula (which
calculation may conclusively rely on the accuracy of matters not in dispute
and the Independent Accounting Firm's determination regarding matters in
dispute), (B) furnished to Parlex and Infineon, within thirty (30) days
after the items in dispute have been referred to the Independent Accounting
Firm, (C) made in accordance with this Agreement and (D) conclusive and
binding upon the parties to this Agreement and not subject to collateral
attack for any reason. Nothing herein will be construed to authorize or
permit the Independent Accounting Firm to determine (i) any question or
matter whatsoever under or in connection with this Agreement, except the
determination of what adjustments, if any, must be made in one or more
disputed items reflected on the respective Formula calculations delivered
by a party in the Call Notice. The fees and disbursements of the
Independent Accounting Firm shall be shared equally by Parlex and Infineon.
In acting under this Agreement, the Independent Accounting Firm shall be
entitled to the privileges and immunities customary of arbitrators.

      c)    Within ten days after the issuance in writing of the
Independent Accounting Firm's calculation of the respective purchase amount
based on the applicable Formula, the calling party shall pay by certified
check or wire transfer to the non calling the purchase amount based on the
applicable Formula as determined by the Independent Accounting Firm.

      d)    Upon the occurrence of a call or put option (as described in
Clause 5.4 below), the party selling the shares of HoldCo shall surrender
the certificate or certificates representing such shares of HoldCo, duly
assigned or endorsed for transfer to the other party (or accompanied by


<PAGE>


duly executed instruments of transfer and sold notes relating thereto), or,
in the event the certificate or certificates are lost, stolen or missing,
shall deliver an affidavit of loss, at the principal executive office of
HoldCo or such other place as HoldCo may from time to time designate by
written notice to the holder of its shares. It is further agreed that all
stamp duty payable in respect of such transfer of HoldCo shares pursuant to
the exercise of a call or put option shall be borne solely by the relevant
buyer of such shares.

5.4   Put Option for Infineon

      a)    Parlex grants to Infineon pursuant to the terms and conditions
set forth in this Clause a put option to allow Infineon the right (but not
an obligation) to sell certain of its outstanding shares in HoldCo to
Parlex upon the occurrence of the following event ("Infineon Put Option
Trigger Event") for an amount equal to the Infineon Formula. The put option
shall be exercisable if, and only if, Parlex Corporation or any other
entity which holds Parlex's shares in HoldCo ("Parlex's Associate") has
entered into an arrangement or agreement which will cause a Change of
Control (as defined herein) to occur. For purposes of this provision, a
"Change of Control" shall be deemed to occur upon (i) any "person" becoming
the beneficial owner of 50% or more of the combined voting power of Parlex
and/or Parlex's Associate in HoldCo (subject to certain exceptions such as
the acquisition of shares by an employee benefit plan, repurchase of
securities by Parlex or a subsidiary thereof, etc.). Infineon's right to
sell its outstanding shares in HoldCo to Parlex pursuant to this Section
5.4(a) shall be limited to the sale of either (i) all (and not less than
all) of its outstanding shares in HoldCo, or (ii) such number of shares in
HoldCo as may be required to reduce Infineon's ownership interest in HoldCo
to 19.9% of the then-outstanding shares in HoldCo.

      b)    Infineon's put option shall only be exercisable during the time
period commencing with the delivery of written notice by Parlex Corporation
and/or Parlex's Associate to Infineon that Parlex Corporation and/or
Parlex's Associate has entered to an agreement which will cause a "Change
of Control" to occur ("Change of Control Notice"), and terminating thirty
days after delivery of the Change of Control Notice. Infineon will give
Parlex Corporation and/or Parlex's Associate written notice of its intent
to exercise the put option ("Put Option Notice") within ten days after its
receipt of the Change of Control Notice from Parlex Corporation and/or
Parlex's Associate. In the event that a "Change of Control" event has
occurred and Parlex Corporation and/or Parlex's Associate failed to issue a
Change of Control Notice to Infineon, then and in that event only Infineon
shall have the right to exercise the put option by issuing a Put Option
Notice


<PAGE>


within 30 days following the date it becomes aware that a Change of Control
Notice should have been issued.

      c)    The put option mechanics shall be the same as those outlined in
Clause 5.3.3 above as the call option mechanics.

5.5   Conflict

In the event that any call or put option has been exercised by a Party
hereto, the corresponding call or put options of the other Party shall be
rendered void unless the exercising party fails to consummate the
transaction, in which event the non-exercising party shall then have the
right to exercise its respective call or put option. By way of example, (1)
if Infineon has exercised its call option on Parlex's entire shareholding
and the share transfer to Infineon is closed, Parlex may not subsequently
exercise its call option on Infineon's shareholding in HoldCo, or (2) if
Parlex exercises its call option by issuing a written notice to Infineon on
a given date and Infineon exercises its call option one day after this
given date, the call option exercised by Parlex shall supersede and take
precedence over the call option issued by Infineon.

6.    Ancillary Agreements
- --------------------------

On the Closing Date, the following agreements shall have been or be entered
into by or among Infineon, Infineon Technologies AG, Parlex, Parlex
Corporation and NewCo, as the case may be (the "Ancillary Agreements"):

6.1   License Agreement between Parlex Corporation and Infineon

      Parlex Corporation and Infineon shall have entered into the License
      Agreement on the date of this Agreement.

6.2   Supply Agreement

      Infineon Technologies AG and NewCo shall enter into an agreement for
      the supply by NewCo to Infineon Technologies AG and/or its Affiliates
      of products manufactured by NewCo in the form attached hereto as
      Exhibit 6.2.

6.3   Stock Transfer Agreement


<PAGE>


      Parlex, Parlex Corporation and Infineon shall have entered into the
      Stock Transfer Agreement as of the date of this Agreement regarding
      the purchase of 49% of the issued and outstanding shares in HoldCo.

6.4   Lease Agreement

      NewCo and Shanghai Jingling Holding Co. Ltd. shall enter into the
      Lease Agreement regarding the lease of space and the use of
      equipment, in the form substantially attached hereto as Exhibit 6.4.

6.5   Service Agreement

      Parlex and NewCo shall enter into a Service Agreement as provided for
      in Clause 12.1 in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 6.5.

6.6   Shareholder Loan Agreement

      Parlex and Infineon and HoldCo shall enter into a Shareholder Loan
      Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 4.2.

6.7   Laser Drilling Service Agreement

      Parlex and NewCo shall enter into a Laser Drilling Service Agreement
      in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 6.7.


7.    Shareholders' Meeting of HoldCo
- -------------------------------------

7.1   Resolutions of the Shareholders' Meeting for HoldCo

The Shareholders' Meeting for HoldCo ("Shareholders' Meeting") shall
resolve all issues where its decision is required by all applicable laws of
Hong Kong. Except as otherwise required by applicable laws or the Articles
of Association of HoldCo, all actions and resolutions of the Shareholders'
Meeting shall be by two-thirds of the shares represented in person or by
proxy at a


<PAGE>


Shareholders' Meeting at which a quorum is present unless a special
resolution is required by mandatory law.

7.2   Quorum

A quorum for a Shareholders' Meeting shall require the presence, in person
or by proxy, of shareholders of the Company holding at least two-thirds of
the total number of issued and outstanding shares of HoldCo. Shareholders'
Meeting may be attended electronically by teleconference, videoconference
or internet. HoldCo shall hold a Shareholders' Meeting at least once per
year.

7.3   Agenda, Notice etc.

At the request of either Parlex or Infineon, the Parties shall discuss the
points of the agenda prior to any Shareholders' Meeting.

Each shareholder of HoldCo shall be given timely, written notice of the
time, date, agenda and place of the Shareholders' Meeting, in no event
later than four weeks prior to the date of convocation of the Annual
Meeting and two weeks for a special meeting. All notices and agendas of
Shareholders' Meetings shall be in English language.

7.4   Compliance of Shareholder with terms of this Agreement

Each of the Parties shall at all times exercise its powers and votes as a
shareholder of HoldCo so that HoldCo will comply with all obligations under
this Agreement and the Articles of Association and that all directors of
HoldCo and any representative of either Party will implement the provisions
of this Agreement in relation to HoldCo and the other Party.

8.    Board of Directors
- ------------------------

8.1   Nomination of Directors

The Boards of Directors of HoldCo and NewCo shall each consist of five
members. Parlex shall nominate three directors and Infineon shall nominate
two directors for each of HoldCo and NewCo. The Parties shall appoint the
nominees to the Board of HoldCo at a Shareholders' Meeting of HoldCo and
shall cause HoldCo to nominate each Party's nominees to the Board of


<PAGE>


NewCo. The right to nominate includes the right to replace a director. If
Parlex exercises its call option, one of Infineon's nominees (to be
selected at Infineon's sole discretion) shall resign and Parlex will
receive the right to appoint a replacement therefor upon consummation of
the call option transaction. If Infineon exercises its call option,
Parlex's nominees shall resign as directors upon consummation of the call
option transaction. If Infineon exercises its put option with respect to
all of its outstanding shares in HoldCo, Infineon's nominees shall resign
as directors upon consummation of the put option transaction. If Infineon
exercises its put option such that its ownership interest in HoldCo is
reduced to 19.9%, then one of Infineon's nominees (to be selected at
Infineon's sole discretion) shall resign and Parlex shall have the right to
appoint a replacement therefor upon consummation of the put option
transaction.

8.2   Responsibility of the Board

The Board of Directors of HoldCo shall have the broadest powers to manage
and supervise the business and the affairs of HoldCo except for those
matters which are explicitly reserved for approval by shareholders under
Hong Kong company law.

The Board of Directors of NewCo shall have the broadest powers to manage
and supervise the business and the affairs of NewCo and shall be the
highest authority of NewCo which shall make all major policy decisions of
NewCo.

The annual operating plan of HoldCo and/or NewCo and the approval of
appointment of the General Manager of HoldCo/NewCo as recommended by
Parlex requires the unanimous approval of the Board of Directors of HoldCo
and/or NewCo (as the case may be). In addition, the unanimous approval of
the relevant Board of Directors is required for all material events not
disclosed in the relevant operating plan. However, it is agreed between the
parties that HoldCo shall only select a General Manager if the relevant
local law requires it.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties shall comply with the Rules of
Procedure for the Board of Directors of each Company, as attached hereto in
Exhibit 8.4 ("Rules of Procedure") and it is agreed that if there is any
inconsistency between the provisions of the Rules of Procedure and this
Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail.

8.3   Quorum


<PAGE>


At least four members of the Board of Directors must be present or
represented at a meeting to constitute a quorum and convene the meeting,
provided that quorum shall require the presence of at least one Infineon
Director.

8.4   Rules of Procedure for the Board of Directors

Rules of Procedure for the Board of Directors shall be adopted as set forth
in Exhibit 8.4 which is attached hereto and incorporated into the Articles
of Association of HoldCo and Articles of Incorporation of NewCo by the
Closing Date.

8.5   Meetings of the Board of Directors

Each of the directors of the Company shall be given timely written notice
of the time, date and place of meetings of the Board of Directors, in no
event later than two weeks prior to the date of convocation of each such
meeting, provided, however, that such period of notice maybe shortened for
particular meetings by the unanimous written consent thereto by the
directors then in office. Notices of meetings of the Board of Directors
shall be sent by e-mail and followed by registered airmail. All notices of
meetings of the Board of Directors shall be accompanied by a complete
agenda for the meeting, as well as texts of all resolutions proposed to be
adopted at such meetings. All notices and agendas of meetings of the Board
of Directors, as well as the list of proposed resolutions of the Board of
Directors, shall be accompanied by complete and accurate English language
translation thereof.

8.6   Chairman of the Board of NewCo

The Board of Directors of NewCo shall have a Chairman and a Vice Chairman.
The Chairman shall be the legal representative of NewCo. Should the
Chairman be unable to assume his duties, the Vice Chairman shall be the
legal representative of NewCo during such inability. The Chairman shall be
a nominee appointed by Parlex and the Vice-Chairman shall be a nominee
appointed by Infineon.

9.    Management of the Companies
- ---------------------------------

9.1   General Manager of NewCo


<PAGE>


NewCo shall have a General Manager to be nominated by Parlex and appointed
by the Board of Directors unanimously.

9.2   Responsibility of the General Manager

9.2.1 Except as provided otherwise in this Agreement, or mandatory
applicable law, the Board of Directors of NewCo shall delegate the daily
operation and management of New Co to the General Manager, including
without limitation:

a)    Appointment of senior management staff of NewCo;

b)    Proposal to the Board of Directors of annual and quarterly budgets
      and business plan;

c)    Execution of annual and quarterly budgets approved by the Board of
      Directors; and

d)    Preparation of the annual report, the balance sheet and the profit
      and loss statement.

9.2.2 The General Manager of NewCo shall be responsible for:

a)    the proper conduct of NewCo's business;

b)    the efficient organisation of NewCo; and

c)    the personnel of NewCo.

10.   Staff
- -----------

NewCo shall recruit an adequate number of qualified technical, operation,
managerial and other personnel necessary for its operations at the market-
based compensation level. The general conditions of employment at NewCo
shall be established in an Employment Handbook to be adopted by the General
Manager of NewCo.

Furthermore, both Parties agree that the Directors appointed by Infineon to
the Board of Directors of NewCo, or their authorized representatives, will
have the right to interview potential new hires for the top engineering,
operations, management and financial positions at NewCo, but such interview
shall not unreasonably delay or impede the hiring process. After the
relevant interview,


<PAGE>


the Directors may provide written objections, if any, within five business
days of said interview. In such event, the Directors will provide Parlex
with a brief description of the reason(s) for their objection(s). In the
event the Directors do not provide written objections within such time
period, they shall be deemed to have assented to the hiring.

11.   Organisational Structure
- ------------------------------

The Companies shall have the organisational structure as set forth in
Exhibit 11 and as amended from time to time by resolution of the Board of
Directors in accordance with [SECTION]4(4) of the Rules of Procedure which is
attached hereto as Exhibit 8.4.

12.   Operation of the Company
- ------------------------------

12.1  Services

Parlex and/or its Affiliates will supply certain services to NewCo in
accordance with the provisions of the Service Agreement as attached hereto
as Exhibit 6.5.

12.2  Business Plan

The initial business plan of NewCo shall be as set out in Exhibit 4.1 and
may be subject to subsequent revisions by the Board of Directors of NewCo
in accordance with [SECTION]4(4) of the Rules of Procedure which is attached
hereto as Exhibit 8.4.

13.   Accounting and Financial Reporting
- ----------------------------------------

13.1  Accounting Period (Financial Year)

      a)    The accounting period (financial year) of NewCo shall commence
on 1 January and end on 31 December, provided, however, that the first
accounting period of NewCo shall commence as of the date of registration
and organization of NewCo and shall end on 31 December 2004.

      b)    The accounting period (financial year) of HoldCo shall commence
on 1 July and end on 30 June, provided, however, that the first accounting
period of HoldCo shall commence as of the date of registration and
organization of HoldCo and shall end on 30 June 2005.


<PAGE>


13.2  Books of Account

The Companies shall keep true and accurate books of account and records in
accordance with sound accounting practices, employing standards and
procedures in conformity with mandatory requirements under applicable law
and, insofar as practicable, in conformity with US GAAP accounting
principles.

13.3  Independent Public Accountants (Auditors)

At the end of each accounting period of each Company, the books of account
and records of the Companies shall be audited by a firm of independent
public accountants competent to audit the books of the Companies. The
Parties hereby designate and appoint the firm of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
to initially serve as such independent public accountants (herein the
"Auditors"). The Auditors shall prepare for and supply to the parties
certified balance sheets, profit and loss statements and other financial
reports suitable for use by each of the parties hereto in connection with
its financial and tax reports within three months of the end of the fiscal
year. Such statements and reports shall be in the English language.

13.4  Financial Reporting

Within 20 calendar days after the end of each month HoldCo shall prepare
and submit to each Party its US GAAP unaudited balance sheet, profit and
loss statement and cash flow statement of such month in a form satisfactory
to the Parties.

Within 20 calendar days after the end of each month NewCo shall prepare and
submit to each Party its US GAAP and China GAAP unaudited balance sheet and
profit and loss statement of such month in a form satisfactory to the
Parties.

Within 45 calendar days after the end of each quarter, NewCo shall prepare
and submit to each Party its US GAAP and China GAAP unaudited balance
sheet, profit and loss statement and cash flow statement of such quarter.

In order to cooperate with the public reporting of financial statements of
the Parties, the Companies shall tender to the Parties such accounting
records including without limitation the financial statements as are
necessary for the consolidated accounting of the Companies with


<PAGE>


either or both Parties. Expenses relating to the preparation of such
accounting records for the Party so requesting shall be borne by such
Party.

13.5  Audit and Inspection Right

Each Party shall have the right to undertake, and to appoint accounting
auditors or business auditors registered in or outside the PRC to undertake
a financial audit and examination of the Companies' financial statements
and the other Party hereby consents to such an audit. HoldCo and NewCo, as
the case may be, shall cooperate with the Parties and the auditors, and
immediately upon receiving notice from the Party requesting such audit, it
shall make all documents, including but not limited to ledgers and
accounting records, requested by such Party available for inspection and
shall extend all assistance reasonably necessary for the completion of any
such audit, including but not limited to the provision of written and oral
explanations as may be required by the auditors. All expenses of such
financial audit and examination shall be borne by the Party that appointed
the auditors. Any such auditor shall, as a condition to the conduct of the
audit, be required to undertake in writing, in favour of the Companies and
the other Party, to maintain the confidentiality of all information to
which it has gained access during the course of such audit.

Each Director shall have the right to inspect all of HoldCo's or NewCo's
books and records, including without limitation all accounting documents,
ledgers and vouchers at any time and to take such copies thereof as he may
require.

14.   Dividend Policy
- ---------------------

The Companies shall not distribute dividends for the financial years 2005
and 2006 unless otherwise unanimously agreed to by the respective Board of
Directors and shareholders. As of 2007, the Parties (unless otherwise
agreed) agree that the Companies shall pay or distribute to their
shareholders proportionate to their shareholdings and subject to a
resolution of the Board of Directors of NewCo and the Shareholders' Meeting
of HoldCo and to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations,
the net profits as defined by US GAAP for the respective Company having
regard to the following:

a)    The paying or making of all necessary provisions for taxation;


<PAGE>


b)    The making of all necessary provisions for the repayment of
      borrowings by the Companies;

c)    The making of such reserves provisions and retentions as the Board of
      Directors shall agree as being reasonable and prudent; and

d)    Meeting all cash flow requirements of the business plan submitted for
      the following year.

15.   Foreign Exchange Rate
- ---------------------------

Any conversion between United States Dollars and Renminbi shall be
calculated according to the median of the United States Dollars buying and
selling rates quoted by the Bank of China on the date the deposit of such
contribution is made into NewCo's bank account.

16.   Confidentiality
- ---------------------

Each Party agrees to keep secret and confidential all business and
technical information received from the other Party in connection with this
Agreement and its performance and which the other Party expressly states to
be confidential, or the confidential nature of which can be assumed on the
basis of the circumstances of its disclosure, and to use such business and
technical information solely for the purposes for which it was provided,
and shall treat it in the same way as its own business secrets and not make
it available to any third party, unless the business or technical
information in question:

a)    is generally available from public sources or in the public domain;
or

b)    is received at any time from any third party without nondisclosure
obligation to the receiving Party; or

c)    is shown to have been developed independently by the receiving Party
without reliance on the disclosing Party's confidential information or to
have been known to the receiving Party prior to its disclosure by the
disclosing Party; or

d)    must be disclosed to a third party for the purpose of performing this
Agreement, if the third party is or becomes subject to an equivalent
confidentiality obligation; or


<PAGE>


e)    is required to be disclosed pursuant to any applicable laws or any
legal process issued by any competent court or tribunal.

The obligations imposed by this clause shall continue and survive and
remain in force and effect for a period of three years after termination of
this Agreement.

The Parties shall take all necessary steps to ensure that their directors,
officers, employees, agent and subcontractors, if any, will comply in all
respects with the provisions of this Clause 16.

17.   Conditions Precedent and Subsequent
- -----------------------------------------

The respective obligation of each Party under this Agreement shall be
conditional upon the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent on
or prior to the Closing Date:

17.1  Approvals and Documentation

Any and all duly executed documentation, approvals required to be obtained
from third parties and all relevant authorities to give effect to the
transactions contemplated in this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements,
including all necessary business licenses, shall have been obtained by
Parlex Corporation, Parlex and/or NewCo and/or HoldCo (as the case may be).
Copies of all relevant documentation to evidence the foregoing and such
other relevant documentation as may be necessary to evidence the foregoing
shall be provided by Parlex not less than 5 days prior to the Closing Date.

17.2  Legal Opinion

Parlex shall provide Infineon with a legal opinion from the PRC law firm of
Siway & Seaway, 14th Floor, Panorama Mansion, 53 HuangPu Road, Bund,
200080, Shanghai, PRC in the form attached as Exhibit 5.2(m)(i) to the
Stock Transfer Agreement and a legal opinion from the Hong Kong law firm of
Morrison & Foerster in the form attached as Exhibit 5.2(m)(ii) to the Stock
Transfer Agreement.

17.3  Remaining Permits, Actions and Registrations

Notwithstanding the provisions of Clause 17.1, all actions, consents,
permits, approvals and registrations for items 1.1 to 1.9 in Exhibit 6.5 to
the Stock Transfer Agreement shall be obtained


<PAGE>


and issued within 30 Business Days of the Closing Date and all actions,
consents, permits, approvals and registrations for items 1.10 to 1.12 as in
Exhibit 6.5 of the Stock Transfer Agreement shall be obtained and issued
within 60 Business Days of the Closing Date.

18.   Representation and Warranties of Parlex
- ---------------------------------------------

Parlex hereby represents and warrants to Infineon that, as of the Effective
Date, the following statements are and shall be true and correct:

a)    Organization

Parlex is a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws
of Hong Kong, and has the corporate power and authority to enter into and
perform this Agreement.

b)    Permits; Approvals

Parlex holds all licenses, permits, certifications and other
authorizations, the absence of which would have a material adverse effect
on its financial condition or business, and there has been no default or
violation under any such authorization and there is no proceeding or
investigation that is pending or, to Parlex's actual knowledge, threatened
under which any such authorization may be revoked, terminated or suspended.

c)    Authorization

All corporate action on the part of Parlex necessary for the authorization,
execution and delivery of this Agreement and for the performance of all of
its obligations hereunder has been taken, and this Agreement, when fully
executed and delivered, shall constitute a valid, legally binding and
enforceable obligation on Parlex.

d)    Effect of Agreement

Parlex's execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not (i)
violate the Articles of Association of Parlex or any provision of any law,
statute, rule or regulation to which Parlex is subject, (ii) violate any
judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree of any court applicable to
Parlex, or (iii) have any effect on the compliance of Parlex with any
applicable licenses, permits or authorizations which would materially and
adversely affect Parlex.


<PAGE>


19.   Representation and Warranties of Infineon
- -----------------------------------------------

Infineon hereby represents and warrants to Parlex that, as of the Effective
Date, the following statements are and shall be true and correct:

a)    Organization

Infineon is a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the
laws of Singapore and has the corporate power and authority to enter into
and perform this Agreement.

b)    Permits; Approvals

Infineon holds all licenses, permits, certifications and other
authorizations, the absence of which would have a material adverse effect
on its financial condition or business, and there has been no default or
violation under any such authorization and there is no proceeding or
investigation that is pending or, to Infineon's actual knowledge,
threatened under which any such authorization may be revoked, terminated or
suspended.

c)    Authorization

All corporate action on the part of Infineon necessary for the
authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and for the
performance of all of its obligations hereunder has been taken, and this
Agreement, when fully executed and delivered, shall constitute a valid,
legally binding and enforceable obligation on Infineon.

d)    Effect of Agreement

Infineon's execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not
(i) violate the Articles of Association of Infineon or any provision of any
law, statute, rule or regulation to which Infineon is subject, (ii) violate
any judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree of any court applicable to
Infineon, or (iii) have any effect on the compliance of Infineon with any
applicable licenses, permits or authorizations which would materially and
adversely affect Infineon.

20.   Deadlock Resolution Procedure
- -----------------------------------


<PAGE>


Any controversy or claim specifically arising out of or relating to a
Deadlock (as defined below in Clause 20.1 of this Agreement), shall be
settled using the following procedure:

20.1  Definition of Deadlock

"Deadlock" shall mean any situation relating to any aspect of the business
planning, operation or financial aspects of HoldCo or NewCo and which
exists and has persisted for not less than sixty (60) days in which there
is a substantial business disagreement between the Parties, which is
manifested by the failure to garner affirmative votes for a resolution of
the Board of Directors of either HoldCo or NewCo or the Shareholder
Meetings of HoldCo.

20.2  Good Faith Resolution of Deadlock

In the event that a Deadlock exists, such Deadlock shall be submitted by
either Party containing a notice that summarizes the issues in dispute
(hereinafter the "Deadlock Notice") to CEO of Infineon's Secure Mobile
Solutions Group and/or General Manager of Infineon's Chip Card Division of
Infineon and CEO of Parlex for resolution. The respective senior officers
of Parlex and Infineon shall meet at least once in person in a mutually
convenient location and shall use their best efforts to resolve the dispute
in the 14 calendar day period after the Deadlock Notice is submitted.

In the event that the Deadlock cannot be resolved within the said 14
calendar days period the Deadlock shall be submitted to the CEO of
Infineon's Secure Mobile Solutions Group and/or General Manager of
Infineon's Chip Card Division and the CEO of Parlex for resolution. The CEO
of Parlex and the CEO of Infineon's Secure Mobile Solutions Group and/or
General Manager of Infineon's Chip Card Division shall meet at least once
in person in a mutually convenient location and will then use their best
effort to resolve the dispute in the 14 calendar day period after such
dispute is submitted.

20.3  Mediation

If the respective CEOs of the Parties are unable to resolve the Deadlock
after the expiration of the second 14 calendar day period, they agree to
jointly appoint a mutually acceptable neutral person not affiliated with
either of the parties (the "Neutral"), seeking assistance in such regard
from the Singapore Mediation Center - if they have been unable to agree
upon such appointment within thirty (30) days from the initial meeting
under Clause 20.2. The fees of the Neutral shall be


<PAGE>


shared equally by the parties, one half by Parlex and one half by Infineon.
In consultation with the Neutral, the parties will select or devise a
mediation procedure ("Mediation") by which they will attempt to resolve the
dispute, and a time and place for the Mediation to be held, with the
neutral making the decision as to the procedure, and/or place and time (but
not later than twenty (20) days after selection of the Neutral), if the
parties have been unable to agree on any such matters within fifteen (15)
days after initial consultation with the Neutral. The parties agree to
participate in good faith in the Mediation to its conclusion as designated
by the Neutral, but in no event shall this obligation extend for more than
sixty (60) days after selection of the Neutral, after which the parties
shall be entitled to seek all remedies available to them hereunder, at law,
in equity or otherwise.

20.4  Buy-out Option

a)    If the Parties fail to resolve the Deadlock in good faith in
accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 20.2 and 20.3 above, then any
Party ("First Party") may within 30 days after the failure of the
mediation, serve a sale notice on the other Party ("Second Party") offering
the Second Party the whole (but not part) of the First Party's shareholding
in HoldCo for sale at the price stipulated therein (the "Sale Price"). The
Sale Price shall specify the price for the entire shareholding of the First
Party as well as a price per share. The sale notice shall provide that the
offer will lapse 45 days after the sale notice is served on the Second
Party.

b)    The Second Party may, or may nominate a third party to, accept the
offer to purchase the shareholding at the Sale Price at any time before the
offer lapses.

c)    If the offer is not accepted before it lapses, the Second Party will
be deemed to have served a sale notice on the First Party offering to sell
all its shareholding in HoldCo at the same Sale Price (proportionate to its
shareholding and based on the price per share stipulated in the sale
notice). The First Party will be bound to accept the offer within seven
days, unless it introduces a third party which accepts the offer in that
period.

d)    Any sale under this clause shall be made effective within thirty days
of the date of acceptance.

21.   Term and Termination
- --------------------------

21.1  Term of Agreement


<PAGE>


This Agreement shall become effective upon fulfilment of the conditions
precedent listed in Clause 17, the consummation of the Ancillary Agreements
listed in Clause 6 and compliance with Clauses 2.5, 2.7, 3 and 4 on the
Closing Date (herein collectively "Effective Date"), and continue in force
until NewCo and HoldCo are both dissolved or unless this Agreement is
sooner terminated pursuant to the provisions of this Clause 21 or if any
Party ceases to be a shareholder of HoldCo. If the conditions precedent
have not been satisfied within six months following the signing date, this
Agreement shall become null and void.

21.2  Termination for Cause

In case of the occurrence of any of the following circumstances, this
Agreement may be terminated with immediate effect by either Party by
serving written notice (the "Termination Notice") upon the other Party:

a)    The other Party is in material breach of this Agreement and the
      breaching Party was granted a 60 day cure period before the
      Termination Notice is served and did not cure the material breach
      within this 60 day period;

b)    The other Party is permanently or for a period of ninety (90)
      consecutive days prevented or incapable of fulfilling its obligations
      under this Agreement;

c)    The other Party undergoes bankruptcy, composition or reorganization
      proceedings or any other insolvency proceedings opened against it by
      a court or another public authority or has voluntarily filed a
      respective petition or has involuntarily filed against it a
      respective petition which is not dismissed within sixty days;

d)    The other Party has become insolvent or faces a substantial
      deterioration, actual or imminent, from its position at the time of
      execution of the Agreement in its assets;

e)    The other Party has an order entered against it either appointing a
      receiver or trustee for, or issuing a levy attachment against, a
      substantial portion of its assets, without such order being vacated,
      set aside or stayed within sixty days;

f)    The other Party has its shares in the company seized by a creditor or
      makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or


<PAGE>


g)    The other Party is wound up.

21.3  Consequences of Termination

21.3.1   In case any of the circumstances stipulated in Clause 21.2 occurs,
the Party serving the Termination Notice may elect either one of the
following options:

a)    Within 30 days after the day the Termination Notice was served, to
serve a sale notice (the "Sale Notice") on the other Party offering to sell
all of its shares in HoldCo at 120% of the Fair Value or Net Asset Value,
which ever is higher (the "Put Option Price"). The Party who receives the
Sale Notice must, by itself or through a third party nominee, accept the
offer and must purchase all of the requesting Party's shares at the Put
Option Price within 60 days after the above notice is served.

b)    Within 30 days after the day the Termination Notice was served, to
serve a purchase notice (the "Purchase Notice") on the other Party offering
to purchase all of its shares at 80% of either the Fair Value or Net Asset
Value, whichever is lower (the "Call Option Price"). The Party who receives
the Purchase Notice must, by itself or through a third party nominee,
accept the offer and must sell all of its shares to the requesting Party at
the Call Option Price within 30 days after the above notice is served.

21.3.2   For the purpose of this Clause 21 Net Asset Value and Fair Value
shall mean the following:

a)    Net Asset Value shall mean the book value of the assets of the
Companies as determined by their latest available audited financial
statements, as adjusted for capital increase or decrease or other major
corporate activities which may affect the content of such financial
statements, such valuation and adjustments to be made and certified by
the Auditors within 30 days after the Sale Notice or Purchase Notice was
served.

b)    Fair Value shall mean fair value in the open market as between a
willing seller and a willing buyer thereby acquiring control of HoldCo as
determined by the Auditors. The Party serving the Termination Notice may
request the Auditors to determine and certify the sum per share considered
by them to be the Fair Value of the shares as at the date of service of the
Termination Notice. The Auditors shall notify HoldCo of their determination
of the Fair Value


<PAGE>


within 30 days after having received the request and HoldCo shall give
immediate notice to the Parties in writing of the Fair Value so determined
by the Auditors and a payment for the shares shall be due within thirty
(30) days of the completion of the appraisal by the Auditor. In determining
and certifying the Fair Value of the shares of HoldCo the Auditors shall
act at the cost and expense of the Party that did not serve the Termination
Notice and shall act as experts and not as arbitrators and their
determination of the Fair Value shall be final and binding on the Parties.

21.4  Survival

Clauses 16, 23 and 24 shall survive termination of this Agreement. No
termination shall relieve any Party from liability for any breach of this
Agreement.

22.   Dissolution
- -----------------

If a Company is dissolved following any decision by the Board of Directors
of the Company in accordance with [SECTION]4(4) of the Rules of Procedure, the
Company's debts shall be paid to the extent the Company's assets are
available to do so and the remaining assets of the Company shall be
distributed among its shareholders in accordance with the provisions of
applicable law.

23.   Applicable law
- --------------------

The substantive law applicable to this Agreement and its Exhibits is the
law in force in Singapore unless (i) the Companies are subject to mandatory
local law, or (ii) a different substantive law is explicitly mutually
agreed upon in an Exhibit hereto.

24.   Dispute Resolution
- ------------------------

24.1  Resolution in Good Faith

Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement
including any question regarding its existence, validity, termination or
performance hereunder ("Dispute") (other than any dispute specifically
arising out of or relating to a Deadlock (as defined in Clause 20.1 of this
Agreement), which are to be regulated in the manner provided in Clauses
20.2-20.4 hereof), shall be settled using the following procedure:


<PAGE>


In the event that a Dispute exists, such Dispute shall be submitted by
either Party containing a notice that summarizes the issues in dispute
(hereinafter the "Dispute Notice") to CEO of Infineon's Secure Mobile
Solutions Group and/or General Manager of Infineon's Chip Card Division of
Infineon and CEO of Parlex -for resolution. The respective senior officers
of Parlex and Infineon shall meet at least once in person in a mutually
convenient location and shall use their best efforts to resolve the dispute
in the 14 calendar day period after the Dispute Notice is submitted.

In the event that the Dispute cannot be resolved within the said 14
calendar days period the Dispute shall be submitted to the CEO of
Infineon's Secure Mobile Solutions Group and the CEO of Parlex for
resolution. The respective CEOs of Parlex and Infineon's Secure Mobile
Solutions Group shall meet at least once in person in xxx (or any other
location agreed between the Parties) and will then use their best effort to
resolve the dispute in the 14 calendar day period after such dispute is
submitted.

24.2  Mediation

If the respective CEOs of the Parties are unable to resolve the dispute
after the expiration of the second 14 calendar day period, they agree to
jointly appoint a mutually acceptable neutral person not affiliated with
either of the parties (the "Neutral"), seeking assistance in such regard
from the Singapore Mediation Centre if they have been unable to agree upon
such appointment within thirty (30) days from the initial meeting under
Clause 24.1. The fees of the Neutral shall be shared equally by the
parties, one half by Parlex and one half by Infineon. In consultation with
the Neutral, the parties will select or devise a mediation procedure
("Mediation") by which they will attempt to resolve the dispute, and a time
and place for the Mediation to be held, with the neutral making the
decision as to the procedure, and/or place and time (but not later than
twenty (20) days after selection of the Neutral), if the parties have been
unable to agree on any such matters within fifteen (15) days after initial
consultation with the Neutral. The parties agree to participate in good
faith in the Mediation to its conclusion as designated by the Neutral, but
in no event shall this obligation extend for more than sixty (60) days
after selection of the Neutral, after which the parties shall be entitled
to seek all remedies available to them hereunder, at law, in equity or
otherwise.

24.3  Arbitration


<PAGE>


In the event that the Dispute can neither be resolved in good faith by
senior management, nor through mediation, then the Dispute shall be
submitted for final and binding arbitration to the Singapore International
Arbitration Centre ("SIAC") by 3 arbitrators appointed in accordance with
the provisions of the rules of SIAC ("SIAC Rules"). If there are two or
more defendants, any nomination of an arbitrator by or on behalf of such
defendants must be by joint agreement between them. If such defendants
fail, within the time-limit specified by the SIAC Rules, to agree on such
joint nomination, the proceedings against each of them must be separated.

The seat of arbitration shall be Singapore. The procedural law of Singapore
shall apply where the SIAC Rules are silent.

The language to be used in the arbitration proceedings shall be English.

The arbitral award shall be substantiated in writing. The arbitral tribunal
shall decide on the matter of costs of the arbitration and on the
allocation of expenditures among the respective Parties to the arbitration
proceedings. Each Party shall bear the cost of its own attorneys' fees and
expert witness fees.

25.   Miscellaneous
- -------------------

25.1  This Agreement cannot be modified except by written instrument signed
      by both Parties. This requirement of written form can only be waived
      in writing.

25.2  Neither Party shall be liable to the others for failure or delay in
      the performance of any of its obligations under this Agreement for
      the time and to the extent such failure or delay is caused by force
      majeure (such as without limitation, riots, wars, freight embargo,
      shortage of supply, hostilities between nations, governmental laws,
      earthquakes, storms, fires, sabotages, explosions or any other
      contingencies beyond the reasonable control of the respective Party).
      On the occurrence of such an event, the affected Party shall
      immediately inform the other Party of such circumstances together
      with documents of proof and the performance of obligations hereunder
      shall be suspended during, but not longer than, the period of
      existence of such cause and the period reasonably required to perform
      the obligations in such cases. The Party suffering such force majeure
      shall use reasonable efforts to remove or remedy such cause.


<PAGE>


25.3  This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which
      shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitute
      one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a
      signature page to this Agreement by facsimile shall be as effective
      as the delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

25.4  Except otherwise provided in this Agreement, communications between
      Infineon and Parlex shall be given in writing, by post, or by
      telefax, to the following addresses of the Parties or to such other
      addresses as the Party concerned may subsequently notify in writing
      to the other Party:

      If to Parlex to:
      ----------------
      Parlex Corporation
      One Parlex Place
      Methuen, MA 01844
      United States
      Attn.: Peter Murphy, President and CEO
      Fax: 00-1-978-685-7867

      with a copy to:
      Kutchin & Rufo, P.C.
      155 Federal Street
      Boston, MA 02110
      United States
      Attn.: Edward D. Kutchin, Esq.
      Fax: 00-1-617-542-3001

      If to Infineon to:
      ------------------
      Infineon Technologies AG
      Legal Department
      p.o. box 800949
      81609 Munich, Germany
      Fax: + 49 89 234 26993

25.5  No right or interest in this Agreement shall be assigned or
      transferred to any third party by a Party hereto without first
      obtaining written consent from the other Party, except that each
      Party may freely assign this Agreement to an Affiliate, provided
      however that the


<PAGE>


      transferring Party shall have caused such Affiliate to enter into any
      agreement with the other Party by which such Affiliate agrees to be
      bound by the covenants of this Agreement and to perform the
      obligations of the transferring Party under this Agreement.

25.6  The governing language between the Parties shall be English. All
      reports, statements, balance sheets and the like to be prepared and
      issued by NewCo shall be made available in English language. The same
      applies for any kind of communication in and between the corporate
      bodies of NewCo and between HoldCo, NewCo and the Parties hereto.

25.7  If any provision contained in this Agreement is or becomes
      ineffective or is held to be invalid by a competent authority or
      court having final jurisdiction thereover, all other provisions of
      this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and there shall
      be substituted for the said invalid provision a valid provision
      having an economic effect as similar as possible to the original
      provision.

25.8  This Agreement and any documents attached hereto constitute the
      entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the transactions
      contemplated hereby and, except as otherwise expressly set forth
      herein, supersedes all prior discussions, understandings, agreements
      and negotiations between the Parties with respect to such subject
      matter.

25.9  The Exhibits, which are or will be attached hereto, shall constitute
      an integral part hereof.

25.10 Unless otherwise required by applicable law or by obligations of the
      Parties or their Affiliates pursuant to any listing agreement with or
      rules of any securities exchange, the Parties shall consult with each
      other before issuing any press release or otherwise making any public
      statement with respect to this Agreement, the transactions
      contemplated hereby or the activities and operations of the other
      Party and shall not issue any such release or make any such statement
      without the prior written consent of the other Party (such consent
      not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

25.11 No Third Party Beneficiaries

      This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and
      their permitted assigns and Affiliates and nothing herein, express or
      implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other party any
      legal or equitable benefit, claim, cause of action, remedy or right
      of any


<PAGE>


      kind. The parties further agree that the Contracts (Rights of Third
      Parties) Act (Chapter 53B) is hereby expressly excluded.


<PAGE>


IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties have caused their duly authorized
representatives to execute this Agreement as of the dates stated below.


Infineon Technologies Asia Pacific Pte Ltd


By: /s/ Loh Kin Wah                       And By: /s/ Klaus Gohlke
    ----------------------------------            -------------------------

Print Name: Mr. Loh Kin Wah               Print Name: Dr. Klaus Gohlke
            --------------------------                ---------------------

Title: President and Managing Director    Title: Vice President, AP
       -------------------------------           Corporate Finance and
                                                 Company Director

Date: December 22, 2004                   Date: December 22, 2004
      --------------------------------          ---------------------------


Parlex Asia Pacific Ltd.


By: s/ Peter J. Murphy
    -------------------------

Print Name: Peter J. Murphy
            -----------------

Title: Director
       ----------------------

Date: December 22, 2004
      -----------------------


<PAGE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>parl7-102.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>

                                                                Exhibit 10.2



============================================================================


                          STOCK TRANSFER AGREEMENT

                        DATED AS OF DECEMBER 22, 2004

                                BY AND AMONG

                          PARLEX ASIA PACIFIC LTD.

                                     AND

                             PARLEX CORPORATION

                                     AND

                 INFINEON TECHNOLOGIES ASIA PACIFIC PTE LTD

============================================================================


<PAGE>


                              TABLE OF CONTENTS
                              -----------------

ARTICLE I.    DEFINITIONS                                                  4

ARTICLE II.   PURCHASE AND SALE; CLOSING                                   8
      2.1     PURCHASE AND SALE                                            8
      2.2     PURCHASE PRICE                                               8
      2.3     EXECUTION OF LICENSE AGREEMENT                               9
      2.4     THE CLOSING                                                  9

ARTICLE III.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER                    10
      3.1     ORGANIZATION AND GOOD STANDING                              10
      3.2     AUTHORITY; VALIDITY; CONSENTS                               10
      3.3     NO CONFLICT                                                 11
      3.4     CAPITALIZATION                                              11
      3.5     OPENING BALANCE                                             11
      3.6     TAX, RECORDS AND RETURNS                                    12
      3.7     OWNED REAL PROPERTY                                         12
      3.8     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS                                           13
      3.9     INDEBTEDNESS                                                13
      3.10    BANKRUPTCY OR JUDICIAL COMPOSITION PROCEEDINGS              13
      3.11    ENVIRONMENTAL ISSUES/HEALTH & SAFETY LAWS                   13
      3.12    CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERT           14
      3.13    INSURANCE                                                   14
      3.14    PERMITS                                                     14
      3.15    INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY                                      14
      3.16    ASSETS                                                      15
      3.17    MATERIAL AGREEMENTS                                         15
      3.18    COMPLIANCE WITH MATERIAL AGREEMENTS                         17
      3.19    EMPLOYMENT                                                  17
      3.20    INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY                                       17
      3.21    ARRANGEMENTS WITH CONNECTED PERSONS ETC.                    18
      3.22    BROKERS OR FINDERS                                          18
      3.23    ACCURACY OF INFORMATION PROVIDED                            18
      3.24    EXCLUSIVITY                                                 18
      3.25    BEST KNOWLEDGE                                              18
      3.26    INDEMNIFICATION                                             19

ARTICLE IV    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER                     19
      4.1     ORGANIZATION AND GOOD STANDING                              19
      4.2     AUTHORITY; VALIDITY; CONSENTS                               19
      4.3     NO CONFLICT                                                 20
      4.4     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS                                           20
      4.5     BROKERS OR FINDERS                                          20
      4.6     PURCHASE PRICE                                              20
      4.7     BUYER'S DUE DILIGENCE                                       20


<PAGE>  2


      4.8     EXCLUSIVITY                                                 21
      4.9     INDEMNIFICATION                                             21

ARTICLE V.    CLOSING CONDITIONS                                          21
      5.1     CLOSING CONDITIONS OF THE SELLER                            21
      5.2     CLOSING CONDITIONS OF THE BUYER                             22
      5.3     LONG STOP DATE                                              24

ARTICLE VI.   SELLER'S COVENANTS                                          24

ARTICLE VII.  NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION COVENANTS              25

ARTICLE VIII. GENERAL PROVISIONS                                          26
      8.1     EXPENSES                                                    26
      8.2     PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS                                        26
      8.3     NOTICES                                                     26
      8.4     ENTIRE AGREEMENT                                            27
      8.5     AMENDMENTS                                                  28
      8.6     BINDING AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS                              28
      8.7     SEVERABILITY                                                28
      8.8     CLAUSE HEADINGS, CONSTRUCTION                               29
      8.9     DISPUTE RESOLUTION                                          29
      8.10    GOVERNING LAW                                               30
      8.11    COUNTERPARTS                                                30
      8.12    TIME OF ESSENCE                                             30
      8.13    NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES                                30
      8.14    NO STRICT CONSTRUCTION                                      30

                              LIST OF EXHIBITS
                              ----------------


EXHIBIT 3.2   AUTHORITY; VALIDITY; CONSENTS
EXHIBIT 3.7   OWNED AND LEASED REAL PROPERTY
EXHIBIT 3.8   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
EXHIBIT 3.17  MATERIAL AGREEMENTS
EXHIBIT 3.18  COMPLIANCE WITH MATERIAL AGREEMENTS
EXHIBIT 3.20  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
EXHIBIT 5.2(B)(M)(I)   LEGAL OPINION FROM PRC COUNSEL
EXHIBIT 5.2(B)(M)(II)  LEGAL OPINION FROM HONG KONG COUNSEL
EXHIBIT 5.2(E)(I)      KEY EMPLOYEES OF PARLEX SHANGHAI
EXHIBIT 5.2(E)(II)     OTHER EMPLOYEES OF PARLEX SHANGHAI
EXHIBIT 5.2(H)         LIST OF DOCUMENTS FOR TRANSFER OF BUSINESS FROM
                       PARLEX SHANGHAI TO NEWCO
EXHIBIT 6.5            PERMITS TO BE OBTAINED BY NEWCO WITHIN 30 BUSINESS
                       DAYS OF CLOSING DATE


<PAGE>  3


                          STOCK TRANSFER AGREEMENT
                          ------------------------

      This Stock Transfer Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into as of
22nd day of December, 2004, by and among Parlex Corporation, a corporation
organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts with its place
of business at One Parlex Place, Methuen, MA 01844 ("Parlex Corporation"),
Parlex Asia Pacific Ltd., a Hong Kong corporation with its registered office
at 2802 Admiralty Centre Tower One, 18 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong ("Parlex" or
"Seller") and Infineon Technologies Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd., Company
Registration Number: 197000667M, a company duly incorporated in Singapore
with its place of business at 168, Kallang Way, Singapore 349253 ("Buyer").

                                  RECITALS
                                  --------

      WHEREAS, the Seller shall own 10,000 ordinary shares of par value
HK$1.00 each in HoldCo at the Closing Date; and

      WHEREAS, HoldCo is, or shall be at the Closing Date, the sole investor
in NewCo, a wholly foreign owned enterprise established, or to be
established, under the laws of the PRC with registered office in Shanghai,
China; and

      WHEREAS, Parlex desires to sell Four Thousand and Nine Hundred (4,900)
shares of par value HK$1.00 each in HoldCo which is equivalent to 49% of the
issued and paid up capital of HoldCo, and the Buyer desires to purchase the
same for the consideration and upon the terms specified herein.

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the purchase price hereinafter set
forth to be paid by Buyer and the mutual agreements and covenants contained
herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the Parties, it is mutually
agreed and covenanted by and between the Parties to this Agreement as
follows:

                                  ARTICLE I
                                 DEFINITIONS
                                 -----------

      "Affiliate" means in relation to a Party hereto, an enterprise or
company in which such Party holds not less than 50% of the issued and voting
share capital or in which it directly or indirectly has management control
or the holding company of a Party or an enterprise or company which is under
common control as a Party.

      "Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph,
and includes the Exhibits hereto.

      "Business" means the production of FCOS(TM) substrate and flip chip
module substrate materials as well as RFID antennas and the further
development of these


<PAGE>  4


product technologies (process and equipment) which was operated by Parlex
Shanghai prior to and up to the date hereof and shall be transferred from
Parlex Shanghai to NewCo on or before the Closing Date, such transfer to be
in accordance with the provisions of the Joint Venture Agreement entered
into between Seller and Buyer as at the date hereof.

      "Business Day" is any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or a day on
which Infineon is closed.

      "Closing" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.4 hereof.

      "Closing Date" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.4 hereof.

      "Companies" means HoldCo and NewCo collectively.

      "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power
to direct the management and policies of an enterprise or company whether
through the ownership of voting rights or otherwise.

      "Exhibits" means the disclosure Exhibits attached hereto to be
delivered by the Seller not later than 5 Business Days prior to the Closing
Date and such disclosure Exhibits to be dated no earlier than the date of
delivery of such disclosure Exhibits to Buyer.

      "Encumbrance" means any charge, lien, mortgage, hypothec, deed of
trust, pledge, security interest, option, right of first refusal, easement,
servitude, restrictive covenant, encroachment, encumbrance, or other similar
restriction.

      "Governmental Authority" means any federal, state or local or any
government, governmental authority, regulatory or administrative authority,
any court, tribunal or judicial body or any arbitrator.

      "Governmental Authorization" means any approval, consent, license,
permit, waiver, or other authorization issued, granted or otherwise made
available by or under the authority of any Governmental Authority.

      "HoldCo" means a company limited by shares established under the laws
of Hong Kong, which is wholly owned by Seller, with an authorized share
capital of 10,000 Hong Kong Dollars, of which 10,000 shares of par value
HK$1.00 have been issued and fully paid up in HoldCo as at the Closing Date.

      "Hong Kong" means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the
PRC.

      "Indebtedness" means, with respect to any Person, (i) any indebtedness
for borrowed money, whether short term or long term, (ii) any indebtedness
arising under capitalized leases, conditional sales contracts and other
similar title retention instruments, (iii) all liabilities secured by any
Encumbrance on any property owned by such Person,


<PAGE>  5


(iv) all indebtedness for the deferred purchase price of property or
services represented by a note, (v) all reimbursement obligations relating
to letters of credit, bankers' acceptances, surety or other bonds or similar
instruments, and (vi) all interest, fees, penalties and other expenses owed
with respect to indebtedness described in the foregoing clauses (i) through
(v), and (vii) all indebtedness referred to in the foregoing clauses (i)
through (vi) which is directly or indirectly guaranteed by such Person.

      "Initial Advance" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.2(a)(i)
hereof.

      "Intellectual Property" means any or all of the following and all
worldwide common law and statutory rights in, arising out of, or associated
therewith: (i) patents and utility models and applications therefor and all
reissues, divisions, re-examinations, renewals, and extensions thereof;
(ii) inventions (whether patentable or not), improvements, trade secrets,
proprietary information, know how, and any rights in technology, invention
disclosures, technical data and customer lists, and all documentation
relating to any of the foregoing; (iii) copyrights, copyright registrations
and applications therefor, and all other rights corresponding thereto
throughout the world; (iv) domain names; (v) industrial designs and any
registrations and applications therefor; (vi) trade names, logos, common law
trademarks and service marks, trademark and service mark registrations,
related goodwill and applications therefor throughout the world; (vii) all
moral and economic rights of authors and inventors, however denominated; and
(viii) any similar or equivalent rights to any of the foregoing (as
applicable).

      "Lease Agreement" means that certain Lease Agreement to be entered
into between Shanghai Jingling Holding Co. Ltd. and NewCo on the Closing
Date, the form of which is attached as Exhibit 6.4 to the Joint Venture
Agreement.

      "License Agreement" means that certain License Agreement by and
between Parlex Corporation and Buyer, to be executed on even date herewith,
the form of which is attached as Exhibit 6.1 to the Joint Venture Agreement.

      "License Fee" means the sum of US$500,000.00, payable by Buyer to
Parlex Corporation in consideration for Parlex Corporation's execution of
the License Agreement.

      "Long Stop Date" means 31 March 2005.

      "Material Adverse Effect" means any change, event, effect or condition
that, individually or together with any other change, event, effect or
condition, is materially adverse to the business, results of operations or
financial condition of an entity, taken as a whole, or on the ability of
such entity to consummate timely the transactions contemplated hereby.

      "Mediation" has the meaning set forth in Clause 8.9(b) hereof.

      "Negotiation" has the meaning set forth in Clause 8.9(a) hereof.


<PAGE>  6


      "Neutral" has the meaning set forth in Clause 8.9(b) hereof.

      "NewCo" means a wholly foreign owned enterprise established, or to be
established prior to the Closing Date, under the laws of the PRC which is
based in Shanghai, China.

      "Opening Balance" means the audited opening date balance sheets of the
Companies (each such financial statement comprising a balance sheet, profit
and loss account, cash flow statement, notes and directors' and auditors'
report).

      "Organizational Documents" means, with respect to any entity, the
articles of organization or incorporation of such entity, as well as the by-
laws or equivalent constitutional documents of such entity.

      "Outstanding Invoices" means the amounts owing from Infineon
Technologies AG to Parlex Corporation with respect to invoices generated by
the Business up to ninety days after the Long Stop Date, except that the
amount of the Outstanding Invoices shall not exceed One Million United
States Dollars (US$1,000,000.00).

      "Parlex Shanghai" means Parlex Shanghai Interconnect Products Ltd, an
Affiliate of Parlex which operated the Business as of the date hereof and
shall transfer the Business to NewCo on or before the Closing Date.

      "Parties" means Seller, Parlex Corporation and Buyer collectively and
"Party" means any one of them individually.

      "Person" means any individual, corporation (including any non-profit
corporation), partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, estate,
trust, association, organization, labor union or other entity or
Governmental Authority.

      "PRC" means the People's Republic of China.

      "Purchase Price" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.2 hereof.

      "Repayment Date" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.3 hereof.

      "Restricted Business" means the production of FCOS(TM) substrate and
flip chip module substrate materials and the further development of these
product technologies (process and equipment) which was operated by Parlex
Shanghai as of the date hereof and shall be transferred from Parlex Shanghai
to NewCo on or before the Closing Date subject to the Joint Venture
Agreement. .

      "Shares" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1 hereof.

      "Shortfall" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.2(a)(iii) hereof.


<PAGE>  7


      "Transaction Documents" means this Agreement, the Joint Venture
Agreement, the Supply Agreement (the form of which is attached as Exhibit
6.2 to the Joint Venture Agreement), the Service Agreement (the form of
which is attached as Exhibit 6.5 to the Joint Venture Agreement), the Lease
Agreement, the License Agreement, the Shareholder Loan Agreement (the form
of which is attached as Exhibit 4.2 to the Joint Venture Agreement) and the
Laser Drilling Service Agreement (the form of which is attached as Exhibit
6.7 to the Joint Venture Agreement), each of which is to be entered into by
and between some or all of Parlex Corporation, Parlex Shanghai or Parlex,
HoldCo, NewCo, and/or Buyer, and any other agreements, instruments,
certificates or documents entered into and/or delivered pursuant hereto or
thereto.

      "Warrantors" means Parlex Corporation and Seller collectively and
"Warrantor" means any one of them.

                                 ARTICLE II
                         PURCHASE AND SALE; CLOSING
                         --------------------------

      2.1   Purchase and Sale
            -----------------

      Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Closing,
Parlex shall sell, assign, convey, transfer and deliver to the Buyer free
from any Encumbrance, and the Buyer shall purchase, acquire and accept from
Parlex, forty-nine per cent. of the issued and paid up capital of HoldCo
which is equivalent to four thousand nine hundred (4,900) ordinary shares at
par value of HK$1.00 per share, in HoldCo (the "Shares").

      2.2   Purchase Price
            --------------

      The Purchase Price for the Shares is the aggregate sum of Two Million
Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars (US$2,500,000.00) (the "Purchase
Price") which shall be paid by the Buyer as set forth below.

      (a)(i)  Upon execution of this Agreement and subject to the conditions
set out in Clause 2.2(a)(ii) and (iii) below and the simultaneous execution
of the License Agreement referred to in Clause 2.3 below, Buyer shall pay to
Parlex the sum of Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars
(US$500,000.00) as an advance towards the Purchase Price ("Initial Advance")
by wire or other immediately available funds.

      (a)(ii)  It is also agreed between the Parties that in the event that
the Closing does not occur by the Long Stop Date, the Initial Advance will
be repaid by Seller forthwith, failing which the Initial Advance shall be
repaid by Parlex Corporation by way of set off of such amounts under the
Outstanding Invoices. Seller and/or Parlex Corporation shall release
Infineon Technologies AG from its obligations to make such payment under the
Outstanding Invoices which is equivalent to the amount of the Initial
Advance and Buyer shall be entitled to receive such duly executed
documentation as may be reasonably requested by Buyer to evidence the
foregoing.


<PAGE> 8


      (a)(iii)  The Parties further agree that in the event that the amounts
owing under the Outstanding Invoices do not equal the Initial Advance
("Shortfall"), said amount shall be set off against such other outstanding
invoices issued to Infineon Technologies AG from Parlex Corporation up to
the amount of the Initial Advance.

      (b)   At the Closing Date, Buyer shall pay Parlex the remaining sum of
Two Million United States Dollars (US$2,000,000) ("Remaining Purchase
Price") by wire or other immediately available funds and shall receive a
credit equivalent to the Initial Advance towards the Purchase Price from
Parlex. Parlex hereby acknowledges that, assuming the prior payment of the
Initial Advance in accordance with Section 2.2(a)(i) hereof, the payment of
the Remaining Purchase Price by Buyer on the Closing Date shall constitute
full payment of the Purchase Price, the receipt and sufficiency of which is
hereby acknowledged by Parlex.

      2.3   Execution of License Agreement
            ------------------------------

      Simultaneous with the execution of this Agreement as at the date
hereof, Buyer and Parlex Corporation shall enter into the License Agreement
and Buyer shall pay the License Fee to Parlex Corporation, subject to the
terms and conditions of the License Agreement. It is also agreed between the
Parties that in the event that the Closing does not occur by the Long Stop
Date, Parlex Corporation shall repay the License Fee to Buyer within ninety
(90) days of the Long Stop Date. In the event that Parlex Corporation fails
to repay the Licence Fee to Buyer within the 90 day timeframe, Buyer shall
be entitled to set off the Licence Fee against the amounts owing under the
Outstanding Invoices or such other invoices received by Infineon
Technologies AG from Parlex Corporation as such invoices become due and
payable. It is agreed that the rights granted to Buyer under the Licence
Agreement shall remain valid and in full effect until the Licence Fee is
fully paid by Parlex Corporation in the manner contemplated herein. It is
conditioned solely upon such receipt of full repayment of the Licence Fee by
Buyer ("Repayment Date") that all rights granted to Buyer under the License
Agreement shall terminate and such agreement shall be terminated and have no
further force and effect as at the Repayment Date.

      2.4   The Closing
            -----------

      (a)   Subject to the provisions of Clauses 5.1 and 5.2, the purchase
and sale of the Shares provided for in this Agreement (the "Closing") shall
take place on the fifth (5th) Business Day following the issuance of a
Business License by the State Administration for Industry and Commerce or
such other relevant authority in PRC to NewCo or such other date as the
Parties may agree and in any event no later than the Long Stop Date (the
applicable date on which the Closing shall occur is referred to herein as
the "Closing Date").

      (b)   The Closing shall take place at the offices of Infineon
Technologies Hong Kong Ltd., unless the Seller and Buyer mutually agree in
writing otherwise.


<PAGE>  9


      (c)   At the Closing, in addition to any and all other such actions as
may be provided for herein, the Seller shall deliver to Buyer any and all
certificates representing the Shares, duly endorsed, or accompanied by
appropriate stock powers duly endorsed in blank, for transfer as well.

                                 ARTICLE III
                  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER
                  ----------------------------------------

      Buyer acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to conduct a review
and analysis of the assets, general affairs, business, properties and
financial position of HoldCo and that it has completed to its satisfaction,
said review and analysis. Buyer acknowledges that in purchasing the Shares,
it is relying solely upon the results of its review and analysis and the
specific warranties and representations made by the Warrantors in this
Agreement, and nothing else. Subject to the exceptions set forth in the
Exhibits attached hereto, each of the Warrantors jointly and severally
represents and warrants to Buyer as follows:

      3.1   Organization and Good Standing
            ------------------------------

      Parlex is a corporation organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of Hong Kong. HoldCo is a corporation organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Hong Kong. NewCo is,
or as of the Closing Date shall be, a limited liability company organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of PRC. Each of HoldCo
and NewCo has, or by the Closing Date shall have, all requisite corporate
power and authority and authorizations, permits and licenses necessary to
own its property. Each of HoldCo and NewCo is, or by the Closing Date shall
be, qualified or licensed to do business and is, or by the Closing Date
shall be, in good standing in each jurisdiction where the character of its
business or the nature of its properties makes such qualification or
licensing necessary, except where the failure to so qualify or be licensed
would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Copies of the Organizational
Documents of HoldCo and NewCo will be made available for inspection by Buyer
not less than five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, and the
Organizational Documents of the Companies are true and complete in all
material respects.

      3.2   Authority; Validity; Consents
            -----------------------------

      Each of the Warrantors (as the case may be) has the requisite power,
capacity and authority necessary to enter into and perform its respective
obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and
therein have been duly and validly authorized. This Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents constitute legal, valid, and binding obligations of
the relevant Warrantor, enforceable against the relevant Warrantor in
accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability is
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar
laws now or hereafter in


<PAGE>  10


effect relating to creditors' rights generally or general principles of
equity or public policy. Except as set forth in Exhibit 3.2 and in Exhibit
6.5, the Warrantors are not required to give any notice to, make any filing
with or obtain any consent from any Person in connection with the execution
and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents or the
consummation or performance of any of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, there are no
agreements, options, commitments or rights for any Person (other than Buyer)
to purchase or otherwise acquire any of the capital stock or other equity
interests of HoldCo.

      3.3   No Conflict
            -----------

      The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents and the consummation of the transactions provided for herein and
therein will not result in the breach of any of the terms and provisions of,
or constitute a default under, or conflict with, or cause any acceleration
of any obligation of any Warrantor under, or result in any diminution of any
material right or benefit under any Warrantor's Organizational Documents, or
to the Warrantors' knowledge, under any federal, state, local, municipal,
foreign, international, multinational, or other administrative order,
constitution, law, ordinance, principle of common law, regulation, statute
or treaty, except, in all such cases, to the extent such breach, default or
conflict would not result in a Material Adverse Effect.

      3.4   Capitalization
            --------------

      The registered capital of NewCo shall be Five Million US Dollars
(US$5,000,000).

      HoldCo is authorized to issue 10,000 ordinary shares at par value of
HK$1.00 per share, of which 10,000 shares are currently issued and
outstanding to Parlex. The Shares shall be transferred to Buyer free and
clear of all Encumbrances and represents 49 per cent of the issued and paid
up capital of HoldCo as at the Closing Date, and the delivery of the Shares
to Buyer at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement will transfer to Buyer,
valid title thereto, free and clear of all Encumbrances.

      3.5   Opening Balance
            ---------------

      The Opening Balance has been prepared in accordance with the
requirements of all relevant statutes and US Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles and practice consistently applied. It is complete and accurate in
all respects, shows a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the
Business and of the assets and liabilities, results and profits on the
opening date. The Opening Balance discloses and makes full provision or
reserve for all liabilities (whether actual or contingent and whether
quantified or disputed or otherwise) and there are no such liabilities
except as taken into account in the Opening Balance.


<PAGE>  11


      3.6   Tax, Records and Returns
            ------------------------

      The Companies and the Business have duly filed all returns,
computations, notices and information required to be made or provided by the
Companies or the Business for any tax purpose and the same have been made or
given within the requisite periods and on a proper basis and when made were
true and accurate in all material respects and are up to date and none of
them is or is, to the Best Knowledge of the Warrantors, likely to be the
subject of any material dispute with any tax authority.

      The Companies and the Business have paid, and have withheld, deducted
and accounted to the relevant tax authorities for, all tax which it has
become liable to pay, withhold, deduct or account for on or before the date
hereof and, within the legal limitation period prior to the date hereof,
neither the Companies nor any director or officer of the Companies have paid
or become liable to pay any fine, penalty, surcharge or interest in relation
to tax.

      Save as provided for in the accounts of the Companies, there is no
existing contingent or deferred liability for tax including liability for
tax which would arise on the Companies ceasing to trade or on its ceasing to
use or occupy any asset for the purposes of its trade or on its disposing of
any asset at its book value as shown in the Accounts or which might arise as
a result of the execution of this Agreement (but excluding any liability for
tax which arises solely as the result of the realization by the Company of
trading stock or work in progress in the ordinary course of its business)
and no material changes in the assets and liabilities as shown in the
Accounts have occurred since June 30, 2004 which might result in any such
liability.

      The Companies and the Business have not entered into or been engaged
in or been a party to any transaction or series of transactions or scheme or
arrangement of which the main purpose or one of the main purposes was the
avoidance or deferral of tax or a reduction in the liability to tax of the
Companies or the Business.

      All documents to which the Companies or the Business are a party or
which form part of the Companies' title to any asset or in the enforcement
of which the Companies are or may be interested which are subject to stamp
or similar duty or transfer tax have been duly stamped and adjudicated or
have had such tax duly paid on them; any relief obtained from any such duty
or tax has been properly obtained, and no event has occurred as a result of
which any such duty or tax for which relief was obtained has become payable.

      3.7   Owned and Leased Real Property
            ------------------------------

      HoldCo and NewCo do not own, and have not at any time owned, any real
property. Exhibit 3.7 sets forth a list of all real properties currently
leased or otherwise occupied by the Companies or the Business (the "Leased
Real Property"), including the name of the lessor, the date of the lease and
each amendment thereto and, with respect to any current lease, the aggregate
annual rental payable under any such lease.


<PAGE>  12


      3.8   Legal Proceedings
            -----------------

      Except as set forth in Exhibit 3.8, neither the Companies nor the
Business is engaged whether as plaintiff or defendant or otherwise in any
civil, criminal or arbitration proceedings or any proceedings before any
tribunal (save for debt collection by the Companies in the ordinary course
of business) and there are no proceedings threatened or pending against the
Companies or the Business and, to the Best Knowledge of the Warrantors,
there are no facts which are likely to give rise to any such litigation or
proceedings.

      The Companies and the Business are not the subject of any official
investigation or inquiry and neither the Companies nor any of its directors
or officers are aware of any facts which are likely to give rise to any such
investigation or inquiry.

      3.9   Indebtedness
            ------------

      Neither the Companies nor the Business has any Indebtedness
outstanding except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement or any other
Transaction Document.

      3.10  Bankruptcy or Judicial Composition Proceedings
            ----------------------------------------------

      No bankruptcy or judicial composition proceedings concerning any
Warrantor or either of the Companies have been applied for and, to the Best
Knowledge of the Warrantors, no circumstances exist which would require the
application for any bankruptcy or judicial composition proceedings under
mandatory law and, to the Best Knowledge of the Warrantors, no circumstances
exist pursuant to any applicable bankruptcy laws which could justify the
voidance of this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents.

      3.11  Environmental Issues/Health & Safety Laws
            -----------------------------------------

      To the Best Knowledge of the Warrantors, the Companies and the
Business are not in violation of any applicable statutes, law or regulations
relating to the environment or occupational health and safety and no
material expenditure are or will be required in order to comply with any
such existing statute, law or regulation.

      To the Best Knowledge of the Warrantors, the Companies possess all
environmental permits necessary in order to conduct the Business as it is
now being conducted. Each environmental permit previously issued to Parlex
Shanghai and relating to the Business shall be, as of the Closing Date,
issued to NewCo and shall be in full force and effect as of the Closing
Date. NewCo is in compliance with all requirements, terms and provisions of
the environmental permits issued to NewCo and relating to the Business,
except where failure to comply would not result in a Material Adverse Effect
on the Companies or the Business. For purposes of this Clause 3.11, Material
Adverse shall be defined as total expenditures in excess of US$100,000.00.


<PAGE>  13


      3.12  Confidential Information and Intellectual Property
            --------------------------------------------------

      The carrying on of the Business does not require any authorizations,
permissions, licenses or consents from, or the making of royalty or similar
payments to, any third party and the Companies are not engaged in any
activities which involve the use of or which infringe any Intellectual
Property belonging to any third party.

      3.13  Insurance
            ---------

      All assets of the Companies of an insurable nature have at all times
been and are insured in amounts to the full replacement value thereof
against such risks as are in accordance with good commercial practice
normally insured against. The Companies and the Business have at all times
been adequately covered against accident, third party, public liability,
product liability and other risks normally covered by insurance and nothing
has been done or omitted to be done by or on behalf of the Companies which
would make any policy of insurance void or voidable or enable the insurers
to avoid the same. There is no claim outstanding under any such policy and
neither the Companies nor its directors or officers are aware of any
circumstances likely to give rise to such a claim or result in an increased
rate of premium.

      3.14  Permits
            -------

      Each Company is in possession of all material governmental approvals,
licenses, authorizations, consents and permits, including, without
limitation, those in the areas of emission laws, safety laws and
construction laws necessary to operate the Business as it is conducted as of
the Closing Date (collectively "Permits"). To Best Knowledge of the
Warrantors, no circumstances exist which would reasonably be expected to
result in, as a consequence of the implementation of this Agreement or
otherwise, (i) a revocation or limitation of the Permits or (ii) the
imposition of conditions to the Permits. Notwithstanding the generality of
the foregoing, all actions consents, permits, approvals and registrations
for items 1.1 to 1.9 in Exhibit 6.5 to this Agreement shall be obtained and
issued to NewCo within 30 Business Days of the Closing Date and all actions,
consents, permits, approvals and registrations for items 1.10 to 1.12 in
Exhibit 6.5 to this Agreement shall be obtained and issued to NewCo within
60 Business Days of the Closing Date.

      3.15  Information Technology
            ----------------------

      The internal information technology systems of each Company (the "IT
Systems") are either owned by, or properly licensed or leased to, the
respective Company. Neither Seller nor such Company is in material default
under such licenses or leases. The IT Systems have not experienced a failure
or been corrupted in a manner which has resulted in a Material Adverse
Effect on the Business. To the Best Knowledge of the Warrantors, the IT
Systems do not contain viruses, bugs or things which distort their proper
functioning, permit unauthorized access or disable them without the consent
of the user.


<PAGE>  14


      3.16  Assets
            ------

      Each Company holds good title to all fixed assets which are reflected
as being owned by them in the Companies' books and records (the "Fixed
Assets"). The Fixed Assets are not subject to any Encumbrance. The Fixed
Assets are in a reasonably useable condition, except for regular needs for
maintenance and repair, in order to continue the Business substantially in
the same fashion and manner as conducted as at the signing date of this
Agreement. The properties, assets and intellectual properties owned, leased
or licensed by the Companies, together with the Fixed Assets include all
material tangible or intangible properties and assets necessary for the
conduct of the Business as previously conducted by Parlex Shanghai and
presently conducted and proposed to be conducted by the Companies. Neither
Seller, nor Parlex Shanghai nor any of their Affiliates own any tangible or
intangible properties or assets used in any business activity related to the
Business.

      3.17  Material Agreements
            -------------------

      3.17.1  The rights and obligations of Parlex Shanghai under any
agreements and commitments that exclusively or predominantly relate to the
Business have been validly assigned to NewCo and all Government
Authorizations and third party consents necessary for the assignment have
been obtained.

      3.17.2  None of the Companies is bound by any of the agreements and
commitments listed in (i) to (xi) below, except for such agreements and
commitments which are listed or disclosed in Exhibit 3.17 (herein
collectively "Material Agreements").

      (i)   Loan agreements and credit facilities, or other agreements or
instruments creating indebtedness of the Company in excess of US$ 50,000.00
or securing such indebtedness such as pledges, guarantees, securities or
letters of comfort extended by the Company, to any third parties and that
will continue in effect or with respect to which the Company will have any
liabilities after the Closing Date;

      (ii)  Patents, trademarks and know how license agreements which
involve annual royalties in excess of US$ 50,000.00;

      (iii) Agreements relating to the acquisition, encumbrance or
disposition (whether by stock or asset purchase, merger or otherwise) of
fixed assets, interests in companies or businesses, partnerships or other
business organizations, which in each case involve payment obligations in
excess of US$ 50,000.00;

      (iv)  Lease, leasehold or hereditary building right agreements
relating to real and personal properties where the annual rent exceeds
US$ 10,000.00;

      (v)   Agreements with suppliers and customers (relating to the
Business) which involve yearly payment obligations of more than
US$ 50,000.00;


<PAGE>  15


      (vi)  Any contract for any joint venture or any agreement relating to
holding, voting or transferring any equity interests in any Company;

      (vii) Any agreement, contract or commitment containing any covenant
limiting in any respect the right to engage in any line of business or to
compete with any person or granting any exclusive distribution rights
material to the Business;

      (viii)  Any reseller, distributor, joint marketing, alliance,
development or other agreement currently in force under which any Company
has continuing material obligations to jointly market any product,
technology or service material to the Business, or any material agreement
pursuant to which any Company has continuing material obligations to jointly
develop any intellectual property material to the Business that will not be
owned, in whole or in part, by a Company;

      (ix)  Any agreement, contract or commitment currently in force to
provide source code or any other intellectual property, know how or trade
secret to any third party, including any escrow agent, for any product or
technology that is material to the Business;

      (x)   Any material agreement, contract or commitment currently in
force to license any third party to manufacture or reproduce any Business
products, or any related service or technology or any material agreement,
contract or commitment currently in force to sell or distribute any product
of the Business; or

      (xi)  Any other agreement, contract or commitment applicable to the
Business in connection with or pursuant to which Parlex Shanghai or any
Company will spend or receive (or is expected to spend or receive), in the
aggregate, more than US$ 50,000.00.during the current fiscal year or during
the next fiscal year.

      3.17.3  The Companies are not a party to:

      (i)   any contract not entered into in the ordinary course of business
or not on arm's length terms;

      (ii)  any contract restricting the Companies' freedom of action in
relation to its normal business activities; or

      (iii) any contract for the purchase or use by the Companies of
materials, supplies or equipment which is in excess of the requirements of
the Companies' for its normal operating purposes.

      3.17.4  To the Best Knowledge of the Warrantors, there are no
contracts or obligations, agreements, arrangements or concerted practices
involving the Companies and no practices in which the Companies are engaged
which are void, illegal, unenforceable, registrable or notifiable under or
which contravene any anti-trust legislation or regulations anywhere in the
world, nor have the Companies received any


<PAGE>  16


threat or complaint or request for information or investigation in relation
to or in connection with any such legislation or regulations.

      3.18  Compliance with Material Agreements
            -----------------------------------

      Each of the Material Agreements is a legal, binding and enforceable
obligation of the Companies. Except as disclosed in Exhibit 3.18, the
Companies are not in material breach of any Material Agreements and none of
the Material Agreements have been terminated by any party, nor has any party
given written notice about its intention to terminate a Material Agreement,
nor has the validity or enforceability of any of the Material Agreements
been legally contested.

      3.19  Employment
            ----------

      There is no existing or threatened or pending industrial or trade
dispute involving the Companies or the Business and any of its employees and
there are no agreements or arrangements (whether oral or in writing or
existing by reason of custom and practice and whether or not legally
binding) between the Companies and any trade union or other employees'
representatives or organization concerning or affecting the Companies'
employees.. There are no amounts owing from NewCo to any employee of NewCo
as a result of the transfer of Business from Parlex Shanghai to NewCo and no
employee of NewCo has any right of claim against NewCo in respect of
employment matters.

      3.20  Intellectual Property
            ---------------------

      Exhibit 3.20 contains a complete list of all Intellectual Property
owned or licensed by Parlex Shanghai and exclusively or predominantly
relating to the Business (the "Business IP").

      Parlex Shanghai has validly assigned and/or transferred all Business
IP to NewCo and all Government Authorizations and third party consents
necessary for the assignment and/or transfer thereof have been obtained.

      The use of the Business IP by the Companies and the design,
development, manufacture, use, import, sale licensing or other exploitation
of products of the Business do not infringe the rights of any third party.

      To the Best Knowledge of the Warrantors, none of the Business IP has
been adjudicated unenforceable or ineffective in any manner.

      During the three years period preceding the Closing Date, the Business
and the Companies have not infringed any Intellectual Property of any third
party.

      The Business IP is sufficient to conduct the Business in the manner
currently conducted and as it is currently contemplated to be conducted,
including, without limitation, the design, development, manufacture, use,
import, sale licensing or other exploitation of any products of the
Business.


<PAGE>  17


      3.21  Arrangements with Connected Persons etc.
            ----------------------------------------

      The Companies and the Business have not made any gift or loan to, or
provided any guarantee or security for a loan made by any other person, to
any Affiliate or director or former director or any of their relatives, nor
has it been a party to any transaction or arrangement with any of the
foregoing other than arm's length service contracts, and the Business' or
the Companies' profits or financial position have not at any time been
adversely affected by any contract or arrangement which is not of an
entirely arm's-length nature.

      3.22  Brokers or Finders
            ------------------

      The Seller has not incurred any obligation or liability, contingent or
otherwise, for brokerage or finders' fees or agents' commissions or other
similar payment in connection with this Agreement or the other Transaction
Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

      3.23  Accuracy of Information Provided
            --------------------------------

      All information contained in this Agreement is true and accurate in
all respects and not misleading in any respect. All written information
provided to Buyer and its professional advisers during the negotiations
prior to this Agreement was when given true and accurate.

      3.24  Exclusivity
            -----------

      The representations and warranties made by the Warrantors in this
Agreement are in lieu of and exclusive of all other representations and
warranties, including without limitation any implied warranties of
merchantability or fitness or adequacy for any particular purpose of use.
The Warrantors hereby excludes and disclaims any such other or implied
representations or warranties, notwithstanding the delivery or disclosure to
Buyer or its officers, directors, employees, stockholders, agents, advisors
or representatives of any documentation or other information by the Seller
or any other person in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
except as expressly covered by a representation and warranty contained in
this Article III, the Warrantors makes no representation or warranty to
Buyer with respect to (a) any projections, estimates or budgets delivered,
or made available to Buyer or its representatives before or after the date
of this Agreement, or (b) any other information or documents (financial or
otherwise) made available to Buyer or its representatives.

      3.25  Best Knowledge
            --------------

      For the purpose of this Agreement, "Best Knowledge of the Warrantors"
shall mean the actual knowledge of Peter J. Murphy, Jonathan R. Kosheff,
Alan Wong, Edmund Chan, F. J. Hoon, and T. Y. Chung. Except for the
aforementioned individuals,


<PAGE>  18


each of the Warrantors jointly and severally represents and warrants that
there are no other individuals who have key knowledge on the matters
referred to in the representations and warranties contained in this Article
III.

      3.26  Indemnification
            ---------------

      For a period of two (2) years from and after the Closing Date, each of
the Warrantors shall jointly and severally protect, defend, indemnify and
hold harmless Buyer and its Affiliates, officers, directors, employees,
representatives and agents (each of the foregoing Persons is hereinafter
referred to individually as an "Indemnified Person" and collectively as
"Indemnified Persons") from and against any and all losses, costs, damages,
liabilities, fees (including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees)
and expenses (collectively, the "Damages"), that any of the Indemnified
Persons incurs by reason of or in connection with any claim, demand, action
or cause of action alleging misrepresentation, breach of, or default in
connection with, any of the representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements (a "Breach") of any Warrantor and its Affiliates contained in
this Agreement, including any Exhibits attached hereto.

                                 ARTICLE IV
                   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER
                   ---------------------------------------

      4.1   Organization and Good Standing

      Buyer is a corporation organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation. Buyer has the
full corporate power and authority to own its property, carry on its
business as now being conducted, and to carry out the transactions
contemplated hereby.

      4.2   Authority; Validity; Consents
            -----------------------------

      Buyer has the requisite power, capacity and authority necessary to
enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
the other Transaction Documents by Buyer and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated herein have been duly and validly authorized by
all necessary corporate actions in respect thereof. This Agreement and the
other Transaction Documents constitute the legal, valid, and binding
obligation of Buyer, enforceable against it in accordance with their
respective terms, except as such enforceability is limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws now or hereafter in
effect relating to creditors' rights generally or general principles of
equity or public policy. Buyer is not required to give any notice to or
obtain any consent from any Person in connection with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents or the
consummation or performance of any of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby.


<PAGE>  19


      4.3   No Conflict
            -----------

      The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents and the consummation of the transactions provided for herein and
therein will not result in the breach of any of the terms and provisions of,
or constitute a default under, or conflict with, or cause any acceleration
of any obligation of Buyer under Buyer's Organizational Documents or, to
Buyer's knowledge, under any federal, state, local, municipal, foreign,
international, multinational, or other administrative order, constitution,
law, ordinance, principle of common law, regulation, statute or treaty,
except, in all such cases, to the extent such breach, default or conflict
would not result in a Material Adverse Effect.

      4.4   Legal Proceedings
            -----------------

      There is no pending proceeding that has been commenced or, to Buyer's
knowledge, that has been threatened, against or otherwise relating to or
involving Buyer or any of its assets, at law or in equity, that challenges,
or may have the effect of preventing, delaying, making illegal, or otherwise
interfering with, the transaction contemplated hereby.

      4.5   Brokers or Finders
            ------------------

      Neither Buyer, nor any of its respective officers and agents, has
incurred any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise, for brokerage
or finders' fees or agents' commissions or other similar payment in
connection with this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

      4.6   Purchase Price
            --------------

      The Buyer has readily-available funds sufficient to pay the Purchase
Price. The fair-market value of the assets of the Buyer and group of
business entities of which the Buyer is a part exceeds its liabilities and
it has the ability to pay its debts as they come due, in the ordinary course
of business. Upon Closing and immediately after the Closing, Buyer is and
will be solvent, has and will have tangible and intangible assets having a
fair value in excess of the amount required to pay its probable liabilities
on its existing debts as they become due, and has access to adequate capital
for the conduct of its business and the ability to pay its debts from time
to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature.

      4.7   Buyer's Due Diligence
            ---------------------

      The Buyer represents that it has had an opportunity to ask questions
of and receive answers from the Seller regarding HoldCo and NewCo, its
business and its prospects, and the Shares. The Buyer believes that it has
received all of the information that it considers necessary or appropriate
for deciding whether to acquire the Shares.


<PAGE>  20


      4.8   Exclusivity
            -----------

      The representations and warranties made by Buyer in this Agreement are
in lieu of and are exclusive of all other representations and warranties,
including without limitation any implied warranties of merchantability or
fitness or adequacy for any particular purpose or use. Buyer hereby excludes
and disclaims any such other or implied representations or warranties,
notwithstanding the delivery or disclosure to the Seller or their officers,
directors, employees, stockholders, agents, advisors or representatives of
any documentation or other information by Buyer or any other Person in
connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

      4.9   Indemnification
            ---------------

      For a period of two (2) years from and after the Closing Date, Buyer
shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold harmless Seller and its
Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents (each
of the foregoing Persons is hereinafter referred to individually as an
"Indemnified Person" and collectively as "Indemnified Persons") from and
against any and all losses, costs, damages, liabilities, fees (including
without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees) and expenses (collectively,
the "Damages"), that any of the Indemnified Persons incurs by reason of or
in connection with any claim, demand, action or cause of action alleging
misrepresentation, breach of, or default in connection with, any of the
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements (a "Breach") of the
Buyer and its Affiliates contained in this Agreement, including any Exhibits
attached hereto.

                                  ARTICLE V
                             CLOSING CONDITIONS
                             ------------------

      5.1   Closing Conditions of the Seller
            --------------------------------

      The obligations of the Seller hereunder to complete the transactions
provided for herein are subject, at the option of Seller, to the fulfillment
by Buyer of each of the following conditions at or prior to the Closing, and
Buyer shall use its best efforts to cause each such condition to be so
fulfilled:

            (a)   Buyer shall have paid to Parlex the Purchase Price in
      accordance with the procedure set forth in Clause 2.2 above;

            (b)   Buyer shall have delivered copies of the resolutions of
      its Board of Directors, certified by its secretary, authorizing and
      approving this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby;

            (c)   Buyer shall have delivered an officer's certificate
      stating that all of the representations and warranties contained
      herein shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of
      the date of Closing, and that all of the terms, covenants and


<PAGE>  21


      conditions of this Agreement to be complied with or performed by at or
      before the Closing shall have been duly complied with and performed;

            (d)   The Transaction Documents and all other documents
      hereunder required to be executed and delivered to Seller at or prior
      to the Closing shall have been so executed and delivered;

            (e)   The consents required from third parties, as set forth in
      Exhibit 3.2, shall have been received;

            (f)   Buyer shall have performed or complied in all material
      respects with its agreements and covenants required to be performed or
      complied with under this Agreement as of or prior to the Closing Date;

            (g)   Buyer shall have obtained all material consents,
      approvals, orders, permits or other authorizations required in respect
      of the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
      Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions
      contemplated herein and therein; and

            (h)   No legal proceeding shall be pending wherein an
      unfavorable judgment, order, decree, stipulation or injunction would
      (i) prevent consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by
      this Agreement or (ii) cause any of the transactions contemplated by
      this Agreement to be rescinded following consummation, and no such
      judgment, order, decree, stipulation or injunction shall be in effect.

      5.2   Closing Conditions of the Buyer
            -------------------------------

      The obligations of Buyer hereunder to complete the transactions
provided for herein are subject, at the option of Buyer, to the fulfillment
by the Warrantors (as the case may be) of each of the following conditions
at or prior to the Closing, and each Warrantor shall use its best efforts to
cause each such condition to be so fulfilled:

            (a)   Seller shall have delivered certificates representing the
      Shares and any and all other duly executed instruments of transfer and
      sold notes as shall be necessary or appropriate to convey, transfer,
      assign and vest in the Buyer all ownership, right, interest and title
      in fee simple, free of any obligations, liens, liabilities,
      encumbrances, security interests or charges in and to the Shares to be
      purchased hereunder;

            (b)   Each Warrantor shall have delivered copies of the
      resolutions of its Board of Directors, certified by its secretary,
      authorizing and approving this Agreement and the transactions
      contemplated hereby;

            (c)   Each Warrantor shall have delivered an officer's
      certificate stating that all of the representations and warranties
      contained herein shall be true and correct in all material respects on
      and as of the date of Closing, and that all of the terms, covenants


<PAGE>  22


      and conditions of this Agreement to be complied with or performed by
      at or before the Closing shall have been duly complied with and
      performed;

            (d)   The Transaction Documents and all other documents referred
      to in this Agreement and the Transaction Documents which are required
      to be executed and delivered to Buyer at or prior to the Closing shall
      have been so executed and delivered to Buyer;

            (e)   one of the key employees of Parlex Shanghai named in
      Exhibit 5.2 (e)(i) and not more than 20% of the other employees of
      Parlex Shanghai named in Exhibit 5.2 (e)(ii) to this Agreement have
      rejected an employment offer by NewCo; provided, however, that in the
      event a key employee has so rejected an employment offer, such
      employee may be replaced by an individual with comparable professional
      experience no later than ten (10) days after the Closing Date and that
      such replacement is reasonably acceptable to Buyer. Buyer may provide
      written objections, if any, within five business days of receipt of
      such replacement employee's resume or curriculum vitae. In such event,
      Buyer will provide Seller with a brief description of the reason(s)
      for its objection(s). In the event Buyer does not provide written
      objections within such time period, they shall be deemed to have
      assented to the hiring;

            (f)   The Companies have not experienced a Material Adverse
      Effect and the representations and warranties of the Warrantors
      contained herein shall be true and correct in all material respects,
      in each case as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing
      Date;

            (g)   Each of Seller and its Affiliates shall have performed or
      complied in all material respects with its agreements and covenants
      required to be performed or complied with under this Agreement as of
      or prior to the Closing Date;

            (h)   Seller and its Affiliates shall have obtained approval of
      the environmental assessment report for NewCo by the Environmental
      Bureau in PRC and have executed all relevant documentation as set
      forth in Exhibit in 5.2(h) in respect of the transfer of the Business
      from Parlex Shanghai to NewCo, such documentation to be provided to
      Buyer's reasonable satisfaction not less then five (5) Business Days
      prior to Closing;

            (i)   Seller, Parlex Corporation and its Affiliates shall have
      obtained all material consents, approvals, orders, permits or other
      authorizations required in respect of the execution, delivery and
      performance of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and the
      consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein;

            (j)   No legal proceeding shall be pending wherein an
      unfavorable judgment, order, decree, stipulation or injunction would
      (i) prevent consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by
      this Agreement or (ii) cause any of the transactions contemplated by
      this Agreement to be rescinded following consummation, and no such
      judgment, order, decree, stipulation or injunction shall be in effect;


<PAGE>  23


            (k)   HoldCo did not authorize for issuance, issue, sell,
      deliver or agree or commit to issue, sell or deliver (whether through
      the issuance or granting of options, warrants, commitments,
      subscriptions, rights to purchase or otherwise) any shares of any
      class or any other securities of, or other ownership interests in
      HoldCo;

            (l)   HoldCo did not increase or reduce the registered capital
      and total investment amount of NewCo; and

            (m)   Seller shall provide Buyer with a legal opinion from the
      PRC law firm Siway & Seaway, 14th Floor, Panorama Mansion, 53 HuangPu
      Road, Bund, 200080 Shanghai P.R. China in the form attached here to as
      Exhibit 5.2(m)(i) and a legal opinion from the Hong Kong law firm of
      Morrison & Foerster , in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
      5.2(m)(ii).

      5.3   Long Stop Date
            --------------

      (a)   On or after the Long Stop Date, Seller may withdraw from this
Agreement by written notice to Buyer unless all of the closing conditions as
per Clause 5.1 above have been fulfilled on or before such date unless
Seller is responsible for the non-fulfillment of said closing conditions.

      (b)   On or after the Long Stop Date, Buyer may withdraw from this
Agreement by written notice to Seller unless all of the closing conditions
as per Clause 5.2 above have been fulfilled on or before such date unless
Buyer is responsible for the non-fulfillment of said closing conditions.

      (c)   In the event of such withdrawal, the withdrawing Party shall
have no obligation or incur any liability towards the other Party and the
Parties herewith waive all such claims they may have against the withdrawing
Party in connection with such withdrawal, except for any liability of any
Party for fraud or for damages for willful breach of any covenant or other
obligation under this Agreement and the Licence Agreement.

                                 ARTICLE VI
                            WARRANTORS' COVENANTS
                            ---------------------

      6.1   Seller covenants that before the Closing Date, NewCo shall offer
employment to the employees of Parlex Shanghai listed in Exhibits 5.2(e)(i)
and 5.2(e)(ii) and shall direct Parlex Shanghai to recommend to the
employees that they accept such offered employment with NewCo.

      6.2   For the period between the signing date and the Closing Date,
Seller shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Companies shall (i)
preserve relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees,
industry associations, and others with which it has business dealings
related to the Business, (ii) preserve the assets of the Business in good
working condition, reasonable wear and tear excepted, (iii) keep the
necessary


<PAGE>  24


insurance for the Business in place, and (iv) maintain accounting procedures
consistent with past practice.

      6.3   For the period between the signing date and the Closing Date,
Seller shall ensure that the Companies shall not, with respect to the
Business, without the consent of Buyer, (i) permit any of its material
assets to be subjected to any Encumbrance, except for those arising by
operation of law, (ii) make any capital expenditure exceeding an aggregate
amount of US$50,000.00, (iii) enter into any material contract or commitment
with onerous terms which are not consistent with past practices, (iv) grant
any increase in wages, salaries, bonus or other remuneration of any
employee, (v) cancel or waive any claims or rights of substantial value,
(vi) incur or assume any long-term or short-term debt; assume, guarantee,
endorse or otherwise become liable (whether directly, contingently or
otherwise) for the obligation of any other Person; make any loans, advances
or capital contributions to, or investments in any Person, or (vii) agree,
whether or not in writing, to do any of the foregoing.

      6.4   Seller shall procure that from the signing date the management
of the Companies will grant Buyer and its Affiliates reasonable access to
all premises, assets, records, personnel, information and documentation, and
will lend to Buyer and its Affiliates all support reasonably required for
the conduct of the Business. Seller shall regularly update specified
personnel of Buyer and/or its Affiliates on the status of the transfer of
the Business from Parlex Shanghai to NewCo.

      6.5   Each of the Warrantors hereby irrevocably jointly and severally
undertakes to the Buyer that all actions, permits, approvals and
registrations as set out in Exhibit 6.5 shall be done by, obtained by, or
issued to NewCo within the timeframes set forth in such exhibit.

                                 ARTICLE VII
               NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION COVENANTS
               ----------------------------------------------

      7.1   Seller and Buyer each hereby agree that for a period of two (2)
years following the Closing Date (the "Restricted Period"), it shall not and
each shall cause its respective Affiliates to not:

      (i)   engage in or support any new business competing with the
Restricted Business; or

      (ii)  hold directly any ownership or equity interest in any business
entity or enterprise that engages a business competing with the Restricted
Business; and

      (iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event any of Buyer's
customers requires that Buyer utilize a second source to manufacture
products provided by the Restricted Business, then and in that event only,
Buyer shall be allowed to use the services of a second source to engage in
the Restricted Business so long as NewCo


<PAGE>  25


continues to be the primary source for the manufacturing of products
provided by the Restricted Business.

      7.2   For a period of two (2) years after the Closing Date, neither
Seller nor Buyer, nor any of their respective Affiliates, will solicit any
member of senior management of the Companies for employment, provided that
such Party shall not be restricted from advertising for employment in any
newspaper, trade journal or other publication available for general
distribution to the public without specific reference to any particular
employees.

                                ARTICLE VIII
                             GENERAL PROVISIONS
                             ------------------

      8.1   Expenses and Stamp Duty
            -----------------------

      Except as otherwise expressly provided for in this Agreement, each
Party to this Agreement covenants to pay all expenses incurred by it in
connection with the preparation, execution, and performance of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including all fees and
expenses of its representatives, whether or not the Closing shall have
occurred. All stamp duty payable in relation to the sale and purchase of the
Shares shall be borne by the Buyer.

      8.2   Public Announcements
            --------------------

      Unless otherwise required by applicable law or by obligations of the
Parties or their affiliates pursuant to any listing agreement with or rules
of any securities exchange, the Parties shall consult with each other before
issuing any press release or otherwise making any public statement with
respect to this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or the
activities and operations of the other Party and shall not issue any such
release or make any such statement without the prior written consent of the
other Party (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

      8.3   Notices
            -------

      All notices, consents, waivers, and other communications under this
Agreement must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given
when: (a) delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt), (b) sent
by facsimile (with written confirmation of receipt), or (c) when received by
the addressee, if sent by a delivery service (prepaid, receipt requested) or
(d) when received by the addressee, if sent by registered or certified mail
(postage prepaid, return receipt requested), in each case to the appropriate
addresses, representative (if applicable) and facsimile numbers set forth
below (or to such other addresses, representative and facsimile numbers as a
Party may designate by notice to the other Parties):


<PAGE>  26


            (i)   If to Seller, to:

                        Peter J. Murphy
                        President
                        Parlex Corporation
                        One Parlex Place
                        Methuen, MA 01844
                        Facsimile: (978) 685-7867

                  with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

                        Edward D. Kutchin, Esq.
                        Kutchin & Rufo, P.C.
                        155 Federal Street
                        Boston, MA 02110
                        Facsimile: (617) 542-3001

            (ii)  If to Buyer, to:

                        Infineon Technologies AG
                        Klaus Hau
                        Leibnizstrasse 6
                        93055 Regensburg

                  with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

                        Infineon Technologies AG
                        Legal Department
                        p.o. box 800949
                        81609 Munich, Germany
                        Fax: + 49 89 234 26993

      8.4   Entire Agreement
            ----------------

      This Agreement (including the Exhibits), the other Transaction
Documents and all other certificates, documents, agreements and deliveries
in connection contemplated hereby or thereby, supersede all prior agreements
(including without limitation that certain Term Sheet between certain of the
Parties hereto, dated August 16, 2004), arrangements, covenants, promises,
conditions, undertakings, inducements, representations, warranties and
negotiations, express or implied, oral or written, between the Parties with
respect to its subject matter and constitutes a complete and exclusive
statement of the terms of the agreement between the Parties with respect to
its subject matter. Each of the Parties hereby acknowledges that (a) none of
the Parties has relied or will rely in respect of this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby upon any document or written or oral
information previously furnished to or discovered by it or its
representatives, other than the Transaction Documents and all other
certificates, documents, agreements and deliveries contemplated


<PAGE>  27


hereby or thereby, (b) there are no covenants or agreements by or on behalf
of any Party or any of its respective Affiliates or representatives other
than those expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents, and (c) the
Parties' respective rights and obligations with respect to this Agreement
and the events giving rise thereto will be solely as set forth in the
Transaction Documents and the related documents. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, each Party hereto agrees that, except for the
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and any related
document, none of the Parties makes any other representations or warranties,
and each hereby disclaims any of the representations or warranties made by
itself or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, financial and
legal advisors or other representatives, with respect to the execution and
delivery of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby,
notwithstanding the delivery or disclosure to the other or the other's
representatives of any documentation or other information (other than the
Transaction Documents) with respect to any one or more of the foregoing.

      8.5   Amendments
            ----------

      This Agreement may not be amended except by a written agreement
executed by the Parties hereto.

      8.6   Binding Agreement; Assignments
            ------------------------------

      This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and
permitted assigns. This Agreement, and the rights, interests and obligations
hereunder, shall not be assigned by any Warrantor without the prior written
consent of the Seller (in the case of an assignment by Warrantor) or Buyer
without the prior written consent of Seller (in the case of an assignment by
Buyer) (which consents may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of
the Person whose consent is required).

      8.7   Severability
            ------------

      If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal
or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all
other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain
in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the
transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner adverse to
any Party in any material respect. Upon such determination that any term or
other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the
Parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as
to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in a
mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated
hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent
possible.


<PAGE>  28


      8.8   Clause Headings, Construction
            -----------------------------

      The headings of Clauses in this Agreement are provided for convenience
only and shall not affect its construction or interpretation. All references
to "Article," "Clause" or "Clauses" refer to the corresponding Article,
Clause or Clauses of this Agreement. All words used in this Agreement shall
be construed to be of such gender or number as the circumstances require.
Unless otherwise expressly provided, the word "including" does not limit the
preceding words or terms.

      8.9   Dispute Resolution
            ------------------

      Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement
(other than injunctive relief, including, without limitation, specific
performance), or the negotiation or breach thereof, shall be settled using
the following procedure prior to either Party pursuing other available
remedies:

            (a)   Negotiation. A meeting shall be held promptly (in no event
      more than fourteen (14) days after either Seller or Buyer has notified
      the other in writing that it considers that a dispute has arisen)
      between the CEO of Seller and the CEO of Buyer's Secure Mobile
      Solutions Group, to attempt in good faith to negotiate a resolution of
      the dispute (the "Negotiation").

            (b)   Mediation. If, within fifteen (15) days after such
      meeting, the Parties have not succeeded in negotiating a resolution of
      the dispute, they will jointly appoint a mutually acceptable neutral
      person not affiliated with either of the Parties (the "Neutral"),
      seeking assistance in such regard from the Singapore Mediation Centre
      if they have been unable to agree upon such appointment within thirty
      (30) days from the initial meeting under Clause 8.9(a). The fees of
      the Neutral shall be shared equally by the Parties, one half by Buyer
      and one half by the Seller. In consultation with the Neutral, the
      Parties will select or devise a mediation procedure ("Mediation") by
      which they will attempt to resolve the dispute, and a time and place
      for the Mediation to be held, with the neutral making the decision as
      to the procedure, and/or place and time (but not later than twenty
      (20) days after selection of the Neutral), if the Parties have been
      unable to agree on any such matters within fifteen (15) days after
      initial consultation with the Neutral. The Parties agree to
      participate in good faith in the Mediation to its conclusion as
      designated by the Neutral, but in no event shall this obligation
      extend for more than sixty (60) days after selection of the Neutral,
      after which the Parties shall be entitled to seek all remedies
      available to them hereunder, at law, in equity or otherwise.

            (c)   Arbitration. If the Parties are not successful in
      resolving the dispute through the Negotiation or the Mediation within
      90 days after the initial notice pursuant to Clause 8.9(a), any
      controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement
      (other than injunctive relief, including, without limitation, specific
      performance), or the negotiation or breach thereof, shall be subject
      to final and binding arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the
      Singapore International Arbitration Centre ("SIAC Rules") for the time
      being in force which SIAC Rules are deemed to be


<PAGE>  29


      incorporated by reference to this Agreement, and judgment upon the
      award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court having
      jurisdiction thereof. The language to be used in the arbitration
      proceedings shall be English. The provisions of this Clause 6.9 shall
      not be deemed to preclude any Party hereto from seeking preliminary
      injunctive or other equitable relief to protect or enforce its rights
      hereunder, or to prohibit any court from making preliminary findings
      of fact in connection with granting or denying such preliminary
      injunctive relief pending arbitration, or to preclude any Party hereto
      from seeking permanent injunctive or other equitable relief after and
      in accordance with the decision of the arbitrators.

      8.10  Governing Law
            -------------

      This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with,
the laws of Singapore.

      8.11  Counterparts
            ------------

      This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed to be an original of this Agreement and all of which,
when taken together, shall be deemed to constitute one and the same
agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this
Agreement by facsimile shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart of this Agreement.

      8.12  Time of Essence
            ---------------

      Time is of the essence in this Agreement.

      8.13  No Third Party Beneficiaries
            ----------------------------

      This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the Parties hereto and their
permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or
shall confer upon any other Person any legal or equitable benefit, claim,
cause of action, remedy or right of any kind. The Parties further agree that
the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act (Chapter 53B) is hereby
expressly excluded.

      8.14  No Strict Construction
            ----------------------

      The language used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language
chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent. Each provision hereof
has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of
the parties, and there shall be no construction against any Party based on
any presumption of that Party's involvement in the drafting thereof.

                          [Signature Page Follows]


<PAGE>  30


      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to
be executed the day and year first written above.


                                       PARLEX ASIA PACIFIC LTD


                                       By: /s/ Peter J. Murphy
                                           -------------------------------
                                           Name:  Peter J. Murphy
                                           Title: Director


                                       PARLEX CORPORATION


                                       By: /s/ Peter J. Murphy
                                           -------------------------------
                                           Name:  Peter J. Murphy
                                           Title: Chief Executive Officer


                                       INFINEON TECHNOLOGIES ASIA PACIFIC
                                       PTE LTD


                                       By: /s/ Loh Kin Wah
                                           -------------------------------
                                           Name:  Mr. Loh Kin Wah
                                           Title: President and Managing
                                                  Director


                                       By: /s/ Klaus Gohlke
                                           -------------------------------
                                           Name:  Dr. Klaus Gohlke
                                           Title: Vice President, AP
                                                  Corporate Finance and
                                                  Company Director


<PAGE>  31


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>parl7-103.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>

                                                                Exhibit 10.3

                              LICENSE AGREEMENT

      This License Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into as of 22nd
day of December, 2004, by and between Parlex Corporation, a Massachusetts
corporation ("Parlex") and Infineon Technologies Asia Pacific Pte Ltd
(Company Registration Number: 197000667M), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of Singapore and having its registered office at
168, Kallang Way, Singapore ("Infineon").


                                  RECITALS
                                  --------

      WHEREAS, Parlex has designed, developed and patented certain Existing
Technology (as defined below) to manufacture certain Products (as defined
below) and wishes to transfer to Infineon a license and right to use and
practice such Existing Technology on the terms and conditions as provided
for herein; and

      WHEREAS, Infineon desires to acquire such Existing Technology with
such right to use and practice such Existing Technology for the purposes and
on the terms and conditions as provided for herein.

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants
herein set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which the parties hereby acknowledge, the parties hereto
agree as follows:

Section 1. DEFINITIONS
- ---------  -----------

      "Affiliate" means a Person that directly, or indirectly through one or
more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by or under common control
with a Party under this Agreement, where "control" means the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct the management and policies of
a company whether through the ownership of voting securities or otherwise.

      "Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory
paragraph, and shall also include any and all exhibits or schedules attached
hereto.

      "Assignee" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.1 hereof.

      "Closing" shall bear the same meaning as ascribed to it in the Stock
Transfer Agreement.

      "Documentation" shall mean the Existing Technology and Improvements in
any recorded form (such as on paper or other data carriers) as listed in
Exhibit A, attached hereto or to be attached from time to time.

      "Effective Date" shall mean the date of this Agreement.


<PAGE>


      "Exclusive Field of Use" shall mean the use of the Products for smart
card applications and identification cards according to the ISO standards
that are listed in Exhibit B that is attached hereto and incorporated herein
by reference.

      "Exclusive License" shall mean the exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-
transferable and worldwide license and right to use the Existing Technology
in the Exclusive Field of Use.

      "Existing Technology" shall mean all technical information and know-
how relating to the PALFlex technology in existence and being used by Parlex
and/or any Parlex Affiliate on the Effective Date ("PALFlex II") (IP)
suitable solely for the fabrication of SMARTCard Modules, FCOS(TM) Modules,
ID tags and security and identification applications including engineering
and manufacturing documents and drawings, written procedures, processes,
prints and process sheets currently being used by Parlex and/or any Parlex
Affiliate in the manufacture, use and sale of the Products. Process sequence
according to the intellectual property is described in the Attachment A
(Parlex SMARTCard Process Sequence) as at the Effective Date.

      "Improvements" shall mean any enhancement or update to the Existing
Technology.

      "License Fee" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1 hereof.

      "Long Stop Date" means 31 March 2005.

      "Modified Products" shall mean Products, which are modified or
improved by Infineon to comply with customer requirements or to otherwise
increase their functionality and/or marketability, regardless of whether
such modifications or improvements are based on the Existing Technology
and/or Improvements.

      "HoldCo" shall mean a company established in Hong Kong, which is the
sole investor in NewCo and in which Parlex and Infineon will be the
shareholders according to the Stock Transfer Agreement.

      "NewCo" shall mean the wholly foreign owned enterprise based in
Shanghai, PRC, to which Parlex, or its Affiliate, shall spin-off its Smart
Card substrate manufacturing business.

      "New Technology" shall mean any and all technical information and
know-how developed by Parlex and relating to the Existing Technology, which
results in any substantial changes to the manufacturing process of
Infineon's Products, including engineering and manufacturing documents and
drawings, written procedures, processes, prints and process sheets.


<PAGE>  2


      "Non-Exclusive Field of Use" shall mean the use of the Products in
security and identification application but shall not include the Exclusive
Field of Use.

      "Non-Exclusive License" shall mean the non-exclusive, non-
sublicensable, non-transferable and worldwide License and right to use the
Existing Technology in the Non-Exclusive Field of Use.

      "Parlex" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory
paragraph.

      "Parlex Intellectual Property" shall mean Patents and Existing
Technology.

      "Parlex's Rights" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1
hereof.

      "Patents" shall mean all patents, patent applications, utility models,
mask works and design patents, as well as divisions, reissues,
continuations, renewals and extensions of any of the foregoing and
applications therefore which relate to the Existing Technology and which are
referenced on the attached Exhibit C.

      "Person" means any individual, corporation (including any non-profit
corporation), partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, estate,
trust, association, organization, labor union or other entity.

      "Products" shall mean products incorporating FCOS(TM) substrate and
flip chip module substrate material.

      "Stock Transfer Agreement" shall mean that certain Stock Transfer
Agreement, of even date herewith, by and among, Parlex, Parlex Asia Pacific
Ltd. and Infineon.

      "Updated Documentation" shall mean the Improvements in recorded form
(such as on paper or on other data carriers).

Section 2. GRANT OF LICENSE
- ---------  ----------------

      2.1 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Parlex
hereby grants to Infineon and its Affiliates, commencing on the Effective
Date, an Exclusive License during the term of this Agreement and in the
Exclusive Field of Use to:

      2.1.1 develop and use Improvements;

      2.1.2 design and develop Products and Modified Products;

      2.1.3 to manufacture and/or test Products and/or Modified Products;

      2.1.4 to manufacture and/or test Products and/or Modified Products
            and/or parts thereof with third parties;


<PAGE>  3


      2.1.5 to use Products and/or Modified Products for internal purposes;
            and/or

      2.1.6 to market, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of Products and/or
            Modified Products and/or parts thereof.

      2.2. It is agreed that the Exclusive License granted to Infineon and
its Affiliates shall extend to and include any Improvements that are
developed or acquired by Parlex and not developed at the request of Infineon
during the term of this Agreement. Infineon shall reimburse Parlex for all
time and material costs incurred by Parlex for the technology transfer of
such Improvements. It is further agreed that all such reimbursement to
Parlex by Infineon hereunder shall be at cost only and that Parlex shall
provide all documentation as may be reasonably requested by Infineon to
verify such amount(s) to be reimbursed to Parlex.

      2.3 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Section
2.1, Parlex hereby grants to Infineon and its Affiliates, commencing on the
Effective Date, a Non-Exclusive License during the term of this Agreement
and in the Non-Exclusive Field of Use to:

      2.3.1 develop and use Improvements;

      2.3.2 design and develop Products and Modified Products;

      2.3.3 to manufacture and/or test Products and/or Modified Products;

      2.3.4 to manufacture and/or test Products and/or Modified Products
            and/or parts thereof with third parties;

      2.3.5 to use Products and/or Modified Products for internal purposes;
            and/or

      2.3.6 to market, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of Products and/or
            Modified Products and/or parts thereof.

      2.4 It is agreed that the Non-Exclusive License granted to Infineon
and its Affiliates shall extend to and include the Improvements that are
developed or acquired by Parlex and not developed at the request of Infineon
during the term of this Agreement. Infineon shall reimburse Parlex for all
time and material costs incurred by Parlex for the technology transfer of
such Improvements. It is further agreed that all such reimbursement to
Parlex by Infineon hereunder shall be at cost only and that Parlex shall
provide all documentation as may be reasonably requested by Infineon to
verify such amount(s) to be reimbursed to Parlex.

      2.5 The parties further agree that in the event that any New
Technology is developed or acquired by Parlex which would be relevant to the
business of Infineon, then and in that event only, Infineon shall have the
option to purchase a License from Parlex in respect of such New Technology
on such terms which are no less favourable


<PAGE>  4


than the material terms granted to any other party in respect of such New
Technology and such terms shall be agreed upon during a negotiation in good
faith on an arm's length basis. The parties acknowledge that they shall
negotiate in good faith but there shall be no obligation that Parlex accept
terms and conditions that are more favorable than previously agreed to by
Parlex with other entities.

      2.6 In addition to the rights and licenses granted in this Section 2,
Parlex hereby grants to Infineon for the term of this Agreement, the non-
transferable right and license to copy and/or modify and/or translate the
Documentation and/or any Updated Documentation and/or parts thereof for the
sole purpose of Infineon executing the rights granted under this Agreement.

      2.7 Infineon shall act as an independent contractor. Neither Infineon
nor its employees are in any sense employees of Parlex and Infineon and its
employees are not authorized to commit any acts that might be construed as
acts of Parlex. Infineon shall have no authority to bind Parlex in any
respect. It is agreed and understood that Infineon and its employees are not
employees of Parlex under the meaning or application of any federal or state
unemployment insurance law, or the social security law, tax law or any
workmen's compensation law that relate to employer/employee relationships.
Infineon hereby agrees to assume all liabilities or obligations imposed by
or incurred as a result of anyone or more of the above-enumerated laws with
respect to its employees and their performance under this Agreement.

Section 3. TRANSFER OF TECHNOLOGY AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE
- ---------  -----------------------------------------------

      3.1 Upon Infineon's reasonable request made during the term of this
Agreement, Parlex shall give or shall cause to be given to Infineon such
technical assistance after the date hereof as Infineon and its employees may
reasonably require in connection with the transfer of Existing Technology
provided in the preceding paragraph and to enable Infineon to fully utilize
the Existing Technology to manufacture and sell Products as heretofore
manufactured and sold by Parlex or any Parlex Affiliate and to provide
services as heretofore provided by Parlex or any Parlex Affiliate. The term
"technical assistance" as used herein shall refer solely to consultation
provided either by telephone or facsimile and there is no obligation,
expressed or implied, that Parlex will be expected to travel or visit for or
at the request of Infineon. However, if Parlex agrees to send personnel
anywhere for or at the request of Infineon, then all expenses, including but
not limited to, travel, lodging and meals, shall be paid for by Infineon.

Section 4. TECHNOLOGY OWNERSHIP
- ---------  --------------------

      4.1 Infineon acknowledges and agrees that Parlex is the sole and
exclusive owner of all right, title and interest, including all business or
technical information proprietary to Parlex, in the Existing Technology,
Documentation and all trademarks, copyrights, patents, trade names, trade
secrets and other intellectual property rights, in and to the Parlex
Intellectual Property and Improvements ("Parlex's Rights").


<PAGE>  5


      4.2 Infineon understands and acknowledges that the rights granted
under this Agreement do not constitute a license to use the Existing
Technology and manufacture the Products for any reason or purpose other than
as specified herein.

      4.3 If Infineon becomes aware that a third party is infringing upon
the Existing Technology and/or Improvements licensed under this Agreement,
it shall so inform Parlex who shall decide whether litigation or another
proceeding or neither shall be commenced to enforce its rights to the
Technology and/or induce third parties to obtain licenses to such
Technology. The cost of any such litigation shall be borne solely by Parlex.
Parlex shall have the right to control the litigation and selection of
counsel. Infineon shall reasonably assist Parlex in such litigation at its
own reasonable cost. Parlex shall have sole authority for settling or
compromising such litigation in its sole discretion. Any recovery by way of
damages from a court or other proceeding or other settlement shall be for
Parlex's account. However, Infineon will be reimbursed for any costs
incurred in its assistance to Parlex.

      4.4 Should Parlex decide not to pursue litigation or another
proceeding as to the Existing Technology and/or Improvements against a third
party, but Infineon wishes to pursue action against such third party, Parlex
hereby gives its assent to such action by Infineon, at Infineon's sole
expense. Infineon shall have the right to control the litigation and
selection of counsel. Parlex shall reasonably assist Infineon at its own
reasonable cost. Licensee shall have sole authority for settling or
compromising such litigation in its sole discretion, but with prior written
notice to Parlex of its intended settlement or compromise. Any recovery by
way of damages from a court or other proceeding or other settlement shall be
for Infineon's account. To the extent required or desirable, Parlex hereby
agrees to join in any such court action or other proceeding as a party.

Section 5. CONSIDERATION
- ---------  -------------

      5.1   In consideration of the rights and licenses granted to Infineon
by Parlex under this Agreement, Infineon shall pay Parlex a one time license
fee of Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars (US$500,000.00)(the
"License Fee").

      5.2   The Parties acknowledge and agree that the License Fee set forth
in Section 5.1 is the only payment to be made by Infineon for the rights and
licenses granted under this Agreement and after such payment is effected,
the licenses herein shall be considered fully paid-up and Parlex
acknowledges that once it receives payment of the License Fee, it will have
received full and sufficient consideration from Infineon for the rights and
licenses granted under this Agreement.

Section 6. WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS
- ---------  ------------------------------

      6.1 Parlex undertakes to transfer the Existing Technology and any
Improvements completely and with the promptitude as contemplated in this
Agreement to Infineon. Parlex undertakes to use all reasonable efforts at
its own cost to correct any and all errors found in the Documentation and/or
Updated Documentation without undue delay upon


<PAGE>  6


receipt of a written notice by Infineon specifying the error and to
thereafter promptly provide Infineon with the rectified version of such
deficient part of the Documentation and/or Updated Documentation. It is
agreed that the procedure set out in this Section 6.1 shall apply
accordingly whenever any Documentation and/or Updated Documentation and/or
part thereof is found by Infineon to have been incomplete or erroneous.

      6.2 Infineon warrants and represents that it will in good faith
provide Parlex with all information relating to any Improvement made to the
manufacturing equipment, raw materials, processes or any other aspect of the
Existing Technology.

      6.3 Infineon and Parlex warrant and represent to each other that
neither the execution, delivery nor performance of this Agreement will, with
or without the giving of notice or the passage of time, or both, conflict
with, result in a default, right to accelerate or loss of rights under, or
result in the creation of any lien, charge or encumbrance pursuant to, any
provision of either party's Articles of Organization or Bylaws or any
regulation or any order, judgment or decree to which either is a party or by
which it may be bound or affected. Both parties have the full power and
authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the transactions
contemplated thereby, all proceedings required to be taken by them to
authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and all
other agreements relating hereto or contemplated hereby have been properly
taken and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation.

      6.4 Parlex warrants and represents to Infineon that there is no claim,
legal action, suit, arbitration, governmental investigation or other legal
or administrative proceeding, nor any order, decree or judgment in progress,
pending or in effect, or to its knowledge threatened, against or relating to
Parlex and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and Parlex does
not know or has no reason to be aware of any basis for the same.

      6.5 Parlex warrants and represents that it is the sole owner of the
right, title and interest in the Existing Technology and that it has full
right to grant the rights set forth in this Agreement. Parlex also warrants
and represents that there are no outstanding agreements, assignments or
encumbrances inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement. Parlex
further warrants and represents that it has not received any notice that the
use of the Existing Technology as furnished by it hereunder infringes any
intellectual property rights of a third party.

      6.6 Subject to Section 6.4, Parlex makes no other representations or
warranties, express or implied nor does it assume any liability in respect
of any infringement of any patents or other rights of third parties due to
Infineon's operation under the rights granted herein.

      6.7 Except for the limited representations made by Parlex herein, all
Existing Technology and Documentation provided by Parlex is accepted by
Infineon "as is". Parlex makes no warranties, express or implied, with
respect to the quality, performance,


<PAGE>  7


merchantability, non-infringement or fitness for a particular purpose except
as otherwise expressly stated herein.

Section 7.  COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE
- ---------   -----------------------

      7.1 As further consideration for Parlex's agreement to license the
Existing Technology under the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
Infineon agrees for the duration of this Agreement and for a period of two
(2) years after the termination of this Agreement for whatever reason, not
to use the Existing Technology in any business other than the Exclusive and
Non-Exclusive Field of Use.

      7.2 Infineon agrees and acknowledges Parlex will suffer irreparable
injury and damage and cannot be reasonably or adequately compensated in
monetary damages for the loss by Parlex of its benefits or rights under this
Agreement as a result of a breach, default or violation by Infineon of its
obligations under this Clause 7. Accordingly, Parlex shall be entitled, in
addition to all other remedies which may be available to it (including
monetary damages), to injunctive and other available equitable relief in any
court of competent jurisdiction to prevent or otherwise restrain or
terminate any actual or threatened breach, default or violation by Infineon
of this Clause 7 or to enforce this Clause 7.

      7.3 It is acknowledged further by Infineon that this provision is
restrictive but is necessary to induce Parlex to enter into this Agreement.

Section 8. INDEMNIFICATION
- ---------  ---------------

      8.1 In the event of a claim or suit against Infineon and its
Affiliates based upon the allegation that the Parlex Intellectual Property
and/or Improvement infringes any patent, copyright, mask work, trademark,
trade secret, or other property right, Parlex agrees to defend, indemnify
and hold harmless Infineon, its Affiliates and its customers, at Parlex's
expense, from and against any loss, liability, costs, damages, expenses
(including the reasonable fees of lawyers and other professionals) resulting
from and relating to such claim or suit, including costs and damages finally
awarded in any such suit.

      8.2 Infineon shall notify Parlex promptly in writing of the claim or
suit and at Parlex's request and at its expense shall give Parlex control of
the defense of such claim or suit and all requested reasonable assistance to
defend the same. If the use of the Parlex Intellectual Property and/or
Improvement by Infineon and its Affiliates according to Section 8.1 is
enjoined as a result of such suit, Parlex, at Infineon's option and at no
expense to Infineon, shall either procure to Infineon and its Affiliates the
right to continue using the Parlex Intellectual Property and/or Improvement,
or shall modify the Parlex Intellectual Property and/or Improvement to make
it non-infringing, while complying with a comparable functionality and
compatibility.


<PAGE>  8


      8.3 The provisions of this section do not extend to any suit based
upon an infringement or alleged infringement of any patent, copyright, trade
secret, mask work, trademark or other property right by: (i) any
modification of the Parlex Intellectual Property not made by Parlex; (ii)
the use or misuse of the Parlex Intellectual Property in combination with
other equipment, technology or other materials not provided by PARLEX,
provided that such claim may not have occurred but for such combination or
modification; or (iii) Infineon's failure to notify Parlex of, or assistance
in the defense of, any claim as required by Section 8.2 hereof.

      8.4 In the event of a claim or suit against Parlex based upon
allegations: (a) that the Parlex Intellectual Property, when combined with
any other process not supplied by Parlex, infringes any patent, copyright,
mask work, trademark, trade secret, or other property right, (b) that the
Parlex Intellectual Property was used in a manner for which it was expressly
restricted, (c) relating to the gross negligence of Infineon, or (d)
relating to a settlement or compromise incurred or made by Infineon without
Parlex's prior written consent, Infineon agrees to defend, indemnify and
hold harmless Parlex, and its customers, at Infineon's expense, from and
against any loss, liability, costs, damages, expenses (including the
reasonable fees of lawyers and other professionals) resulting from and
relating to such claim or suit, including costs and damages finally awarded
in any such suit.

      8.5 EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN AND EXCEPT FOR
INTENTIONAL OR WILLFUL BREACHES OF SECTION 2 ("GRANT OF LICENSE") AND
SECTION 9 ("CONFIDENTIALITY") IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR
(i) ANY INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS,
RESULTING FROM, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
PERFORMANCE OR BREACH THEREOF, OR (ii) COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS, TECHNOLOGY, OR SERVICES EVEN IF A PARTY SHALL HAVE BEEN ADVISED AS TO
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Section 9. CONFIDENTIALITY
- ---------  ---------------

      9.1 Infineon hereby covenants and agrees to keep and cause to be kept
secret and confidential all business and technical information (whether
written or oral) including the Existing Technology ("Confidential
Information") and will not divulge, publish or use any such Confidential
Information to any person or persons, firms or corporations, nor use the
same for its or their own benefit. Infineon will, and will cause its
employees to (a) keep all Confidential Information in confidence, (b) not to
use the Confidential Information for any purpose other than for the purpose
of performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.
Without limiting the foregoing, Infineon agrees to employ with regard to
such Confidential Information procedures no less restrictive than the
strictest procedures used by Infineon to protect its own confidential
information, and in no case less than a reasonable degree of care under the
circumstances. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Infineon shall be entitled to
disclose any Confidential


<PAGE>  9


Information to any Affiliate as long as Infineon's Affiliate agrees in
writing to be bound by the confidentiality provisions set forth in this
Section 9.

      9.2 The term Confidential Information shall not include any
information which is:

      *     already in the possession of Infineon and its Affiliates without
            breach of obligation of confidence under this Agreement;
      *     now, or hereafter becomes, publicly available without breach of
            this Agreement;
      *     rightfully received from third parties without obligation of
            confidence;
      *     independently developed by Infineon and/or its Affiliates
            without use or reference to the Confidential Information.

      9.3 Infineon's obligations with respect to the Confidential
Information as specified in Article 9.1 shall not apply to any disclosure
which is in response to a valid order of a court or a due inquiry of other
governmental body of any country or group of countries or any political
subdivision thereof, provided, that Infineon shall have notified Parlex
immediately upon learning of any such order and has given Parlex a
reasonable opportunity and cooperated with Parlex to contest or limit the
scope of such required disclosure including a protective order, or otherwise
required by law.

      9.4 Infineon has or will require all of its employees and consultants
who have access to any of the Confidential Information to execute agreements
similar in content to Section 9 and will exercise its best efforts to obtain
compliance therewith.

      9.5 Infineon shall use reasonable efforts to promptly notify Parlex of
any known unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information,
and will use reasonable efforts to cooperate with Parlex in any litigation
brought by Parlex against third parties to protect its property rights.

Section 10. TERM
- ----------  ----

      10.1 This Agreement shall be in full force and effect commencing on
the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect in
perpetuity, unless sooner terminated as follows:

      (a)   This Agreement shall terminate on the date of such written
confirmation issued by Infineon to Parlex stating the receipt by Infineon of
a full refund of the License Fee from Parlex in accordance with the
provisions of Section 2.3 of the Stock Transfer Agreement; or

      (b)   This Agreement shall immediately terminate upon the filing by or
against Infineon, of a petition for bankruptcy or any arrangement for the
benefit of creditors, or a petition for reorganization, or if Infineon makes
an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or if a receiver (permanent or
temporary) of Infineon's property or any party thereof, is appointed by a
court of competent authority or upon dissolution of Infineon; or


<PAGE>  10


      (c)   This Agreement shall immediately terminate in the event that
either party defaults in the performance of any material term, condition or
obligation hereunder, and such default is not remedied to the non-defaulting
party's reasonable satisfaction within thirty (30) days after written
receipt by the defaulting party of written notice specifying the nature of
such default and requiring the remedy of the same.

      10.2 Upon termination of this Agreement by Parlex pursuant to Section
10.1(c), all rights and licenses granted to Infineon under this Agreement
shall immediately cease and terminate. Thereafter, Infineon will promptly
return all copies of the Existing Technology to Parlex, or destroy all
copies in its possession. Parlex has and reserves all rights and remedies
that it has by operation of law or otherwise to enjoin the unlawful or
unauthorized use of the Existing Technology.

      10.3 Upon termination of this Agreement by Infineon pursuant to
Section 10.1(a) and (b), Infineon shall have the right to continue to
exercise the rights and licenses beyond termination for a period of seven
(7) years.

      10.4 All engineering and manufacturing documents, processes, written
procedures, print and process sheets, trademarks, trade names, patents,
designs, drawings, formulas or other data, photographs, samples, literature
and sales aids of every kind shall remain the property of Parlex. Within
thirty (30) days after termination of this Agreement according to Section
10.2, Infineon shall prepare all such items in its possession for shipment
as Parlex may direct, at Parlex's expense. Infineon shall not make or retain
any copies of any confidential items or information which may have been
entrusted to it.

      10.5 The provisions of Sections 4, 7, 8 and 9 shall survive the
termination of this Agreement for any reason. Additionally, the provisions
of Section 2 shall survive termination of this Agreement if terminated
according to Section 10.3. All other rights and obligations of the parties
shall cease upon termination of this Agreement.

Section 11. DISPUTE RESOLUTION/GOVERNING LAW
- ----------  --------------------------------

      11.1  Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this
Agreement (other than injunctive relief, including, without limitation,
specific performance), or the negotiation or breach thereof ("Dispute"),
shall be settled using the following procedure prior to either party
pursuing other available remedies:

      (a)   Negotiation. A meeting shall be held promptly (in no event more
than fourteen (14) days after either Parlex or Infineon has notified the
other in writing that it considers that a dispute has arisen) between the
parties, attended by individuals with decision-making authority regarding
the dispute, to attempt in good faith to negotiate a resolution of the
dispute (the "Negotiation").


<PAGE>  11


      (b)   Mediation. If, within fifteen (15) days after such meeting, the
parties have not succeeded in negotiating a resolution of the dispute, they
will jointly appoint a mutually acceptable neutral person not affiliated
with either of the parties (the "Neutral"), seeking assistance in such
regard from the Singapore Mediation Centre if they have been unable to agree
upon such appointment within thirty (30) days from the initial meeting under
Section 11.1(a). The fees of the Neutral shall be shared equally by the
parties, one half by Parlex and one half by Infineon. In consultation with
the Neutral, the parties will select or devise a mediation procedure
("Mediation") by which they will attempt to resolve the dispute, and a time
and place for the Mediation to be held, with the neutral making the decision
as to the procedure, and/or place and time (but not later than twenty (20)
days after selection of the Neutral), if the parties have been unable to
agree on any such matters within fifteen (15) days after initial
consultation with the Neutral. The parties agree to participate in good
faith in the Mediation to its conclusion as designated by the Neutral, but
in no event shall this obligation extend for more than sixty (60) days after
selection of the Neutral, after which the parties shall be entitled to seek
all remedies available to them hereunder, at law, in equity or otherwise.

      (c)   Arbitration. If the parties are not successful in resolving the
dispute through the Negotiation or the Mediation within 90 days after the
initial notice pursuant to Section 11.1(a), any controversy or claim arising
out of or relating to this Agreement (other than injunctive relief,
including, without limitation, specific performance), or the negotiation or
breach thereof, shall be subject to final and binding arbitration in
accordance with the rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre
, and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in
any court having jurisdiction thereof. The provisions of this Section 11.1
shall not be deemed to preclude any party hereto from seeking preliminary
injunctive or other equitable relief to protect or enforce its rights
hereunder, or to prohibit any court from making preliminary findings of fact
in connection with granting or denying such preliminary injunctive relief
pending arbitration, or to preclude any party hereto from seeking permanent
injunctive or other equitable relief after and in accordance with the
decision of the arbitrators.

      11.2 This Agreement, executed in duplicate, shall be interpreted in
accordance with and its performance shall be governed by the laws of
Singapore.

Section l2. BINDING EFFECT, SEVERABILITY AND NOTICES
- ----------  ----------------------------------------

      12.1. The terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to
the benefit of and shall be enforceable by the executors, administrators,
successors, assigns and transferees of the parties hereto. In case any term
of this Agreement shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in whole
or in part, neither the validity of the remaining part of such term nor the
validity of any other term of this Agreement shall in any way be affected
thereby.

      12.2. This Agreement constitutes the full and complete understanding
and agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof,
supersedes all prior understandings and agreements, both oral and written as
to the subject matter of this


<PAGE>  12


Agreement, and cannot be amended, changed, modified, or terminated without
the consent in writing of both parties hereto.

      12.3  Notices hereunder shall be effective if in writing and shall be
deemed to have been given at the earliest of the date when actually
delivered to an individual party or to an officer of a corporate party by
personal delivery on the succeeding business day when deposited with a
nationally recognized overnight courier service, or five days after
deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, registered or
certified, return receipt requested, and addressed, in the case of Infineon,
to:

            Infineon Technologies Asia Pacific Pte Ltd
            168, Kallang Way, Singapore
            Attn:Dawn Seah Yee Hui

            and in the case of Parlex, to:

            Parlex Corporation
            One Parlex Place
            Methuen, MA 01844
            Attn.: Peter Murphy, President and CEO

Any party may change the address to which notices are to be addressed by
giving the other parties notice in the manner herein set forth.

Section l3. NON-WAIVER
- ----------  ----------

      13.1 The failure of Parlex or Infineon, at any time or from time to
time, to enforce or require the strict keeping and performance of any of the
terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not constitute nor be construed
to be a waiver of such terms or conditions in any way. The exercise by
Parlex or Infineon of any right arising thereunder shall not preclude nor
prejudice it from thereafter exercising the same or any other right nor
shall the waiver of any breach of the Agreement prevent a subsequent
enforcement of such term or obligation or be deemed to be a waiver of a
subsequent breach.

Section l4. ASSIGNABILITY
- ----------  -------------

      14.1 Neither party hereto shall, during the term of this Agreement,
assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of this Agreement or its interests,
rights and obligations in or under this Agreement, in whole or in part,
without the prior written approval of the other party hereto, except that
(a) the Parties may assign this Agreement to any Affiliate, and (b) the
Parties may freely assign this Agreement in connection with the sale or
disposition of all or substantially all of its assets or any other change of
control of each Party provided that it is a condition precedent that such
assignee shall agree to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement and (c)
Infineon shall have the right to assign this Agreement to HoldCo and/or
NewCo (the "Assignees").


<PAGE>  13


      14.2 The Parties agree that in the case Infineon assigns this
Agreement to the Assignees or any Assignee according to Section 14.1, the
following terms and conditions shall be amended:

      14.2.1 The first paragraph of Section 2.2 shall be replaced by the
following:

      "It is agreed that the Exclusive License granted to the Assignee and
its Affiliates shall extend to and include any Improvements that are
developed or acquired by Parlex and not developed at the request of the
Assignee for so long as Parlex or its Affiliates remains a shareholder of
the Assignee."

      14.2.2 The first paragraph of Section 2.4 shall be replaced by the
following:

      "It is agreed that the Non-Exclusive License granted to Assignee and
its Affiliates shall extend to and include the Improvements that are
developed or acquired by Parlex and not developed at the request of Assignee
for so long as Parlex or its Affiliates remains a shareholder of Assignee."

      14.2.3 The following shall be added to this Agreement as Section 2.8:

      "In the event that Parlex or its Affiliates are no longer a
shareholder of Assignee, any rights previously granted to Assignee under
this Agreement relative to the Improvements shall remain in force and
effect. However, in the event that Parlex develops any future Improvements,
the parties agree to negotiate in good faith on a case-by-case basis the
commercial terms and conditions under which Parlex shall license the future
Improvements to Assignee."

      14.2.4 Section 4.1 shall be replaced by the following:

      "Assignee acknowledges and agrees that Parlex is the sole and
exclusive owner of all right, title and interest, including all business or
technical information proprietary to Parlex, in the Existing Technology,
Documentation and all Trademarks, copyrights, patents, trade names, trade
secrets and other intellectual property rights, in and to the Parlex
Intellectual Property and Improvements and all products or information
derived from Assignee's use of the Existing Technology ("Parlex's Rights").

      14.2.5 The last sentence of Section 9.1 shall be replaced by the
following:

      "Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Parlex or any Parlex
Affiliate ceases to be a shareholder in the Assignee, Assignee shall be
entitled to disclose any Confidential Information to any Assignee Affiliate
as long as Assignee's Affiliate agrees in writing to be bound by the
confidentiality provisions set forth in this Section 9"

      14.2.6  The first sentence of Section 10.2 shall be modified by adding
              the following to the end of such sentence:


<PAGE>  14


            ", except that Assignee shall be entitled to complete those
      customer orders with respect to Products and/or Modified Products that
      Assignee has received and confirmed prior to the date of termination"

      14.2.7  Section 18 shall be modified by adding a new Section 18.2:

      "18.2   Upon Parlex's request, this Agreement shall be registered by
              the Assignee with the appropriate governmental authorities in
              the People's Republic of China."


Section l5. LANGUAGE
- ----------  --------

      15.1 This Agreement is in the English language, and is to be governed
and interpreted in the English language, and is executed in duplicate
originals, one duplicate to be retained by each party hereto.

Section 16. AMENDMENT
- ----------  ---------

      16.1 This Agreement may be amended, modified, superseded or cancelled
and any of the terms, covenants, representations, warranties or conditions
hereof may be waived, only by a written instrument executed by the parties
hereto or, in the case of a waiver, by or on behalf of the party waiving
compliance.

Section 17. HEADINGS
- ----------  --------

      17.1 Any headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only
and shall not constitute a part hereof for any purpose whatsoever.

Section 18. EXPORT CONTROLS
- ----------  ---------------

      18.1 Infineon agrees to comply with all United States' export
regulations in connection with this Agreement. In this regard, Infineon may
not export or re-export the Existing Technology or any portion thereof
without the prior written consent of Parlex and without the appropriate
United States and foreign government licenses. Neither the Existing
Technology nor any technical data contained therein or produced thereby, nor
any portion thereof may be exported or re-exported (i) into (or to a
national or resident of) Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Sudan, Syria,
or any other country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or
(ii) to anyone on the United States Treasury Department's list of Specially
Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders.
Infineon hereby represents and warrants that it is not located in, under the
control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such
list. Each of Parlex and Infineon further agrees to indemnify and hold
harmless the other party and its officers, directors, shareholders,
employees, agents and representatives against any and all costs,
liabilities, damages, losses or expenses (including, without limitation,
attorneys' fees) arising from, or relating to any established knowing or
intentional


<PAGE>  15


violation by such party of any of the applicable laws and administrative
regulations of the United States of America or other foreign governmental
agencies relating to the control of exports of commodities and technical
data provided that the aggregate liability of Infineon hereunder shall not
exceed the sum of US$500,000. This Section shall survive the expiration or
termination of this Agreement for any reason.


                          [Signature Page Follows]


<PAGE>  16


      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement by
their duly authorized officers or representatives as of the day and year
first above written.


                                  PARLEX CORPORATION


                                  By: /s/ Peter J. Murphy
                                      --------------------------
                                      Peter J. Murphy
                                      Chief Executive Officer


                                  Infineon Technologies Asia Pacific Pte Ltd

                                  By: /s/ Loh Kin Wah
                                      --------------------------
                                      Name: Mr. Loh Kin Wah
                                      Title: President and Managing Director

                                  By: /s/ Klaus Gohlke
                                      --------------------------
                                      Name: Dr. Klaus Gohlke
                                      Title: Vice President, AP Corporate
                                      Finance and Company Director


<PAGE>  17


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>parl7-991.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1-PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>

                                                                Exhibit 99.1

Parlex and Infineon to Form Joint Venture Company

METHUEN, Mass., Dec. 28, 2004--Parlex Corporation (PRLX), a world leader in
the design and manufacture of flexible interconnects and Infineon
Technologies AG (FSE/NYSE:IFX) a world leader in semiconductor solutions,
have agreed to establish a joint venture company to manufacture and sell
advanced technology substrates for secure mobile electronic identification
products. The joint venture will be headquartered in Hong Kong with
manufacturing facilities in China.

Under the terms of the agreement, Parlex will have a 51% equity share with
Infineon holding the remaining share. Infineon will pay Parlex $3 million
and Parlex will contribute equipment and technology. Parlex Shanghai Circuit
Company will also provide certain additional services which will be paid for
by the joint venture. In addition to supplying substrates for the Infineon
"Flip Chip on Substrate (FCOS)" program, the joint venture will offer its
products to customers worldwide. It is anticipated that this new entity will
be operational in April 2005.

Peter J. Murphy, President and CEO of Parlex commented: "Combining resources
with the recognized market and technology leader for electronic
identification products allows us to rapidly introduce a variety of new
technologies developed specifically to serve this expanding customer
segment. With Infineon as our partner, we are increasing our presence in the
smartcard arena while we remain confident that we have the technology to
become the world's leading smartcard substrate provider."

About Parlex Corporation

Parlex Corporation is a world leader in the design and manufacture of
flexible interconnect products. Parlex produces custom flexible circuits and
laminated cables utilizing proprietary processes and patented technologies,
which are designed to satisfy the unique requirements of a wide range of
customers. Its manufacturing facilities are located in the United States,
China, Mexico and the United Kingdom. For further information, please visit
Parlex on the web at http://www.parlex.com.

About Infineon

Infineon Technologies AG, Munich, Germany, offers semiconductor and system
solutions for the automotive and industrial sectors, for applications in the
wired communications markets, secure mobile solutions as well as memory
products. With a global presence, Infineon operates in the US from San Jose,
CA, in the Asia-Pacific region from Singapore and in Japan from Tokyo. In
fiscal year 2004 (ending September), the company achieved sales of Euro 7.19
billion with about 35,600 employees worldwide. Infineon is listed on the DAX
index of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and on the New York Stock Exchange
(ticker symbol: IFX). Further information is available at www.infineon.com.

The foregoing contains certain forward-looking statements. The Company's
actual results of operations may differ significantly from those
contemplated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various
factors beyond its control, including economic conditions in the electronics
industry, particularly in the principal industry sectors served by the
Company, changes in customer requirements and in the volume of sales to
principal customers, competition and technological change. For a detailed
discussion of these and other cautionary statements, please refer to
Parlex's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.


<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
