

                                                                   Exhibit 3.1


                             ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT
                                      of
                         THE ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
                                      of
                              GUIDANT CORPORATION
                            setting forth terms of
                    SERIES A PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK



                              ___________________


         Pursuant to the Indiana Business Corporation Law (the "IBCL"),
Guidant Corporation, an Indiana corporation (the "Corporation"), in accordance
with the provisions of Section 23-1-25-2 of the IBCL, does hereby certify:


                                  Article I.

         The name of the corporation filing these Articles of Amendment is
Guidant Corporation.


                                  Article II.

         Article 4(c) of the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation, as
amended, is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows:

         (c) A total of 1,000,000 shares of the 50,000,000 shares of
authorized Preferred Stock are designated as "Series A Participating Preferred
Stock" (the "Series A Participating Preferred Stock"), which shall possess the
rights, preferences, qualifications, limitations and restrictions set forth
below:

                  (1) Dividends and Distributions.

                  (i) Subject to the prior and superior rights of the holders
of any shares of any series of Preferred Stock ranking prior and superior to
the shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock with respect to
dividends, the holders of shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of
Directors out of funds legally available for the purpose, quarterly dividends
payable in cash on the first day of April, July, October and January in each
year (each such date being referred to herein as a "Quarterly Dividend Payment
Date"), commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after the
first issuance of a share or fraction of a share of Series A Participating
Preferred Stock, in an amount per share (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to
the greater of (a) $0.05 or (b) subject to the provision for adjustment

<PAGE>

hereinafter set forth, 1000 times the aggregate per share amount of all cash
dividends, and 1000 times the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of
all non-cash dividends or other distributions other than a dividend payable in
shares of Common Stock or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock (by reclassification or otherwise), declared on the Common Stock,
without par value, of the Corporation (the "Common Stock") since the
immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, or, with respect to the
first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of any share
or fraction of a share of Series A Participating Preferred Stock. In the event
the Corporation shall at any time after December 12, 2004 (the "Rights
Declaration Date") (i) declare any dividend on Common Stock payable in shares
of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common Stock, or (iii) combine
the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each
such case the amount to which holders of shares of Series A Participating
Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event under clause (b)
of the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a
fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the
number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to
such event.

                  (ii) The Corporation shall declare a dividend or
distribution on the Series A Participating Preferred Stock as provided in
Article 4(c)(1)(i) above immediately after it declares a dividend or
distribution on the Common Stock (other than a dividend payable in shares of
Common Stock); provided that, in the event no dividend or distribution shall
have been declared on the Common Stock during the period between any Quarterly
Dividend Payment Date and the next subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date,
a dividend of $0.05 per share on the Series A Participating Preferred Stock
shall nevertheless be payable on such subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment
Date.

                  (iii) Dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on
outstanding shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock from the
Quarterly Dividend Payment Date next preceding the date of issue of such
shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock, unless the date of issue of
such shares is prior to the record date for the first Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date, in which case dividends on such shares shall begin to accrue
from the date of issue of such shares, or unless the date of issue is a
Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or is a date after the record date for the
determination of holders of shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock
entitled to receive a quarterly dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date, in either of which events such dividends shall begin to accrue
and be cumulative from such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. Accrued but
unpaid dividends shall not bear interest. Dividends paid on the shares of
Series A Participating Preferred Stock in an amount less than the total amount
of such dividends at the time accrued and payable on such shares shall be
allocated pro rata on a share by share basis among all such shares at the time
outstanding. The Board of Directors may fix a record date for the
determination of holders of shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock
entitled to receive payment of a dividend or distribution declared thereon,
which record date shall be no more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for
the payment thereof.

                  (2) Voting Rights. The holders of shares of Series A
Participating Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights:

                                    - 2 -

<PAGE>

                  (i) Subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set
forth, each share of Series A Participating Preferred Stock shall entitle the
holder thereof to 1000 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the
shareholders of the Corporation. In the event the Corporation shall at any
time after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Common
Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common
Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of
shares, then in each such case the number of votes per share to which holders
of shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock were entitled immediately
prior to such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such number by a fraction
the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of
shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

                  (ii) Except as otherwise provided herein or by law, the
holders of shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock and the holders of
shares of Common Stock shall vote together as one class on all matters
submitted to a vote of shareholders of the Corporation.

                  (iii) a. If at any time dividends on any Series A
Participating Preferred Stock shall be in arrears in an amount equal to six
(6) quarterly dividends thereon, the occurrence of such contingency shall mark
the beginning of a period (herein called a "default period") which shall
extend until such time when all accrued and unpaid dividends for all previous
quarterly dividend periods and for the current quarterly dividend period on
all shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock then outstanding shall
have been declared and paid or set apart for payment. During each default
period, all holders of Preferred Stock (including holders of the Series A
Participating Preferred Stock) with dividends in arrears in an amount equal to
six (6) quarterly dividends thereon, voting as a class, irrespective of
series, shall have the right to elect two (2) directors.

                  b. During any default period, such voting right of the
holders of Series A Participating Preferred Stock may be exercised initially
at a special meeting called pursuant to subparagraph c. of this Article
4(c)(2)(iii) or at any annual meeting of shareholders, and thereafter at
annual meetings of shareholders, provided that such voting right shall not be
exercised unless the holders of ten percent (10%) in number of shares of
Preferred Stock outstanding shall be present in person or by proxy. The
absence of a quorum of the holders of Common Stock shall not affect the
exercise by the holders of Preferred Stock of such voting right. At any
meeting at which the holders of Preferred Stock shall exercise such voting
right initially during an existing default period, they shall have the right,
voting as a class, to elect directors to fill such vacancies, if any, in the
Board of Directors as may then exist up to two (2) directors or, if such right
is exercised at an annual meeting, to elect two (2) directors. If the number
which may be so elected at any special meeting does not amount to the required
number, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall have the right to make such
increase in the number of directors as shall be necessary to permit the
election by them of the required number. After the holders of the Preferred
Stock shall have exercised their right to elect directors in any default
period and during the continuance of such period, the number of directors
shall not be increased or decreased except by vote of the holders of Preferred
Stock as herein provided or pursuant to the rights of any equity securities
ranking senior to or pari passu with the Series A Participating Preferred
Stock.

                                    - 3 -

<PAGE>


                  c. Unless the holders of Preferred Stock shall, during an
existing default period, have previously exercised their right to elect
directors, the Board of Directors may order, or any shareholder or
shareholders owning in the aggregate not less than ten percent (10%) of the
total number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding, irrespective of series,
may request, the calling of a special meeting of the holders of Preferred
Stock, which meeting shall thereupon be called by the Chief Executive Officer,
the President, a Vice President or the Secretary of the Corporation. Notice of
such meeting and of any annual meeting at which holders of Preferred Stock are
entitled to vote pursuant to this Article 4(c)(2)(iii)c. shall be given to
each holder of record of Preferred Stock by mailing a copy of such notice to
him at his last address as the same appears on the books of the Corporation.
Such meeting shall be called for a time not earlier than 20 days and not later
than 60 days after such order or request or in default of the calling of such
meeting within 60 days after such order or request, such meeting may be called
on similar notice by any shareholder or shareholders owning in the aggregate
not less than ten percent (10%) of the total number of shares of Preferred
Stock outstanding. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article
4(c)(2)(iii)c., no such special meeting shall be called during the period
within 60 days immediately preceding the date fixed for the next annual
meeting of the shareholders.

                  d. In any default period, the holders of Common Stock, and
other classes of stock of the Corporation if applicable, shall continue to be
entitled to elect the whole number of directors until the holders of Preferred
Stock shall have exercised their right to elect two (2) directors voting as a
class, after the exercise of which right (x) the directors so elected by the
holders of Preferred Stock shall be elected to one of the three classes of
directors of the Corporation so that the three classes shall be as equal in
number as may be feasible and shall continue in office until the expiration of
the term of the class to which he or she is elected and his or her successors
shall have been elected by such holders or until the expiration of the default
period, and (y) any vacancy in the Board of Directors may (except as provided
in Article 4(c)(2)(iii)b.) be filled by vote of a majority of the remaining
directors theretofore elected by the holders of the class of stock which
elected the director whose office shall have become vacant. References in this
Article 4(c)(2)(iii) to directors elected by the holders of a particular class
of stock shall include directors elected by such directors to fill vacancies
as provided in clause (y) of the foregoing sentence.

                  e. Immediately upon the expiration of a default period, (x)
the right of the holders of Preferred Stock as a class to elect directors
shall cease, (y) the term of any directors elected by the holders of Preferred
Stock as a class shall terminate, and (z) the number of directors shall be
such number as may be provided for in the articles of incorporation or by-laws
irrespective of any increase made pursuant to the provisions of Article
4(c)(2)(iii)b. (such number being subject, however, to change thereafter in
any manner provided by law or in the articles of incorporation or by-laws).
Any vacancies in the Board of Directors effected by the provisions of clauses
(y) and (z) in the preceding sentence may be filled by a majority of the
remaining directors.

                  (iv) Except as set forth herein, holders of Series A
Participating Preferred Stock shall have no special voting rights and their
consent shall not be required (except to the extent they are entitled to vote
with holders of Common Stock as set forth herein) for taking any corporate
action.

                                     - 4 -

<PAGE>

                  (3) Certain Restrictions.

                  (i) Whenever quarterly dividends or other dividends or
distributions payable on the Series A Participating Preferred Stock as
provided in Article 4(c)(1) are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued
and unpaid dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, on shares of
Series A Participating Preferred Stock outstanding shall have been paid in
full, the Corporation shall not

                  a. declare or pay dividends on, make any other distributions
on, or redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of
stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up) to the Series A Participating Preferred Stock;

                  b. declare or pay dividends on or make any other
distributions on any shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A
Participating Preferred Stock, except dividends paid ratably on the Series A
Participating Preferred Stock and all such parity stock on which dividends are
payable or in arrears in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders
of all such shares are then entitled;

                  c. redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration
shares of any stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Participating
Preferred Stock, provided that the Corporation may at any time redeem,
purchase or otherwise acquire shares of any such parity stock in exchange for
shares of any stock of the Corporation ranking junior (either as to dividends
or upon dissolution, liquidation or winding up) to the Series A Participating
Preferred Stock; or

                  d. purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any
shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock, or any shares of stock
ranking on a parity with the Series A Participating Preferred Stock, except in
accordance with a purchase offer made in writing or by publication (as
determined by the Board of Directors) to all holders of such shares upon such
terms as the Board of Directors, after consideration of the respective annual
dividend rates and other relative rights and preferences of the respective
series and classes, shall determine in good faith will result in fair and
equitable treatment among the respective series or classes.

                  (ii) The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of the
Corporation to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of
stock of the Corporation unless the Corporation could, under Article
4(c)(3)(i), purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in such
manner.

                  (4) Reacquired Shares. Any shares of Series A Participating
Preferred Stock purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any
manner whatsoever shall be retired and cancelled promptly after the
acquisition thereof. All such shares shall upon their cancellation become
authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock and may be reissued as part
of a new series of Preferred Stock to be created by resolution or resolutions
of the Board of Directors, subject to the conditions and restrictions on
issuance set forth herein.

                                    - 5 -

<PAGE>


                  (5) Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up. (i) Upon any
liquidation (voluntary or otherwise), dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, no distribution shall be made to the holders of shares of stock
ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up) to the Series A Participating Preferred Stock unless, prior
thereto, the holders of shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock shall
have received an amount equal to $1,000 per share of Series A Participating
Preferred Stock, plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and
distributions thereon, whether or not declared, to the date of such payment
(the "Series A Liquidation Preference"). Following the payment of the full
amount of the Series A Liquidation Preference, no additional distributions
shall be made to the holders of shares of Series A Participating Preferred
Stock unless, prior thereto, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall have
received an amount per share (the "Common Adjustment") equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) the Series A Liquidation Preference by (y) 1000 (as
appropriately adjusted as set forth in subparagraph (iii) below to reflect
such events as stock splits, stock dividends and recapitalizations with
respect to the Common Stock) (such number in clause (y), the "Adjustment
Number"). Following the payment of the full amount of the Series A Liquidation
Preference and the Common Adjustment in respect of all outstanding shares of
Series A Participating Preferred Stock and Common Stock, respectively, holders
of Series A Participating Preferred Stock and holders of shares of Common
Stock shall receive their ratable and proportionate share of the remaining
assets to be distributed in the ratio of the Adjustment Number to 1 with
respect to such Preferred Stock and Common Stock, on a per share basis,
respectively.

                  (ii) In the event, however, that there are not sufficient
assets available to permit payment in full of the Series A Liquidation
Preference and the liquidation preferences of all other series of preferred
stock, if any, which rank on a parity with the Series A Participating
Preferred Stock, then such remaining assets shall be distributed ratably to
the holders of such parity shares in proportion to their respective
liquidation preferences. In the event, however, that there are not sufficient
assets available to permit payment in full of the Common Adjustment, then such
remaining assets shall be distributed ratably to the holders of Common Stock.

                  (iii) In the event the Corporation shall at any time after
the Rights Declaration Date (x) declare any dividend on Common Stock payable
in shares of Common Stock, (y) subdivide the outstanding Common Stock, or (z)
combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in
each such case the Adjustment Number in effect immediately prior to such event
shall be adjusted by multiplying such Adjustment Number by a fraction the
numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of
shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

                  (6) Consolidation, Merger, etc. In case the Corporation
shall enter into any consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction
in which the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other
stock or securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case the
shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock shall at the same time be
similarly exchanged or changed in an amount per share (subject to the
provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth) equal to 1000 times the
aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash and/or any other property (payable
in kind), as the case may be, into which or for which each share of Common
Stock is changed or exchanged. In the event the Corporation shall at any time

                                     - 6 -

<PAGE>

after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Common Stock
payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common
Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of
shares, then in each such case the amount set forth in the preceding sentence
with respect to the exchange or change of shares of Series A Participating
Preferred Stock shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the
numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of
shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

                  (7) No Redemption. The shares of Series A Participating
Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable.

                  (8) Ranking. The Series A Participating Preferred Stock
shall rank junior to all other series of the Corporation's Preferred Stock as
to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets, unless the terms
of any such series shall provide otherwise.

                  (9) Amendment. At any time when any shares of Series A
Participating Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Articles of Incorporation
of the Corporation shall not be amended in any manner which would materially
alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series A
Participating Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely without the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority or more of the outstanding
shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock, voting separately as a
class.

                  (10) Fractional Shares. Series A Participating Preferred
Stock may be issued in fractions of a share which shall entitle the holder, in
proportion to such holder's fractional shares, to exercise voting rights,
receive dividends, participate in distributions and to have the benefit of all
other rights of holders of Series A Participating Preferred Stock.


                                 Article III.

                  These Articles of Amendment were duly authorized and adopted
by the Board of Directors of the Corporation at a meeting duly called and held
on December 15, 2004. Pursuant to Article 4(b) of the Articles of
Incorporation of the Corporation and Section 23-1-25-2 and Section 23-1-38-2
of the IBCL, no action by the Corporation's shareholders was required.

                                    - 7 -

<PAGE>


                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, these Articles of Amendment are executed
on behalf of the Corporation by its duly authorized officers this 17th day of
December, 2004.


                                              GUIDANT CORPORATION


                                              By: /s/ Keith E. Brauer
                                                  --------------------------


Attest:


By:  /s/ David P. Scharf
     ---------------------





                                    - 8 -

