-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 SNPZdoscqSZwEb+QruZDqPBvwBpp0lrROkk6wFazq6prVvA7S/6gPMrTeMdzAhNl
 Sve73APUHGYOTaN6mZW/Bw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950123-04-015186.txt : 20041223
<SEC-HEADER>0000950123-04-015186.hdr.sgml : 20041223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041223154211
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950123-04-015186
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041221
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001069899
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL INORGANIC CHEMICALS [2810]
		IRS NUMBER:				131840497
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-64641
		FILM NUMBER:		041224246

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE PARKER PLZ
		CITY:			FORT LEE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2019446020

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE PARKET PLZ
		CITY:			FORT LEE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07024

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PHILIPP BROTHERS CHEMICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980908
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>y04136e8vk.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH CORP.
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 Current Report


     Pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

       Date of report (date of earliest event reported): December 21, 2004

                        Phibro Animal Health Corporation
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

New York                                   333-64641         13-1840497
(State or other jurisdiction of    (Commission File Number)  (IRS Employer
incorporation)                                               Identification No.)


                               65 CHALLENGER ROAD
                        RIDGEFIELD PARK, NEW JERSEY 07660
               (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

                                 (201) 329-7300
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

      Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17
CFR 230.425)

[  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12)

[  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
<PAGE>
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

      The information set forth in Item 2.03 is incorporated in this Item 1.01
by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

      On December 21, 2003, Phibro Animal Health Corporation (the "Company")
completed a private offering of $22.5 million of additional units consisting of
$18,207,000 13% Senior Secured Notes Due 2007 of the Company (the U.S. Notes)
and $4,284,000 13% Senior Secured Notes Due 2007 (the "Dutch Notes" and together
with the U.S. Notes, the "Additional Notes") of Philipp Brothers Netherlands III
B.V., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the "Dutch Issuer" and
together with the Company, the "Issuers"). The Additional Notes were issued
under the Indenture dated October 21, 2003, as amended and supplemented (the
"Indenture") under which the Issuers previously issued 105,000 units, consisting
of $85 million aggregate principal amount of U.S. Notes and $20 million
aggregate principal amount of Dutch Notes. The additional units and the
Additional Notes were issued in a private offering pursuant to Rule 144A and
Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities
Act"), with Jefferies & Company, Inc. acting as initial purchaser (the "Initial
Purchaser").

      The proceeds from the sale of the additional units will be used to
refinance a portion of the Company's indebtedness under its domestic senior
credit facility with Wells Fargo Foothill, Inc. ("WFF").

      In connection with the private offering of Additional Units, the Company
entered into the following agreements (i) a Purchase Agreement, dated as of
December 9, 2004, with the Initial Purchaser, (ii) a Registration Rights
Agreement, dated December 21, 2004, with the Initial Purchaser, under which the
Company has agreed to prepare and file an exchange offer registration statement
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to exchange the Additional
Units for registered, publicly tradeable units that have substantially identical
terms as the Additional Units, (iii) Amendment Number Four to Loan and Security
Agreement and Consent, dated as of December 20, 2004 with WFF, and (iv)
Amendment Number One to the Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of December 20,
2004 with WFF.

      A copy of the Purchase Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.37, a
copy of the Registration Rights Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.38, a
copy of Amendment Number Four to Loan and Security Agreement and Consent as
attached hereto as Exhibit 10.31.4 and a copy of Amendment Number One to the
Intercreditor Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.32.1.

      In addition, effective upon the completion of the private offering of the
Additional Notes, the amendments to the Indenture to be effected by the Second
Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 8, 2004 (the "Second Supplemental
Indenture"), to the Indenture became effective.
<PAGE>
      The above descriptions of the Purchase Agreement, the Registration Rights
Agreement, Amendment Number Four to Loan and Security Agreement and Amendment
Number One to Intercreditor Agreement are not complete and are qualified in
their entirety by the full text of such documents which are attached as exhibits
to this Report and are incorporated herein by reference.

      Nothing in this Report shall constitute an offer to purchase or sell, or a
solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell, any securities of the Company or
the Dutch Issuer.

      This Report includes statements that constitute forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the
Exchange Act. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements
about the Company's beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements.
These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking
statements include information concerning possible or assumed future results of
operations of the Company and its affiliates. These statements may relate to,
but are not limited to, information and assumptions about capital and other
expenditures, dividends, financing plans, capital structure, cash flow, pending
legal and regulatory proceedings and claims, including environmental matters,
future economic performance, operating income, cost savings, management's plans,
goals and objectives for future operations and growth. These forward-looking
statements generally are accompanied by words such as "may," "could," "would,"
"should," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "plan," "estimate," "target,"
"project," "intend," or similar expressions. These statements include, among
others, statements regarding the Company's expected business outlook,
anticipated financial and operating results, the Company's business strategy and
objectives. It should be understood that these forward-looking statements are
necessarily estimates reflecting the best judgment of the Company's senior
management, not guarantees of future performance. They are subject to a number
of assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking
statements. Important assumptions relating to the forward-looking statements
include, among others, assumptions regarding demand for the Company's products,
the expansion of product offerings geographically or through new applications,
the timing and cost of planned capital expenditures, competitive conditions and
general economic conditions. These assumptions could prove inaccurate.
Forward-looking statements also involve risks and uncertainties, which could
cause actual results that differ materially from those contained in any
forward-looking statement. Many of these factors are beyond the Company's
ability to control or predict. Such factors include, but are not limited to, the
following: the Company's substantial leverage and potential inability to service
its debt; the Company's dependence on distributions from its subsidiaries; risks
associated with the Company's international operations and significant foreign
assets; the Company's dependence on its Israeli operations; competition in each
of the Company's markets; potential environmental liability; potential
legislation affecting the use of medicated feed additives; extensive regulation
by numerous government authorities in the United States and other countries; the
Company's reliance on the continued operation and sufficiency of its
manufacturing facilities; the Company's reliance upon unpatented trade secrets;
the risks of legal proceedings and general litigation expenses; potential
operating hazards and uninsured risks; the risk of work stoppages; the Company's
dependence on key personnel; and other factors discussed in the Company's
filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
<PAGE>
      Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements, which
speak only as of the date of this Report.

      All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to
the Company or any person acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their
entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Report
and any other cautionary statements that may accompany such forward-looking
statements. The Company does not undertake any obligation to release publicly
any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances after the date of this document or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events, unless the securities laws require the Company to do so.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(c)   Exhibits

Exhibit No.       Description

4.2.2             Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 8, 2004
                  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2.2 to the Company's
                  Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2004)

10.31.4           Amendment Number Four to Loan and Security Agreement and
                  Consent dated as of December 20, 2004

10.32.1           Amendment Number One to Intercreditor Agreement dated as of
                  December 20, 2004.

10.37             Purchase Agreement dated December 9, 2004

10.38             Registration Rights Agreement dated December 21, 2004
<PAGE>
                                   SIGNATURES

      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH CORPORATION



Dated: December 23, 2004        By:   /s/ Jack C. Bendheim
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                      Jack C. Bendheim
                                      Chairman of the Board and President
<PAGE>
                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No.       Description

4.2.2             Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 8, 2004
                  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2.2 to the Company's
                  Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2004)

10.31.4           Amendment Number Four to Loan and Security Agreement and
                  Consent dated as of December 20, 2004

10.32.1           Amendment Number One to Intercreditor Agreement dated as of
                  December 20, 2004.

10.37             Purchase Agreement dated December 9, 2004

10.38             Registration Rights Agreement dated December 21, 2004



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.31.4
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>y04136exv10w31w4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO.4 TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                 Exhibit 10.31.4

        AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT AND CONSENT

         THIS AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT AND CONSENT
(this "Amendment"), dated as of December 20, 2004, is entered into by and among
PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH CORPORATION, a New York corporation ("Parent"), PHIBRO
ANIMAL HEALTH U.S., INC., a Delaware corporation ("PAHUS"), PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH
HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation ("Holdings"), PRINCE AGRIPRODUCTS, INC.,
a Delaware corporation ("Prince"), PHIBRO-TECH, INC. ("PTI"; together with
Parent, PAHUS, and Holdings, the "Borrowers"), the lenders from time to time
party to the Loan and Security Agreement referenced below (each a "Lender" and
collectively, the "Lenders"), WELLS FARGO FOOTHILL, INC., a California
corporation, as the arranger and administrative agent for the Lenders ("Agent";
and together with the Lenders, collectively the "Lender Group"), in light of the
following:

                               W I T N E S S E T H

         WHEREAS, Borrowers and the Lender Group are parties to that certain
Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2003 (as amended, restated,
supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Loan Agreement");
and

         WHEREAS, Borrowers have advised the Lender Group that (a) Parent and
Philipp Brothers Netherlands III B.V. ("Foreign Issuer") desire to issue 22,491
Units under its New Indenture, as amended to the date hereof, to refinance
certain Indebtedness under the Loan Agreement, (b) Parent and Phibro Animal
Health SA (a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Foreign Issuer, "Phibro Belgium")
desire to sell substantially all of its facilities in Rixensart, Belgium and
enter into related transactions described in and upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in the Second Supplemental Indenture (defined below)
(the "Proposed Belgium Disposition"), and (c) PTI desires to sell its real
property in Wilmington, Illinois substantially upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the purchase agreement attached hereto as Exhibit C (the
"Proposed Wilmington Disposition");

         WHEREAS, Borrowers have requested certain amendments to the Loan
Agreement, and

         WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions herein, Agent and Lenders
have agreed to consent to the Proposed Belgium Disposition and the Proposed
Wilmington Disposition and to amend the Loan Agreement as set forth herein.

         NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree to amend the
Loan Agreement as follows:

1.       DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Loan Agreement, as
amended hereby.

2.       AMENDMENT TO LOAN AGREEMENT.

<PAGE>

         (a) Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the
definitions of "EBITDA", "Indenture Reserve", "Indenture Securities", and
"Permitted Investments" and replacing them with the following definitions,
respectively:

                  ""EBITDA" means, with respect to any fiscal period,
         consolidated net earnings (or loss), minus extraordinary gains,
         interest income, and intercompany allocations plus interest expense,
         income taxes, depreciation and amortization for such period, charges
         which are both nonrecurring and noncash charges for such period,
         charges and expenses related to unsuccessful acquisitions and related
         financings in an aggregate amount not to exceed $5,300,000 for the
         period beginning January 1, 2004 and ending June 30, 2004, charges and
         expenses related to the Proposed Belgium Disposition in an aggregate
         amount not to exceed $26,800,000 for the period beginning December 31,
         2004 and ending June 30, 2006 and solely for the purposes of
         calculating the financial covenant contained in Section 7.18(ii), as
         determined in accordance with GAAP."

                  ""Indenture Reserve" means a reserve established and
         maintained by Agent in an amount or amounts equal to (a) during the 30
         day period preceding the date on which a scheduled payment of interest
         is due on the Indenture Securities, the aggregate amount of such
         interest, (b) during the 30 day period preceding the date on which a
         scheduled payment of interest is due on the Existing Notes, the
         aggregate amount of such interest, and (c) during the 30 day period
         preceding the date on which a scheduled payment of interest is due on
         the Supplemental Indenture Securities, the aggregate amount of such
         interest.

                  ""Indenture Securities" means (a) the 105,000 Units issued by
         the Parent and the Foreign Issuer pursuant to the New Indenture,
         consisting of $85,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 13.0% Senior
         Secured Notes due 2007 issued by the Parent (the "New Domestic Notes")
         and $20,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 13.0% Senior Secured
         Notes due 2007 issued by the Foreign Issuer (the "New Foreign Notes";
         and together with the New Domestic Notes, the "New Notes") and (b) any
         units or notes, as the case may be, that may be issued by the Parent or
         the Foreign Issuer pursuant to the New Indenture in exchange therefor."

                  ""Permitted Investments" means (a) Investments in cash and
         Cash Equivalents, (b) Investments in negotiable instruments for
         collection, (c) advances made in connection with purchases of goods or
         services in the ordinary course of business, (d) Investments received
         in settlement of amounts due to a Borrower or any Subsidiary of a
         Borrower effected in the ordinary course of business or owing to a
         Borrower or any Subsidiary of a Borrower as a result of Insolvency
         Proceedings involving an Account Debtor or upon the foreclosure or
         enforcement of any Lien in favor of a Borrower or any Subsidiary of a
         Borrower, (e) loans or advances to employees in the ordinary course of
         business in an amount not to exceed $200,000 per individual and
         $500,000 in the aggregate, (f) an Investment the sole consideration for
         which consists of, or is made with the proceeds of, the substantially
         concurrent sale of, or equity contribution with respect to, capital
         stock of the Parent, (g) Hedge Agreements entered into in the ordinary
         course of

<PAGE>

         the business of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries, (h) notes,
         obligations, and other securities received in connection with Permitted
         Dispositions, (i) Investments by any Non-Obligor; (j) Investments
         comprising the PMC Sale Transactions, (k) other Investments made during
         the period from January 1, 2004, through June 30, 2004 in an aggregate
         amount not to exceed $336,000; and (l) Investments in Subsidiaries of
         Parent in connection with the Proposed Belgium Disposition in an amount
         not to exceed the fair market value of all equipment located at the
         plant owned by Phibro Belgium in Rixensart, Belgium, plus $15,000,000
         so long as (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
         continuing or would result therefrom, (ii) Borrowers have Excess
         Availability of at least $1,000,000 after giving effect to the making
         of such Investment, provided that if the Investment is made during a
         period when the Indenture Reserve is in place, there will be no such
         Excess Availability condition, and (iii) Borrowers have delivered a
         business plan regarding such Investment to Agent no less than 30 days
         prior to the initial making of such Investment."

                  (b) Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by
         adding the following definitions in alphabetical order:

                  ""Proposed Belgium Disposition" has the meaning as defined in
         "Belgium Plant Sale and Virginiamycin Production Transactions" set
         forth in the Second Supplemental Indenture."

                  ""New Notes" has the meaning set forth in the definition of
         Indenture Securities."

                  ""Second Supplemental Indenture" means that certain Second
         Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 8, 2004 among Parent,
         Foreign Issuer, Parent's Subsidiaries that are signatories thereto, and
         the Indenture Collateral Agent."

                  ""Supplemental Indenture Securities" means (a) 22,491 Units
         issued by the Parent and the Foreign Issuer pursuant to the New
         Indenture and the Second Supplemental Indenture, consisting of
         $18,207,000 aggregate principal amount of 13.0% Senior Secured Notes
         due 2007 issued by the Parent (the "Supplemental New Domestic Notes")
         and $4,284,000 aggregate principal amount of 13.0% Senior Secured Notes
         due 2007 issued by the Foreign Issuer (the "Supplemental New Foreign
         Notes"; and together with the Supplemental New Domestic Notes, the
         "Supplemental New Notes") and (b) any units or notes, as the case may
         be, that may be issued by the Parent or the Foreign Issuer pursuant to
         the New Indenture in exchange therefor."

                  ""Supplemental New Domestic Notes" has the meaning set forth
         in the definition of Supplemental Indenture Securities."

                  ""Supplemental New Foreign Notes" has the meaning set forth in
         the definition of Supplemental Indenture Securities."

<PAGE>

                  ""Supplemental New Notes" has the meaning set forth in the
         definition of Supplemental Indenture Securities."

         (c) Section 2.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by deleting
subsection (a) in its entirety and replacing it with the following subsection
(a):

                  "(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
         and during the term of this Agreement, each Lender with a Revolver
         Commitment agrees (severally, not jointly or jointly and severally) to
         make advances ("Advances") to Borrowers in an amount at any one time
         outstanding not to exceed such Lender's Pro Rata Share of an amount
         equal to the lesser of (i) the Maximum Revolver Amount less the sum of
         (A) the Letter of Credit Usage, (B) the Indenture Reserve, and (C) the
         Additional Indebtedness Usage, (ii) the Borrowing Base less the Letter
         of Credit Usage, or (iii) $17,500,000 less the Additional Indebtedness
         Usage; provided that solely on December 20, 2004 - December 21, 2004,
         subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and in lieu of
         the foregoing, each Lender with a Revolver Commitment agrees
         (severally, not jointly or jointly and severally) to make Advances to
         Borrowers in an amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed such
         Lender's Pro Rata Share of an amount equal to $22,500,000 less the
         Additional Indebtedness Usage."

         (d) Section 6.3(a)(i) of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by
deleting it in its entirety and replacing it with the following:

                           "(i) a company prepared consolidated and
                  consolidating balance sheet, income statement (including a
                  separate line item for expenses associated with the sale of
                  the facilities in Rixensart, Belgium), and statement of cash
                  flow covering Parent's and its Subsidiaries' operations during
                  such period,."

         (e) Section 7.7 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the
first paragraph thereof and replacing it with the following:

                  "Except in connection with a refinancing permitted by Section
         7.1(d) and except for mandatory redemptions of the Existing Notes, the
         New Notes, or the Supplemental New Notes required under the terms of
         the Existing Indenture or the New Indenture (as in effect on the date
         hereof and as modified by the Second Supplemental Indenture) as a
         result of an Indenture Change of Control or as a result of Asset Sales
         (for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not include mandatory
         prepayments on account of Excess Cash Flow),"

         (f) Section 7.13 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by deleting
"(e) Permitted Investments pursuant to clauses (e), (f), (i) and (k) of the
definition of Permitted Investments" and replacing it with the following:
<PAGE>

                  "(e) Permitted Investments pursuant to clauses (e), (f), (i),
(k) and (l) of the definition of Permitted Investments."

3.       CONSENT. Subject to the satisfaction of each of the conditions and
covenants set forth herein, the Lender Group consents to (a) the Proposed
Belgium Disposition upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
the Second Supplemental Indenture, (b) the Proposed Wilmington Disposition upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the purchase agreement
attached hereto as Exhibit C, and (c) subject to satisfaction of Section (5)(a)
hereof, the Amendment to the Indenture and the issuance of the Supplemental New
Notes upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Second
Supplemental Indenture.

4.       CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THIS AMENDMENT. The satisfaction of each of the
following shall constitute conditions precedent to the effectiveness of this
Amendment and each and every provision hereof:

         (a)      Agent shall have received this Amendment, duly executed by the
parties hereto, and the same shall be in full force and effect;

         (b)      Agent shall have received the reaffirmation and consent of
each Guarantor, attached hereto as Exhibit A, duly executed and delivered by an
authorized official of such Guarantor;

         (c)      Agent shall have received a copy of the Second Supplemental
Indenture and each of the other material agreements entered into in connection
with the issuance of the Supplemental New Domestic Notes and the Supplemental
New Foreign Notes, together with a certificate of the Secretary of Parent
certifying each such document as being a true, correct, and complete copy
thereof;

         (d)      Parent shall have provided Agent with evidence sufficient to
demonstrate that the offering of the Supplemental New Domestic Notes and the
Supplemental New Foreign Notes described in the New Indenture, as amended by the
Second Supplemental Indenture, has closed;

         (e)      Agent shall have received an amendment to the Intercreditor
Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent;

         (f)      Agent shall have received an opinion of Borrowers' and
Guarantors' counsel regarding the transactions contemplated by the offering of
the Supplemental New Domestic Notes and the Supplemental New Foreign Notes and
in form and substance satisfactory to Agent;

         (g)      Borrowers shall have paid to Agent, for the benefit of Lender
Group, a fee in the amount of $100,000, which fee shall be fully earned when
paid;

         (h)      The representations and warranties in the Loan Agreement and
the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on
and as of the date hereof, as though made on such date (except to the extent
that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date), and
except for changes permitted by the Loan Documents;

<PAGE>

         (i)      No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing on the date hereof or as of the date of the effectiveness of this
Amendment; and

         (j)      No injunction, writ, restraining order, or other order of any
nature prohibiting, directly or indirectly, the consummation of the transactions
contemplated herein shall have been issued and remain in force by any
Governmental Authority against Borrowers, Guarantors, or the Lender Group.

5. COVENANTS. Borrowers hereby covenant and agree that they will satisfy each of
the following on or before the date specified below (the failure to so satisfy
any of the following to constitute an immediate Event of Default):

         (a)      Within 1 Business Day of the date set forth in Section
2.1(a)(iii) of the Loan Agreement (as amended hereby), Parent shall have (i)
applied the proceeds from the offering of the Supplemental New Domestic Notes
and the Supplemental New Foreign Notes to the outstanding Obligations, and (ii)
delivered to Agent an updated Schedule P-1 and an updated Schedule 5.20
substantially in the forms attached hereto as Exhibit B, which schedules, upon
delivery to Agent and satisfaction of the covenant contained in the foregoing
clause (i), shall, without any further action by any party hereto, update and
replace Schedule P-1 and Schedule 5.20 respectively;

         (b)      Within 5 business days of the execution thereof, Agent shall
have received copies of the Belgium Purchase Agreement (as defined in the Second
Supplemental Indenture), which Belgium Purchase Agreement shall be substantially
on terms and conditions set forth in the Second Supplemental Indenture, together
with a certificate of the Secretary of Parent on behalf of Parent, certifying
each such document as being a true, correct, and complete copy thereof;

         (c)      Within 5 business days of the execution thereof, Borrowers
shall have delivered to Agent a copy of the executed purchase agreement (which
shall be substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C), together with
all exhibits and schedules thereto, pursuant to which the Proposed Wilmington
Disposition is to be made, certified as being true, correct, and complete by an
officer of Parent on behalf of Parent;

         (d)      Within 1 business day from the closing thereof, Agent shall
have received all cash proceeds from the Proposed Wilmington Disposition, net
only of reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses in an amount up to $200,000
paid or incurred in connection therewith in favor of any Person not an Affiliate
of any Borrower or any Guarantor, which proceeds shall be remitted to Agent and
applied in accordance with Section 2.4(b) of the Loan Agreement.

6.       GOVERNING LAW. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE
AND TO BE PERFORMED IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

7.       ENTIRE AMENDMENT; EFFECT OF AMENDMENT. This Amendment, and the terms
and provisions hereof, constitute the entire agreement among the parties
pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior or
contemporaneous amendments relating

<PAGE>

to the subject matter hereof. Except for the amendments to the Loan Agreement
expressly set forth in Section 2 hereof and the consent set forth in Section 3
hereof, the Loan Agreement and other Loan Documents shall remain unchanged and
in full force and effect. To the extent any terms or provisions of this
Amendment conflict with those of the Loan Agreement or other Loan Documents, the
terms and provisions of this Amendment shall control. This Amendment is a Loan
Document. Except as expressly set forth herein, the execution, delivery, and
performance of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of or as an
amendment of, any right, power, or remedy of the Lender Group as in effect prior
to the date hereof. The agreements set forth herein are limited to the specifics
hereof, shall not apply with respect to any facts or occurrences other than
those on which the same are based, shall not excuse future non-compliance under
the Loan Agreement, and shall not operate as a consent to any further or other
matter, under the Loan Documents.

8.       COUNTERPARTS; TELEFACSIMILE EXECUTION. This Amendment may be executed
in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one
and the same instrument and any of the parties hereto may execute this Amendment
by signing any such counterpart. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this
Amendment by telefacsimile shall be equally as effective as delivery of an
original executed counterpart of this Amendment. Any party delivering an
executed counterpart of this Amendment by telefacsimile also shall deliver an
original executed counterpart of this Amendment, but the failure to deliver an
original executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and
binding effect of this Amendment.

9.       MISCELLANEOUS.

         (a)      Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in
the Loan Agreement to "this Agreement", "hereunder", "herein", "hereof" or words
of like import referring to the Loan Agreement shall mean and refer to the Loan
Agreement as amended by this Amendment.

         (b)      Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in
the Loan Documents to the "Loan Agreement", "thereunder", "therein", "thereof"
or words of like import referring to the Loan Agreement shall mean and refer to
the Loan Agreement as amended by this Amendment.

                            [Signature page follows.]

<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be
executed and delivered as of the date first written above.

                            PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH CORPORATION,
                            a New York corporation

                            By: /s/ Jack C. Bendheim
                                ------------------------
                            Title:

                            PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH U.S., INC.,
                            a Delaware corporation

                            By: /s/ David C. Storbeck
                                -------------------------
                            Title:

                            PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH HOLDINGS, INC.,
                            a Delaware corporation

                            By: /s/ David C. Storbeck
                                -------------------------
                            Title:

                            PRINCE AGRIPRODUCTS, INC.,
                            a Delaware corporation

                            By: /s/ David C. Storbeck
                                -------------------------
                            Title:

                            PHIBRO-TECH, INC.,
                            a Delaware corporation

                            By: /s/ David C. Storbeck
                                -------------------------
                            Title:

                            WELLS FARGO FOOTHILL, INC.,
                            a California corporation, as Agent and a Lender

                            By: /s/ Vincent J. Egan,  Jr.
                                -------------------------
                            Title: Vice President

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A

                            REAFFIRMATION AND CONSENT

         All capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined herein
shall have the meanings ascribed to them in that certain AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR
TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT AND CONSENT (the "Amendment"), dated as of
December __, 2004. The undersigned each hereby (a) represents and warrants to
the Lender Group that the execution, delivery, and performance of this
Reaffirmation and Consent are within its corporate powers, have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action, and are not in contravention of
any law, rule, or regulation, or any order, judgment, decree, writ, injunction,
or award of any arbitrator, court, or governmental authority, or of the terms of
its charter or bylaws, or of any material contract or undertaking to which it is
a party or by which any of its properties may be bound or affected; (b) consents
to the execution, delivery, and performance of the Amendment; (c) acknowledges
and reaffirms its obligations owing to the Lender Group under the Loan Documents
to which it is a party; and (d) agrees that each of the Loan Documents to which
it is a party is and shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with
the terms thereof. Although the undersigned has been informed of the matters set
forth herein and has acknowledged and agreed to same, it understands that the
Lender Group has no obligations to inform it of such matters in the future or to
seek its acknowledgement or agreement to future consents or amendments, and
nothing herein shall create such a duty. Delivery of an executed counterpart of
this Reaffirmation and Consent by telefacsimile shall be equally as effective as
delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Reaffirmation and Consent.
Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Reaffirmation and Consent
by telefacsimile also shall deliver an original executed counterpart of this
Reaffirmation and Consent but the failure to deliver an original executed
counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding effect of
this Reaffirmation and Consent. This Reaffirmation and Consent shall be governed
by the laws of the State of New York.

                            [Signature page follows.]

<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Reaffirmation
and Consent Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly
authorized, as of the date first above written.

                            PHIBROCHEM, INC., a New Jersey corporation

                            By: /s/ David C. Storbeck
                                ----------------------------------
                            Name:
                                  ---------------------------------
                            Title:
                                   --------------------------------

                            WESTERN MAGNESIUM CORP., a California corporation

                            By: /s/ David C. Storbeck
                                ----------------------------------
                            Name:
                                  ---------------------------------
                            Title:
                                   --------------------------------

                            CP CHEMICALS, INC., a New Jersey corporation

                            By: /s/ David C. Storbeck
                                ----------------------------------
                            Name:
                                  ---------------------------------
                            Title:
                                   --------------------------------

                            PHIBRO CHEMICALS, INC., a New York corporation

                            By: /s/ David C. Storbeck
                                ----------------------------------
                            Name:
                                  ---------------------------------
                            Title:
                                   --------------------------------

                                      S-1

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.32.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>y04136exv10w32w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO.1 TO INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                 EXHIBIT 10.32.1

                              AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE
                  TO INTERCREDITOR AND SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT

         This AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE TO INTERCREDITOR AND SUBORDINATION (this
"Amendment") is entered into as of December 20, 2004, among WELLS FARGO
FOOTHILL, INC., a California corporation, as the arranger and administrative
agent and senior secured lender (the "Original Lender") under and pursuant to
the Original Loan Agreement, HSBC BANK USA, solely in its capacity as collateral
agent under the Indenture Loan Documents (in such capacity, together with its
successors and assigns (if any) in such capacity, the "Collateral Agent"),
PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH CORPORATION, a New York corporation (the "Parent" ) and
those certain subsidiaries of the Parent signatory hereto (the "Subsidiaries";
and, together with the Parent, the "Credit Parties"). All capitalized terms used
in this Amendment and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
assigned to them in the below-defined Intercreditor Agreement.:

         WHEREAS, the Original Lender, Collateral Agent and Credit Parties are
parties to that certain Intercreditor and Subordination Agreement (the
"Intercreditor Agreement"), dated as of October 21, 2003; and

         WHEREAS, the Original Lender, Collateral Agent and Credit Parties have
agreed to amend the Intercreditor Agreement as set forth herein.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual
covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby
agree as follows:

         1.       Amendment of the Intercreditor Agreement.

                  (a) Recital A. of the Intercreditor Agreement is hereby
amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

                  "A.      Certain of the Credit Parties, certain other foreign
                  subsidiaries (the "Foreign Indenture Obligors") of the Parent
                  (including, among others, Philipp Brothers Netherlands III
                  B.V. (the "Dutch Issuer" and, together with the Parent, the
                  "Issuers")), the Collateral Agent, and HSBC, in its capacity
                  as Trustee (in such capacity, together with its successors and
                  assigns (if any) in such capacity, the "Trustee"), have
                  entered into an Indenture, dated as of October 21, 2003, as
                  amended by that certain First Supplemental Indenture dated as
                  of June 25, 2004 and that certain Second Supplemental
                  Indenture dated as of December 8, 2004 (as amended, restated,
                  supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in
                  conformance with the provisions of this Agreement, the
                  "Indenture"), pursuant to which the Issuers have issued
                  127,491 Units (and, together with any additional units that
                  may be issued from time to time thereunder or exchanged
                  therefor or for such

<PAGE>

                  additional units, the "Units"), consisting of $103,207,000
                  aggregate principal amount of 13.0% Senior Secured Notes due
                  2007 issued by the Parent (and, together with any additional
                  notes that may be issued by the Parent from time to time
                  thereunder or exchanged therefor or for such additional notes,
                  the "U.S. Notes") and $24,284,000 aggregate principal amount
                  of 13.0% Senior Secured Notes due 2007 issued by the Dutch
                  Issuer (and, together with any additional notes that may be
                  issued by the Dutch Issuer from time to time thereunder or
                  exchanged therefor or for such additional notes, the "Dutch
                  Notes" and, together with the U.S. Notes, the "Notes"). The
                  repayment of the Indenture Secured Obligations (as hereinafter
                  defined) is secured by, among other things, security interests
                  in and liens on the assets and properties described in the
                  Domestic Collateral Agreements (as defined in the Indenture)
                  dated as of the date hereof (in each case, as amended,
                  restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
                  in conformance with the provisions of this Agreement, the
                  "Indenture Domestic Collateral Agreements" and, together with
                  the Indenture and all Control Agreements (as defined in the
                  U.S. Security Agreement (as defined in the Indenture))
                  executed and delivered in connection therewith, the "Indenture
                  Agreements"), made by certain of the Credit Parties in favor
                  of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Collateral
                  Agent, the Trustee, and the Noteholders."

                  (b)      Recital B. of the Intercreditor Agreement is hereby
amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

                           "B.      The Credit Parties and the Original Lender
                  have entered into a Loan and Security Agreement dated as of
                  October 21, 2003 (as amended, restated, supplemented or
                  otherwise modified from time to time in conformance with the
                  provisions of this Agreement, the "Original Loan Agreement")
                  and the Credit Parties and the Original Lender have entered
                  into those certain guaranties, guarantor security agreements
                  (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from
                  time to time in conformance with the provisions of this
                  Agreement, the "Security Documents") pursuant to which the
                  Original Lender agreed, upon the terms and conditions stated
                  therein, to make loans and advances to and to issue letters of
                  credit for the account of the Credit Parties up to the
                  principal amount of $40,000,000 (of which no more than
                  $22,500,000 would be available for the issuance of letters of
                  credit and no more than $17,500,000 would be available for
                  advances), together with the fees, interest, expenses and
                  other obligations due under the Original Loan Agreement. The
                  repayment of the Obligations (as that term is defined in the
                  Original Loan Agreement) is secured by first priority security
                  interests in and liens on the Collateral (as defined below)."

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

                  (c)      Section 1.03 of the Intercreditor Agreement hereby is
amended by amending and restating the defined term "Maximum Lender Priority Debt
Amount" to read as follows:

                           ""Maximum Lender Priority Debt Amount" means, as of
                  any date of determination, (a) the undrawn amount of all
                  outstanding letters of credit plus unreimbursed drawings in
                  respect thereof that are Loan Agreement Secured Obligations as
                  of such date up to, but not in excess of, $22,500,000, plus
                  (b) the principal amount of Advances (as that term is defined
                  in the Original Loan Agreement) or revolving loans under any
                  Loan Agreement as of such date up to, but not in excess of,
                  $17,500,000, plus (c) any premium, interest, fees, attorneys'
                  fees, costs, charges, expenses, indemnities, and all other
                  amounts payable under a Loan Agreement or other Lender Loan
                  Documents or in respect of the Loan Agreement Secured
                  Obligations (including, without duplication, all guaranties in
                  respect thereof), plus (d) the Bank Product Obligations not to
                  exceed the Bank Product Reserve; and including, for each
                  amount specified in clauses (a), (b), (c), and (d) all amounts
                  accruing on or after the commencement of any Insolvency
                  Proceeding relating to any Credit Party or any other Person
                  irrespective of whether a claim for all or any portion of such
                  amount is allowable or allowed in any Insolvency Proceeding."

                  (d)      Section 5.02(d) of the Intercreditor Agreement is
hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

                           "(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
                  in no event shall Indebtedness represented by any units or
                  notes issued pursuant to the Indenture, including any Units or
                  Notes (or represented by any other evidence of indebtedness
                  for borrowed money under the Units, the Notes, the Indenture
                  or the guarantees related thereto) at any time exceed an
                  aggregate principal amount equal to $127,491,000."

         2.       Choice of Law. The validity of this Amendment, its
construction, interpretation and enforcement, and the rights of the parties
hereunder, shall be determined under, governed by, and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York.

         3.       Counterparts; Telefacsimile or Electronic Mail Execution. This
Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties
and separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered, shall
be deemed an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute
one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature
page to this Amendment by telefacsimile or electronic mail shall be effective as
delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. Any party
delivering an executed counterpart of this Amendment by telefacsimile or
electronic mail

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

also shall deliver a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment but the
failure to deliver a manually executed counterpart shall not affect the
validity, enforceability, and binding effect of this Amendment.

         4.       Effect on Intercreditor Agreement.

                  (a)      The Intercreditor Agreement, as amended hereby, shall
be and remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms and hereby
is ratified and confirmed in all respects. The modifications herein are limited
to the specifics hereof, shall not apply with respect to any facts or
occurrences other than those on which the same are based, shall not excuse
future non-compliance with the Intercreditor Agreement, and shall not operate as
a consent to any further or other matter, under the Intercreditor Agreement.

                  (b)      Upon and after the effectiveness of this Amendment,
each reference in the Intercreditor Agreement to "this Agreement", "hereunder",
"herein", "hereof" or words of like import referring to the Intercreditor
Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Intercreditor Agreement as
modified hereby.

                  (c)      To the extent that any terms and conditions in the
Intercreditor Agreement shall contradict or be in conflict with any terms or
conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement, after giving effect to this
Amendment, such terms and conditions are hereby deemed modified or amended
accordingly to reflect the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement
as modified hereby.

                            [Signature page follows]

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be
executed as of the date first written above.

ORIGINAL LENDER:            WELLS FARGO FOOTHILL, INC.,
                            a California corporation,
                            as Agent and a Lender
                            under the Original Loan Agreement

                            By: /s/ Vincent J. Egan, Jr.
                                ----------------------------
                                Name: Vincent J. Egan, Jr.
                                Title: Vice President

<PAGE>

COLLATERAL                  HSBC BANK USA,
AGENT:                      solely in its capacity as Collateral Agent (and not
                            individually)
                            under the Indenture

                            By: /s/ Herawattee Alli
                               --------------------------------
                                Name: Herawattee Alli
                                Title: Assistant Vice President

<PAGE>

PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH CORPORATION, INC.,
a New York corporation

By: /s/ Jack C. Bendheim
    -----------------------------
    Name:
    Title:

PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH HOLDINGS, INC.,
a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ David C. Storbeck
    -----------------------------
Name:
      ---------------------------
Title:
      ---------------------------

PRINCE AGRIPRODUCTS, INC.,
a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ David C. Storbeck
    -----------------------------
Name:
      ---------------------------
Title:
      ---------------------------

PHIBRO-TECH, INC.,
a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ David C. Storbeck
    -----------------------------
Name:
      ---------------------------
Title:
      ---------------------------

PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH U.S., INC., a Delaware
corporation

By: /s/ David C. Storbeck
    -----------------------------
Name:
      ---------------------------
Title:
      ---------------------------

<PAGE>

PHIBROCHEM, INC.,
a New Jersey corporation

By: /s/ David C. Storbeck
    -----------------------------
Name:
      ---------------------------
Title:
      ---------------------------

WESTERN MAGNESIUM CORP.,
a California corporation

By: /s/ David C. Storbeck
    -----------------------------
Name:
      ---------------------------
Title:
      ---------------------------

CP CHEMICALS, INC.,
a New Jersey corporation

By: /s/ David C. Storbeck
    -----------------------------
Name:
      ---------------------------
Title:
      ---------------------------

PHIBRO CHEMICALS, INC.,
a New York corporation

By: /s/ David C. Storbeck
    -----------------------------
Name:
      ---------------------------
Title:
      ---------------------------

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.37
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>y04136exv10w37.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.37

                                   $22,491,000
                           [PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH LOGO]
                           22,491 UNITS CONSISTING OF

     $18,207,000 13% SENIOR SECURED NOTES DUE 2007 OF PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH
                                  CORPORATION

                                       AND

  $4,284,000 13% SENIOR SECURED NOTES DUE 2007 OF PHILIPP BROTHERS NETHERLANDS
                                    III B.V.

                               PURCHASE AGREEMENT

                                                                December 9, 2004

JEFFERIES & COMPANY, INC.
520 Madison Avenue
12th Floor
New York, NY 10022

Ladies and Gentlemen:

         Phibro Animal Health Corporation, a New York corporation (the "Company"
or the "U.S. Issuer"), Philipp Brothers Netherlands III B.V., a Dutch private
company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte
aansprakelijkheid) and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the
"Dutch Issuer" and, together with the U.S. Issuer, the "Issuers"), the Domestic
Guarantors (as defined below) (together with the U.S. Issuer, the "Domestic
Obligors") parties hereto and the Foreign Guarantors (as defined below)
(together with the Dutch Issuer, the "Foreign Obligors" and, together with the
Domestic Obligors, the "Obligors") parties hereto hereby agree (this
"Agreement") with you as follows:

         1. ISSUANCE OF UNITS. Subject to the terms and conditions herein
contained, the Issuers propose to issue and sell to Jefferies & Company, Inc.
(the "Initial Purchaser") 22,491 Units (each a "Unit" and, collectively, the
"Units"), each Unit consisting of $809.5238095 principal amount of 13% Senior
Secured Notes due 2007 issued by the Company (the "U.S. Notes") and $190.4761905
principal amount of 13% Senior Secured Notes due 2007 issued by the Dutch Issuer
(the "Dutch Notes" and, together with the U.S. Notes, the "Notes"). The Notes,
as Units, will be issued pursuant to an indenture (as supplemented by the
Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 25, 2004 the "Existing Indenture" and,
as further supplemented by the Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of
December 8, 2004 (the "Second Supplemental Indenture"), the "Indenture"), dated
as of October 21, 2003, by and among the Issuers, the Guarantors (as defined
below) parties thereto, and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as trustee (in
such capacity, the "Trustee") and as collateral agent (in such capacity, the
"Collateral Agent"). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have
the meanings set forth in the Indenture.

         The Units will be offered and sold to the Initial Purchaser pursuant to
an exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the "Act"). Upon original issuance thereof, and until such
time as the same is no longer required under the applicable requirements of the
Act, the Units and Notes shall bear the legends set forth in the final offering
circular, dated the date hereof (the "Final Offering Circular"). The Issuers
have prepared a preliminary offering circular, dated

<PAGE>

November 18, 2004 (the "Preliminary Offering Circular"), and the Final Offering
Circular relating to the offer and sale of the Units (the "Offering"). "Offering
Circular" means, as of any date or time referred to in this Agreement, the most
recent offering circular (whether the Preliminary Offering Circular or the Final
Offering Circular, and any amendment or supplement to either such document),
including, without limitation, exhibits and schedules thereto.

         In connection with the sale of the Units, the Company obtained the
requisite consents of holders of 105,000 of its existing units (the "Existing
Units") consisting of $85.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 13% Senior
Secured Notes due 2007 previously issued by the Company under the Indenture (the
"Existing U.S. Notes") and $20.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 13%
Senior Secured Notes due 2007 previously issued by the Dutch Issuer under the
Indenture (the "Existing Dutch Notes" and, together with the Existing U.S.
Notes, the "Existing Notes") to amend the Indenture to, among other things,
permit the issuance of the Units, in each case, as more fully described in that
certain Consent Solicitation Statement dated November 18, 2004 (as amended by an
Amendment and Supplement dated November 23, 2004 to Consent Solicitation
Statement and as further amended by an Amendment and Supplement dated November
30, 2004, the "Solicitation Statement") of the Company (the "Consent
Solicitation").

         2. TERMS OF OFFERING. The Initial Purchaser has advised the Issuers,
and the Issuers understand, that the Initial Purchaser will make offers to sell
(the "Exempt Resales") some or all of the Units purchased by the Initial
Purchaser hereunder on the terms set forth in the Final Offering Circular, as
amended or supplemented, to persons (the "Subsequent Purchasers") whom the
Initial Purchaser (i) reasonably believes to be "qualified institutional buyers"
as defined in Rule 144A under the Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to
time ("QIBs"), (ii) reasonably believes (based upon written representations made
by such persons to the Initial Purchaser) to be institutional "accredited
investors" ("Accredited Investors") as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or
(7) under the Act or (iii) reasonably believes to be non-U.S. persons in
reliance upon Regulation S under the Act.

         Pursuant to the Indenture, (x) all Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries of
the Company, jointly and severally, shall fully and unconditionally guarantee,
on a senior secured basis, to each holder of the Notes, the Collateral Agent and
the Trustee, the payment and performance of the Issuers' respective obligations
under the Indenture and the Notes (each such subsidiary being referred to herein
as a "Domestic Guarantor" and such subsidiaries being referred to herein,
collectively, as the "Domestic Guarantors"), such guarantee being referred to
herein as a "Domestic Guarantee", (y) all Restricted Subsidiaries of the Dutch
Issuer, jointly and severally, shall fully and unconditionally guarantee, on a
senior secured basis, to each holder of the Dutch Notes, the Collateral Agent
and the Trustee, the payment and performance of the Dutch Issuer's obligations
under the Indenture and the Dutch Notes (each such subsidiary being referred to
herein as a "Foreign Guarantor" and such subsidiaries being referred to herein,
collectively, as the "Foreign Guarantors" and, together with the Domestic
Guarantors, the "Guarantors"), such guarantee being referred to herein as a
"Foreign Guarantee", and (z) the Company shall fully and unconditionally
guarantee, on a senior secured basis, to each holder of the Dutch Notes, the
Collateral Agent and the Trustee, the payment and performance of the Dutch
Issuer's obligations under the Indenture and the Dutch Notes, such guarantee
being referred to herein as the "Company Guarantee".

         Pursuant to the terms of (1) the Domestic Collateral Agreements, the
Notes, the Domestic Guarantees and the Company Guarantee will (and the Existing
Notes, the existing Domestic Guarantees and the existing Company Guarantee (as
each such term is defined in the Indenture) will continue to) be secured by
Liens in substantially all of the assets of the Company and the assets of the
Domestic Guarantors (other than real property and interests therein), including,
without limitation, a pledge of the Capital Stock owned directly by the Company
and such Domestic Guarantors (provided, however, that no such pledge will
include more than 65% of the Voting Stock of any Foreign Subsidiary directly
owned by

<PAGE>

the Company or any such Domestic Guarantor) and (2) the Foreign Collateral
Agreements (other than the Floating Charge Agreement (as defined below)), upon
execution of the Floating Charge Agreement by an EU-qualified institution,
acting as sub-collateral agent thereunder, and filing thereof in accordance with
Belgian law (the "Belgium Condition"), the Floating Charge Agreement, the Dutch
Notes and the Foreign Guarantees will (and the Existing Dutch Notes and the
existing Foreign Guarantees (as such term is defined in the Indenture) will
continue to) be secured by Liens consisting of a first priority pledge of all of
the accounts receivable, a first priority security interest or floating charge
on the inventory (to the extent permitted by applicable law), a first priority
mortgage on substantially all real property of each of the Dutch Issuer and each
Foreign Guarantor, a first priority pledge of 100% of the Capital Stock of each
direct Subsidiary of each of the Dutch Issuer and each such Foreign Guarantor
and a first priority pledge of the intercompany loans made by the Dutch Issuer
to its Restricted Subsidiaries, which Liens, in each case, shall be subject to
Permitted Liens.

         Holders of the Units (including, without limitation, Subsequent
Purchasers) will have the registration rights set forth in the registration
rights agreement applicable to the Units and Notes (the "Registration Rights
Agreement"), to be executed on and dated as of the Closing Date, as such term is
defined below. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Issuers will
agree, among other things, to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the "SEC") (a) a registration statement under the Act registering the offer and
sale of senior secured units (the "Exchange Units") and senior secured notes
(the "Exchange Notes") which shall be identical to the Units and the underlying
Notes, respectively (except that the Exchange Units and Exchange Notes shall
have been registered pursuant to such registration statement, will not be
subject to restrictions on transfer or contain additional interest provisions)
to be offered in exchange for the Units and the underlying Notes (such offer to
exchange being referred to as the "Exchange Offer"), and/or (b) under certain
circumstances, a shelf registration statement pursuant to Rule 415 under the Act
(the "Shelf Registration Statement") relating to the resale by certain holders
of the Units and the underlying Notes. If required under the Registration Rights
Agreement, the Issuers will issue Exchange Units and Exchange Notes to the
Initial Purchaser (the "Private Exchange Units" and "Private Exchange Notes",
respectively). If the Issuers shall fail to satisfy their respective obligations
under the Registration Rights Agreement, they will be required to pay additional
interest to the holders of the Units and underlying Notes under certain
circumstances, as set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement. Such
registration statements may include Exchange Units and Exchange Notes with
respect to the Units, Notes, Existing Units and Existing Notes.

         This Agreement, the Indenture, the Collateral Agreements, the
Registration Rights Agreement, the Units, the Notes, the Guarantees, the Company
Guarantee, the Exchange Units, the Exchange Notes, the Private Exchange Units
and the Private Exchange Notes are referred to herein as the "Documents." As
used herein, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms "Units" and
"Exchange Units" shall include the underlying Notes and underlying Exchange
Notes, respectively.

         3. PURCHASE, SALE AND DELIVERY. On the basis of the representations,
warranties, agreements and covenants herein contained and subject to the selling
restrictions, terms and conditions herein set forth, the Issuers agree to issue
and sell to the Initial Purchaser, and the Initial Purchaser agrees to purchase
from the Issuers, 22,491 Units for an aggregate purchase price of
$22,266,090.00. Delivery to the Initial Purchaser of and payment for the Units
shall be made at a closing (the "Closing") to be held at 10:00 a.m., New York
time, on December 21, 2004 (the "Closing Date") at the New York offices of
Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw LLP.

         The Issuers shall deliver to the Initial Purchaser one or more
certificates representing the Units and underlying Notes in definitive form, for
your account registered in such names and denominations as the Initial Purchaser
may request no later than 9:00 p.m. two days immediately preceding the Closing
Date, against payment by the Initial Purchaser of the purchase price therefor by

<PAGE>

immediately available Federal funds bank wire transfer to such bank account or
accounts as the Issuers shall designate to the Initial Purchaser at least two
business days prior to the Closing. The certificates representing the Units in
definitive form shall be made available to the Initial Purchaser for inspection
at the New York offices of Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw LLP (or such other place as
shall be reasonably acceptable to the Initial Purchaser) not later than 10:00
a.m. one business day immediately preceding the Closing Date. Units to be
represented by one or more definitive global securities in book-entry form will
be deposited on the Closing Date, by or on behalf of the Issuers, with The
Depository Trust Company ("DTC") or its designated custodian, and registered in
the name of Cede & Co.

         4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE OBLIGORS. Each Obligor, on
behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries (as defined below), represents and
warrants to the Initial Purchaser that, as of the date hereof and as of the
Closing Date:

(a)   The Preliminary Offering Circular as of its date did not, and the Final
      Offering Circular as of its date did not, and as of the Closing Date will
      not, and each supplement or amendment thereto as of its date will not,
      contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
      material fact (except, in the case of the Preliminary Offering Circular,
      for pricing terms and other financial terms intentionally left blank)
      necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
      circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided,
      however, that no Obligor makes any representation or warranty as to
      information furnished in writing to the Company by the Initial Purchaser
      specifically for use therein. No injunction or order has been issued that
      either (i) asserts that any of the transactions contemplated by this
      Agreement or any other Document is subject to the registration
      requirements of the Act, or (ii) would prevent or suspend the issuance or
      sale of any of the Notes or the use of the Preliminary Offering Circular,
      the Final Offering Circular or any amendment or supplement thereto, in any
      jurisdiction. Each of the Preliminary Offering Circular and the Final
      Offering Circular, as of their respective dates contained, and the Final
      Offering Circular, as amended or supplemented, as of the Closing Date will
      contain, all the information specified in, and meet the requirements of,
      Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Act.

(b)   Each corporation, partnership, or other entity in which the Company,
      directly or indirectly through any of its subsidiaries, owns more than
      fifty percent (50%) of any class of Capital Stock is listed on Schedule I
      attached hereto (the "Subsidiaries"). The Capital Stock of each such
      Subsidiary owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, is owned by the
      Company, as of the Closing Date, free and clear of all Liens other than
      Permitted Liens and in the case of La Cornubia S.A, Liens in favor of its
      creditors (including The Republic of France) pursuant to bankruptcy
      proceedings filed with respect to La Cornubia S.A. in The Republic of
      France. Each Unrestricted Subsidiary of the Company set forth on such
      Schedule has an asterisk ("*") next to the name of such Unrestricted
      Subsidiary.

(c)   Such Obligor and its Subsidiaries (i) have been duly organized or formed,
      as the case may be, are validly existing and are in good standing (to the
      extent relevant in such jurisdiction) under the laws of their jurisdiction
      of organization or formation, as the case may be, (ii) have all requisite
      corporate or other power and corporate or other authority to carry on
      their business and to own, lease and operate their properties and assets,
      and (iii) are duly qualified or licensed to do business and are in good
      standing (to the extent relevant in such jurisdiction) as a foreign
      corporation, partnership or other entity as the case may be, authorized to
      do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of such businesses or
      the ownership or leasing of such properties requires such qualification,
      except where the failure to be so qualified would not, individually or in
      the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on (A) the properties,
      business, prospects, operations, earnings, assets, liabilities or
      condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its

<PAGE>

      Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (B) the ability of such Obligor to perform
      its obligations in all material respects under any Document to which it is
      a party, (C) the enforceability of any Collateral Agreement or the
      attachment, perfection or priority of any of the Liens intended to be
      created thereby or (D) the validity of any of the Documents or the
      consummation of any of the transactions contemplated therein (each, a
      "Material Adverse Effect").

(d)   All of the issued and outstanding shares of Capital Stock of the Company
      have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and (subject
      to Section 630 of the Business Corporation Law of the State of New York)
      nonassessable, and were not issued in violation of, and except as set
      forth in the Final Offering Circular are not subject to, any preemptive or
      similar rights. The column entitled "Actual" in the table under the
      caption "Capitalization" in the Final Offering Circular (including the
      footnotes thereto) sets forth, as of September 30, 2004, the
      capitalization of the Company. All of the outstanding shares of Capital
      Stock of each of the Subsidiaries are owned, directly or indirectly, by
      the Company, free and clear of all liens, security interests, mortgages,
      pledges, charges, equities, claims or restrictions on transferability or
      encumbrances of any kind (collectively, "Liens"), other than those imposed
      by the Act and the securities or "Blue Sky" laws of certain domestic or
      foreign jurisdictions and Liens constituting Permitted Liens and in the
      case of La Cornubia S.A, Liens in favor of its creditors (including The
      Republic of France) pursuant to bankruptcy proceedings filed with respect
      to La Cornubia S.A. in The Republic of France. Except as set forth in the
      Final Offering Circular, there are no outstanding (A) options, warrants or
      other rights for third parties to purchase from the Company or any of its
      Subsidiaries, (B) agreements, contracts, arrangements or other obligations
      of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue to third parties or (C)
      other rights of third parties to convert any obligation into or exchange
      any securities for, in the case of each of clauses (A) through (C), shares
      of Capital Stock in the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(e)   No holder of securities of the Issuers or any of their respective
      Subsidiaries will be entitled to have such securities registered under the
      registration statements required to be filed by the Issuers and the
      Guarantors with respect to the Exchange Units, the Exchange Notes, the
      Private Exchange Units or the Private Exchange Notes pursuant to the
      Registration Rights Agreement.

(f)   Such Obligor has all requisite corporate or other power and corporate or
      other authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the
      Documents to which it is a party and to consummate the transactions
      contemplated thereby.

(g)   The execution, delivery and performance of each of this Agreement, the
      Indenture and the Collateral Agreements to which such Obligor is a party
      have been duly and validly authorized by such Obligor. Each of the
      Existing Indenture and the existing Collateral Agreements (as such term is
      defined in the Indenture) constitute, and the Second Supplemental
      Indenture, the Foreign Collateral Agreements (other than the Floating
      Charge Agreement), and subject to the Belgium Condition, the Floating
      Charge Agreement, when executed and delivered by such Obligor to the
      extent it is a party thereto, will constitute, a legal, valid and binding
      obligation of such Obligor, enforceable against such Obligor in accordance
      with its terms, except that the enforcement thereof may be subject to (i)
      bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, moratorium,
      fraudulent conveyance or other similar laws now or hereafter in effect
      relating to creditors' rights generally and (ii) general principles of
      equity (whether applied by a court of law or equity) and the discretion of
      the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

(h)   The execution, delivery and performance of the Registration Rights
      Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by such Obligor. The
      Registration Rights Agreement, when executed and delivered by such
      Obligor, will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of such
      Obligor,

<PAGE>

      enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with its terms, except that
      (A) the enforcement thereof may be subject to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency,
      reorganization, receivership, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other
      similar laws now or hereafter in effect relating to creditors' rights
      generally and (ii) general principles of equity (whether applied by a
      court of law or equity) and the discretion of the court before which any
      proceeding therefor may be brought and (B) any rights to indemnity or
      contribution thereunder may be limited by Federal and state securities
      laws and public policy considerations.

(i)   The Units and the underlying Notes, when issued, will be in the form
      contemplated by the Indenture. The Indenture meets the requirements for
      qualification under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the
      "TIA"). The execution, delivery and performance of each of the Units,
      Exchange Units, Private Exchange Units, Notes, Exchange Notes and Private
      Exchange Notes have each been duly and validly authorized by each Issuer
      that is to be a maker thereof and, in the case of the Notes and Units,
      when authenticated, delivered to and paid for by the Initial Purchaser in
      accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Indenture, will have
      been duly executed, issued and delivered and will be legal, valid and
      binding obligations of such Issuer, entitled to the benefit of the
      Indenture, the Collateral Agreements (including the existing Collateral
      Agreements (as such term is defined in the Indenture)) (other than the
      Floating Charge Agreement), the Registration Rights Agreement and subject
      to the Belgium Condition, the Floating Charge Agreement, and enforceable
      against such Issuer in accordance with their terms, except that the
      enforcement thereof may be subject to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency,
      reorganization, receivership, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other
      similar laws now or hereafter in effect relating to creditors' rights
      generally and (ii) general principles of equity (whether applied by a
      court of law or equity) and the discretion of the court before which any
      proceeding therefor may be brought. Upon and following delivery to the
      Initial Purchaser, the Units and the underlying Notes will rank at least
      pari passu in right of payment with all other Indebtedness of the Issuer
      that is the maker thereof that is outstanding on the Closing Date or that
      may be incurred thereafter and senior in right of payment to all
      Indebtedness of such Issuer that is outstanding on the Closing Date or
      that may be incurred thereafter and which by its terms is subordinated in
      right of payment to all other Indebtedness of such Issuer.

(j)   The execution, delivery and performance of each of the Domestic
      Guarantees, the Foreign Guarantees and the Company Guarantee have been
      duly and validly authorized by the Domestic Guarantors, the Foreign
      Guarantors and the Company, respectively, and, when executed by each such
      Obligor to the extent it is a party thereto, will have been duly executed,
      issued and delivered and will be legal, valid and binding obligations of
      such Obligor, entitled to the benefit of the Indenture, the Collateral
      Agreements (including the existing Collateral Agreements (as such term is
      defined in the Indenture)) (other than the Floating Charge Agreement), the
      Registration Rights Agreement and subject to the Belgium Condition, the
      Floating Charge Agreement, and enforceable against such Obligor in
      accordance with their terms, except that the enforcement thereof may be
      subject to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership,
      moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other similar laws now or hereafter
      in effect relating to creditors' rights generally and (ii) general
      principles of equity (whether applied by a court of law or equity) and the
      discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be
      brought. Upon and following delivery to the Initial Purchaser, each
      Guarantee and the Company Guarantee will rank at least pari passu in right
      of payment with all other Indebtedness of the Guarantor that is the maker
      thereof and the Company, respectively, that is outstanding on the Closing
      Date or that may be incurred thereafter and senior in right of payment to
      all Indebtedness of such Guarantor or the Company, as the case may be,
      that is outstanding on the Closing Date or that may be incurred thereafter
      and which by its terms is subordinated in right of payment to all other
      Indebtedness of such Guarantor or the Company, as the case may be.

<PAGE>

(k)   Neither such Obligor nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of its
      certificate of incorporation, by-laws, limited liability operating
      agreement or other organizational document (as applicable with respect to
      such Obligor or such Subsidiary, its "Charter Documents"). Neither such
      Obligor nor any of its Subsidiaries is (i) in violation of any Federal,
      state, local or foreign statute, law (including, without limitation,
      common law) or ordinance, or any judgment, decree, rule, regulation or
      order, except for such violations that would not, individually or in the
      aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, "Applicable
      Law") of any Federal, state, local and other governmental authority,
      governmental or regulatory agency or body, court, arbitrator or
      self-regulatory organization, domestic or foreign having jurisdiction over
      such Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets,
      properties or operations (each, a "Governmental Authority") applicable to
      any of them or any of their respective properties, or (ii) in breach of or
      default under any bond, debenture, note or other evidence of Indebtedness,
      indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease or any other agreement or
      instrument to which any of them is a party or by which any of them or
      their respective property is bound (collectively, "Applicable
      Agreements"), other than as disclosed in the Final Offering Circular and
      the filing of the Existing Floating Charge Agreement in accordance with
      Belgian law and except for any such breaches or defaults that would not,
      individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect.
      There exists no condition that, with the passage of time or otherwise,
      would (a) constitute a violation of any such (i) Charter Document or (ii)
      Applicable Law, (b) constitute a breach of or default under any Applicable
      Agreement or (c) result in the imposition of any penalty or the
      acceleration of any Indebtedness and, in the case of clause (a)(ii), (b)
      or (c) above, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
      Effect.

(l)   Neither the execution, delivery or performance of the Documents nor the
      consummation of any transactions contemplated therein will conflict with,
      violate, constitute a breach of or a default (with the passage of time or
      otherwise) under, require the consent of any person (other than consents
      already obtained and in full force and effect) under, result in the
      imposition of a Lien on any assets of such Obligor or any of its
      Subsidiaries (except for Liens created pursuant to the Documents and the
      Credit Agreement), or result in an acceleration of Indebtedness under or
      pursuant to (i) the Charter Documents, (ii) any Applicable Agreement, or
      (iii) any Applicable Law, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions
      set forth in Sections 7(q) and (r) and except for conflicts, violations,
      breaches, defaults, consents, Lien impositions or accelerations of
      Indebtedness that, in the case of clause (ii) or (iii) above, would not
      result in a Material Adverse Effect. Immediately after consummation of the
      Offering and the transactions contemplated in the Documents (including the
      application of the proceeds of the Units as disclosed in the Final
      Offering Circular), no Default or Event of Default (each, as defined in
      the Indenture) will exist.

(m)   When executed and delivered, the Documents will conform in all material
      respects to the descriptions thereof in the Final Offering Circular.

(n)   No consent, approval, authorization or order of any Governmental Authority
      or third party is required for the issuance and sale by the Issuers of the
      Units to the Initial Purchaser or the consummation by the Obligors of the
      other transactions contemplated hereby, subject to the satisfaction of the
      conditions set forth in Sections 7(q) and (r) and except such as have been
      obtained (and are in full force and effect) and such as may be required
      under foreign securities laws or state securities or "Blue Sky" laws in
      connection with the purchase and resale of the Units by the Initial
      Purchaser.

(o)   Except as disclosed in the Final Offering Circular, there is no action,
      claim, suit, demand, hearing, notice of violation or deficiency, or
      proceeding, domestic or foreign (collectively, "Proceedings"), pending or,
      to the knowledge of such Obligor, threatened, that either (i) seeks to

<PAGE>

      restrain, enjoin, prevent the consummation of, or otherwise challenge any
      of the Documents or any of the transactions contemplated therein, or (ii)
      would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.
      Such Obligor is not subject to any judgment, order, decree, rule or
      regulation of any Governmental Authority that would, individually or in
      the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. No injunction or order has
      been issued and no Proceeding is pending or, to the knowledge of such
      Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened that (i) asserts that the
      offer, sale and delivery of the Units to the Initial Purchaser pursuant to
      this Agreement or the initial resale of the Units by the Initial Purchaser
      in the manner contemplated by this Agreement is subject to the
      registration requirements of the Act, or (ii) would prevent or suspend the
      issuance or sale of the Units, including the Exempt Resales, or the use of
      the Preliminary Offering Circular, the Final Offering Circular, or any
      amendment or supplement thereto, in any jurisdiction.

(p)   Such Obligor and its Subsidiaries possess all licenses, permits,
      certificates, consents, orders, approvals and other authorizations from,
      and have made all declarations and filings with, all Governmental
      Authorities, presently required or necessary to own or lease, as the case
      may be, and to operate their respective properties and to carry on their
      respective businesses as now or proposed to be conducted as set forth in
      the Final Offering Circular ("Permits"), except where the failure to
      obtain such Permits would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
      Material Adverse Effect; such Obligor and its Subsidiaries have fulfilled
      and performed all of their obligations with respect to such Permits and no
      event has occurred which allows, or after notice or lapse of time would
      allow, revocation or termination thereof or results in any other material
      impairment of the rights of the holder of any such Permit, except (i) as
      disclosed in the Final Offering Circular and (ii) where such failure to
      perform such obligations would not, individually or in the aggregate,
      result in a Material Adverse Effect; and neither such Obligor nor any of
      its Subsidiaries have received any notice of any proceeding relating to
      revocation or modification of any such Permit, except as described in the
      Final Offering Circular or except where such revocation or modification
      would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
      Effect.

(q)   Such Obligor and each of its Subsidiaries has good and marketable title to
      all real property owned by it and good title to all personal property
      owned by it and good and indefeasible title to all leasehold estates in
      real and personal property being leased by it and, as of the Closing Date,
      will be free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens). All
      Applicable Agreements to which such Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries is
      a party or by which any of them is bound are valid and enforceable against
      such Obligor or such Subsidiary, as applicable, and are valid and
      enforceable against the other party or parties thereto and are in full
      force and effect with only such exceptions as would not, individually or
      in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The assets of such
      Obligor and its Subsidiaries include all of the assets and properties
      necessary or required in, or otherwise material to, the conduct of the
      businesses of each of them as currently conducted and as proposed to be
      conducted (as described in the Final Offering Circular), and such assets
      are in good working condition, except where the failure of such assets to
      be in working condition would not, individually or in the aggregate, have
      a Material Adverse Effect.

(r)   All Tax returns required to be filed by such Obligor and each of its
      Subsidiaries have been filed (taking into account all applicable
      extensions) and all such returns are true, complete and correct in all
      material respects. All material Taxes that are due from such Obligor and
      its Subsidiaries have been paid other than those (i) currently payable
      without penalty or interest or (ii) being contested in good faith and by
      appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been
      established in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of
      the United States, consistently applied ("GAAP"). To the knowledge of such
      Obligor, after due inquiry,

<PAGE>

      there are no actual or proposed Tax assessments against such Obligor or
      any of its Subsidiaries that would, individually or in the aggregate, have
      a Material Adverse Effect. The accruals and reserves on the books and
      records of the Company and its Subsidiaries in respect of any material Tax
      liability for any period not finally determined are adequate in all
      material respects to meet any assessments of Tax accrued through the date
      as of which they relate and for which such Obligor or any of its
      Subsidiaries may be liable. For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Tax"
      and "Taxes" shall mean all Federal, state, local and foreign taxes, and
      other assessments of a similar nature (whether imposed directly or through
      withholding), including, without limitation, any interest, additions to
      tax, or penalties applicable thereto.

(s)   Such Obligor and each of its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed under, and
      has the right to use, or can acquire on reasonable terms, adequate
      patents, patent rights, licenses, inventions, copyrights, know-how
      (including, without limitation, trade secrets and other unpatented and/or
      unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or
      procedures), trademarks, service marks and trade names (collectively,
      "Intellectual Property") necessary for the conduct of its businesses and,
      as of the Closing Date, will be free and clear of all Liens, other than
      Permitted Liens, except where the failure to do so could reasonably be
      expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To such Obligor's knowledge,
      no claims or notices of any potential claim have been asserted by any
      person challenging the use of any such Intellectual Property by such
      Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries or questioning the validity or
      effectiveness of the Intellectual Property or any license or agreement
      related thereto (other than any claims that, if successful, would not,
      individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect). To such
      Obligor's knowledge, the use of such Intellectual Property by such Obligor
      or any of its Subsidiaries will not infringe on the Intellectual Property
      rights of any other person.

(t)   Such Obligor maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient
      to provide reasonable assurance that (i) material transactions are
      executed in accordance with management's general or specific
      authorization, (ii) material transactions are recorded as necessary to
      permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP, and to
      maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in
      accordance with management's general or specific authorization and (iv)
      the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing
      assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with
      respect to any material differences.

(u)   The audited consolidated financial statements and related notes of the
      Company and its Subsidiaries contained in the Final Offering Circular (the
      "Financial Statements") present fairly in all material respects the
      financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company
      and its consolidated Subsidiaries, as of the respective dates and for the
      respective periods to which they apply and have been prepared in
      accordance with GAAP and except as disclosed in the Final Offering
      Circular, the requirements of Regulation S-X of the Act. The historical
      financial data set forth under "Summary Consolidated Financial Data" and
      "Selected Consolidated Historical Financial Information" included in the
      Final Offering Circular have been prepared on a basis consistent with that
      of the Financial Statements and present fairly in all material respects
      the financial position and results of operations of the Company and its
      consolidated Subsidiaries as of the respective dates and for the
      respective periods indicated. All other financial, statistical, and market
      and industry-related data included in the Final Offering Circular are
      fairly and accurately presented and are based on or derived from sources
      that the Company believes to be reliable and accurate in all material
      respects. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP are independent public accountants
      with respect to the Company.

(v)   [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]

<PAGE>

(w)   Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the
      Final Offering Circular, except as disclosed in the Final Offering
      Circular, (i) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has (x)
      incurred any liabilities, direct or contingent, that are material,
      individually or in the aggregate, to the Company and its Subsidiaries, or
      (y) entered into any transactions not in the ordinary course of business
      which are material with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries
      considered as one enterprise, (ii) there has not been any material
      decrease in the Capital Stock or any material increase in long-term
      Indebtedness or any material increase in short-term Indebtedness of the
      Company and its Subsidiaries, or any payment of or declaration to pay any
      dividends or any other distribution with respect to the Company, and (iii)
      there has not been any material adverse change in the properties,
      business, prospects, operations, earnings, assets, liabilities or
      condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
      taken as a whole, since June 30, 2004 (each of clauses (i), (ii) and
      (iii), a "Material Adverse Change"). To the knowledge of such Obligor
      after due inquiry, there is no event that is reasonably likely to occur,
      which if it were to occur, would, individually or in the aggregate, have a
      Material Adverse Effect, except such events that have been adequately
      disclosed in the Final Offering Circular.

(x)   No "nationally recognized statistical rating organization" (as such term
      is defined for purposes of Rule 436(g)(2) under the Act) (i) has imposed
      (or has informed the Company that it is considering imposing) any
      condition (financial or otherwise) on the Company retaining any rating
      assigned to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to any securities of
      the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) has indicated to the
      Company that it is considering (A) the downgrading, suspension, or
      withdrawal of, or any review for a possible change that does not indicate
      the direction of the possible change in, any rating so assigned, or (B)
      any change in the outlook for any rating of the Company or any of its
      Subsidiaries or any securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(y)   All Indebtedness represented by the Notes is being incurred for the
      purposes set forth in the Final Offering Circular under the heading "Use
      of Proceeds." On the Closing Date, such Obligor will be solvent. As used
      in this paragraph, "solvent" means, with respect to a particular date,
      that on such date the present fair market value (present fair saleable
      value) of the assets of such Obligor is not less than the total amount
      required to pay the probable liabilities of such Obligor on its total
      existing debts and liabilities (including, without limitation, contingent
      liabilities) as they become absolute and matured, such Obligor is able to
      realize upon its assets and pay its debts and other liabilities,
      contingent obligations and commitments as they mature and become due in
      the normal course of business, assuming the sale of the Units and the
      making of the Guarantees and the Company Guarantee as contemplated by this
      Agreement and the Final Offering Circular, such Obligor is not incurring
      debts or liabilities beyond its ability to pay as such debts and
      liabilities mature, and such Obligor is not engaged in any business or
      transaction, and is not about to engage in any business or transaction,
      for which its property would constitute unreasonably small capital after
      giving due consideration to the prevailing practice in the industry in
      which such Obligor is engaged. In computing the amount of such contingent
      liabilities at any time, it is intended that such liabilities will be
      computed at the amount that, in the light of all the facts and
      circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can
      reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.

(z)   The Issuers have not and, to their knowledge, no one acting on their
      behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to
      cause or to result in, or that has constituted or which might reasonably
      be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price
      of any security of either Issuer to facilitate the sale or resale of any
      of the Units or Notes, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid anyone any
      compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Units, or (iii)

<PAGE>

      except as disclosed in the Final Offering Circular, paid or agreed to pay
      to any person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any
      other securities of the Issuers.

(aa)  Without limiting any provision herein, no registration under the Act and
      no qualification of the Indenture under the TIA is required for the sale
      of the Notes to the Initial Purchaser as contemplated hereby or for the
      Exempt Resales, assuming (i) that the purchasers in the Exempt Resales are
      QIBs or Accredited Investors or non-U.S. persons and (ii) the accuracy of
      the Initial Purchaser's representations contained herein.

(bb)  When issued and delivered pursuant to this Agreement and the Indenture,
      the Units and Notes will be eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144A
      under the Act and no other securities of the Issuers are of the same class
      (within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Act) as the Units or Notes and
      listed on a national securities exchange registered under Section 6 of the
      Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or
      quoted in a U.S. automated inter-dealer quotation system. No securities of
      the Issuers of the same class as the Units or Notes have been offered,
      issued or sold by the Issuers or any of their respective Affiliates within
      the six-month period immediately prior to the date hereof, except to the
      extent the Company filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4
      with respect to the Existing Notes (for which registration statement the
      Company has sent a notice of withdrawal to the SEC).

(cc)  Neither of the Issuers nor any of their respective Affiliates or other
      person acting on behalf of either Issuer has offered or sold the Units by
      means of any general solicitation or general advertising within the
      meaning of Rule 502(c) under the Act or, with respect to Units sold
      outside the United States to non-U.S. persons (as defined in Rule 902
      under the Act), by means of any directed selling efforts within the
      meaning of Rule 902 under the Act, and each Issuer, each Affiliate of
      either Issuer and each other person acting on behalf of either Issuer have
      complied with and will implement the "offering restrictions" within the
      meaning of such Rule 902; provided, that no representation is made in this
      subsection with respect to the actions of the Initial Purchaser.

(dd)  Each of the Company, its Subsidiaries, and each ERISA Affiliate has
      fulfilled its obligations, if any, under the minimum funding standards of
      Section 302 of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act
      of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") with respect to each "pension plan" (as
      defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), subject to Section 302 of ERISA which
      the Company, its Subsidiaries, or any ERISA Affiliate sponsors or
      maintains, or with respect to which it has (or within the last three years
      had) any obligation to make contributions, except where the failure to do
      so would not lead to a liability to any such pension plan not reflected in
      all material respects in the Final Offering Circular, and each such plan
      is in compliance in all material respects with the presently applicable
      provisions of ERISA and the Code (as defined below). Neither the Company,
      its Subsidiaries, nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any unpaid
      liability to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (other than for the
      payment of premiums in the ordinary course) or to any such plan under
      Title IV of ERISA. "ERISA Affiliate" means a corporation, trade or
      business that is, along with the Company or any Subsidiary, a member of a
      controlled group of corporations or a controlled group of trades or
      businesses, as described in Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code of
      1986, as amended (the "Code") or Section 4001 of ERISA.

(ee)  Except as disclosed in the Final Offering Circular, (i) such Obligor is
      not a party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreement with any
      labor organization other than the collective bargaining agreements listed
      on Schedule II hereto; (ii) there is no union representation question
      existing with respect to the employees of such Obligor, and, to the
      knowledge of such Obligor, no

<PAGE>

      other union organizing activities are taking place; (iii) to such
      Obligor's knowledge, no union organizing or decertification efforts are
      underway or threatened against such Obligor; (iv) no labor strike, work
      stoppage, slowdown, or other labor dispute is pending against such
      Obligor, or, to the knowledge of such Obligor, threatened against such
      Obligor that, could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
      expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (v) there is no worker's
      compensation liability, experience or matter that could reasonably be
      expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
      Effect; (vi) to the knowledge of such Obligor, there is no threatened or
      pending liability against such Obligor pursuant to the Worker Adjustment
      Retraining and Notification Act of 1988, as amended ("WARN"), or any
      similar state or local law; (vii) there is no employment-related charge,
      complaint, grievance, investigation, unfair labor practice claim, or
      inquiry of any kind, pending or, to the knowledge of such Obligor,
      threatened against such Obligor that could reasonably be expected,
      individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect;
      (viii) to the knowledge of such Obligor, no employee or agent of such
      Obligor has committed any act or omission giving rise to liability for any
      violation identified in subsection (vi) and (vii) above, other than such
      acts or omissions that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
      Material Adverse Effect; and (ix) no term or condition of employment
      exists through arbitration awards, settlement agreements, or side
      agreements that is contrary to the express terms of any applicable
      collective bargaining agreement other than such term or condition that
      would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
      Effect.

(ff)  None of the transactions contemplated in the Documents or the application
      by the Issuers or any of their respective Subsidiaries of the proceeds of
      the Units will violate or result in a violation of Section 7 of the
      Exchange Act (including, without limitation, Regulation T (12 C.F.R. Part
      220), Regulation U (12 C.F.R. Part 221) or Regulation X (12 C.F.R. Part
      224) of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System).

(gg)  Neither such Obligor nor any of its Subsidiaries is an open-end investment
      company, unit investment trust or face-amount certificate company that is
      or is required to be registered under Section 8 of the Investment Company
      Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"); and neither such
      Obligor nor any of its Subsidiaries is or, after giving effect to the
      Offering and sale of the Units and the application of the proceeds thereof
      as described in the Final Offering Circular, will be an "investment
      company" as defined in the Investment Company Act.

(hh)  Neither Issuer has engaged any broker, finder, commission agent or other
      person (other than the Initial Purchaser) in connection with the Offering
      or any of the transactions contemplated in the Documents, and neither
      Issuer is under any obligation to pay any broker's fee or commission in
      connection with such transactions (other than commissions or fees to the
      Initial Purchaser).

(ii)  Except as disclosed in the Final Offering Circular, such Obligor and each
      of its Subsidiaries (i) is in compliance with all applicable foreign,
      Federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection
      of the environment or hazardous or toxic substances of wastes, pollutants
      or contaminants ("Environmental Laws"), (ii) has received and is in
      compliance with all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them
      under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct its businesses and (iii)
      has not received notice of any actual or potential liability for the
      investigation or remediation of any disposal or release of hazardous or
      toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants, in each case,
      except where such non-compliance with Environmental Laws, failure to
      receive and comply with required permits, licenses or other approvals, or
      liability would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
      Adverse Effect, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary
      course of business. Except as disclosed in the Final Offering Circular,
      neither such Obligor nor any of the Subsidiaries has been named as a
      "potentially

<PAGE>

      responsible party" under the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
      Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended.

      In the ordinary course of its business, such Obligor periodically reviews
      the effect of Environmental Laws on the business, operations and
      properties of such Obligor and its Subsidiaries, in the course of which it
      identifies and evaluates associated costs and liabilities (including,
      without limitation, any capital or operating expenditures required for
      clean-up, closure of properties or compliance with Environmental Laws, or
      any permit, license or approval, any related constraints on operating
      activities and any potential liabilities to third parties). On the basis
      of such review, such Obligor has reasonably concluded that such associated
      costs would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(jj)  Except as provided in the Credit Agreement or as described in the Final
      Offering Circular, as of the Closing Date, there will be no contractual
      encumbrances or restrictions on the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary
      of the Company (x) to pay dividends or make other distributions on such
      Restricted Subsidiary's Capital Stock or to pay any Indebtedness to the
      Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Company, (y) to make
      loans or advances or pay any Indebtedness to, or investments in, the
      Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Company or (z) to
      transfer any of its property or assets to the Company or any other
      Restricted Subsidiary of the Company.

(kk)  (a) Upon:

      (i)   [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]

      (ii)  the execution and delivery of the Pledge of Receivables, dated as of
            the Closing Date (the "Pledge of Receivables"), by the Dutch Issuer,
            Phibro Animal Health SA and the Collateral Agent, a valid and
            enforceable right of pledge over all Inter-company Receivables (as
            defined in the Pledge of Receivables) due from Phibro Animal Health
            SA will be created to secure the Dutch Notes; provided that such
            right of pledge created to secure the Dutch Notes shall be subject
            only to the right of pledge created under the pledge of receivables
            dated as of October 21, 2003, by the Dutch Issuer, Phibro Animal
            Health SA and the Collateral Agent to secure the Existing Dutch
            Notes;

      (iii) the execution and delivery of the Pledge of Movable Assets, dated as
            of the Closing Date (the "Pledge of Movable Assets"), by the Dutch
            Issuer and the Collateral Agent and the registration thereof in The
            Netherlands with the register of the Belastingdienst Ondernemingen,
            a valid and enforceable right of pledge over the Moveable Assets (as
            defined in the Pledge of Movable Assets) will be created to secure
            the Dutch Notes; provided that such right of pledge created to
            secure the Dutch Notes shall be subject only to the right of pledge
            created under the pledge of movable assets dated as of October 21,
            2003, by the Dutch Issuer and the Collateral Agent to secure the
            Existing Dutch Notes;

      (iv)  the execution and delivery of the Share Pledge Agreement, dated as
            of the Closing Date (the "Share Pledge Agreement"), by the Dutch
            Issuer, Phibro Animal Health SA and the Collateral Agent and upon
            due recordation of the pledge purported to be created thereby into
            the shareholders' register of Phibro Animal Health SA, such security
            will be a valid perfected security interest over the shares of
            Phibro Animal Health SA to secure the Dutch Notes; provided that

<PAGE>

            such right of pledge created to secure the Dutch Notes shall be
            subject only to the right of pledge created under the share pledge
            agreement dated as of October 21, 2003, by the Dutch Issuer, Phibro
            Animal Health SA and the Collateral Agent to secure the Existing
            Dutch Notes;

      (v)   the execution and delivery of the Receivables Pledge Agreement,
            dated as of the Closing Date (the "Receivables Pledge Agreement"),
            by Phibro Animal Health SA and the Collateral Agent, and to the
            extent that the pledge purported to be created thereby relates to
            Inter-group Claims and Trade Receivables (in both cases as defined
            in the Receivables Pledge Agreement), the notification to the
            debtors of such Inter-Group Claims and Trade Receivables (in
            accordance with relevant provisions of the Receivables Pledge
            Agreement), and subject to any applicable conflict of law rules,
            such security interest will be a valid perfected security interest
            over such Inter-Group Claims and Trade Receivables to secure its
            Foreign Guarantee in respect of the Dutch Notes; provided that such
            right of pledge created to secure such Foreign Guarantee shall be
            subject only to the right of pledge created under the receivables
            pledge agreement dated as of October 21, 2003, by Phibro Animal
            Health SA and the Collateral Agent to secure the Existing Dutch
            Notes; and

      (vi)  the execution and delivery of the Floating Charge Agreement, dated
            as of the Closing Date (the "Floating Charge Agreement"), by Phibro
            Animal Health SA and HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt (International) SA,
            as subcollateral agent (the "Sub-Collateral Agent"), and upon due
            registration and inscription with the relevant land registry
            (Hypotheekbewaarder/Conservateur des hypotheques), such security
            interest will be a valid perfected security interest over the assets
            contemplated in the Floating Charge Agreement to secure its Foreign
            Guarantee in respect of the Dutch Notes; provided that such security
            interest shall be subject only to the security interest created
            under the floating charge agreement dated as of December 8, 2004
            (the "Existing Floating Charge Agreement"), by Phibro Animal Health
            SA and the Sub-Collateral Agent to secure the Existing Dutch Notes.

(b)   As of the Closing Date, except with respect to Permitted Liens, there will
      be no currently effective financing statement, security agreement, chattel
      mortgage, real estate mortgage or other document filed or recorded with
      any filing records, registry, or other public office, that purports to
      cover, affect or give notice of any present or possible future Lien on, or
      security interest in, any assets or property of any Obligor or any rights
      thereunder.

(c)   The issuance of the Notes, the Guarantees and the Company Guarantee in
      respect thereof neither (i) requires that any new filings be made or any
      other action taken to perfect or to maintain the perfection of the Liens
      granted pursuant to (A) any existing Collateral Agreement (as such term is
      defined in the Indenture) or (B) except as set forth in paragraph (a)
      above, any Collateral Agreement nor (ii) impairs the validity,
      effectiveness or priority of the Liens granted pursuant to any existing
      Collateral Agreement (as defined in the Indenture). Such Liens created
      under the existing Collateral Agreements (as defined in the Indenture) (x)
      continue unimpaired with the same priority to secure repayment of all
      obligations under the Existing Notes, the existing Guarantees (as defined
      in the Indenture) in respect of the Existing Notes, the Indenture and the
      existing Collateral Agreements (as defined in the Indenture), whether
      heretofore or except with respect to the issuance of any Additional Notes
      (including the Notes but excluding any

<PAGE>

            Exchange Notes (as defined in the Indenture) issued in exchange for
            any Existing Notes) and obligations directly related thereto,
            hereafter incurred and (y) subject to any Permitted Liens, continue
            to secure repayment of all obligations under the U.S. Notes and the
            existing Domestic Guarantees (as defined in the Indenture) in
            respect of the U.S. Notes and the Dutch Notes, whether heretofore or
            hereafter incurred.

(ll)  Each certificate signed by any officer of either Issuer, or any Subsidiary
      thereof, delivered to the Initial Purchaser shall be deemed a
      representation and warranty by such Issuer or any such Subsidiary thereof
      (and not individually by such officer) to the Initial Purchaser with
      respect to the matters covered thereby.

(mm)  Each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries is insured by insurers of
      recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in
      such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which they
      are engaged. All policies of insurance insuring the Company or any of its
      Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, assets, employees, officers
      and directors are in full force and effect. The Company and its
      Subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of such policies and
      instruments in all material respects, and there are no claims by the
      Company or any of its Subsidiaries under any such policy or instrument as
      to which any insurance company is denying liability or defending under a
      reservation of rights clause. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary
      has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for, and neither
      the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will
      not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such
      coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as
      may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not,
      individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

(nn)  The Dutch Issuer is in compliance with the requirements for an exemption
      from the banking license requirement under Section 6 of the Dutch Act on
      the Supervision of the Credit Institutions 1992 (Wet toezicht kredietwezen
      1992) as set forth in the Exemption Regulation under the Dutch Act on the
      Supervision of the Credit Institutions 1992 (Vrijstellingsregeling Wet
      toezicht kredietwezen 1992).

         5. COVENANTS OF THE OBLIGORS. Each Domestic Obligor, jointly and
severally, on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries, and each Foreign Obligor,
jointly and severally, on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries, hereby agrees:

(a)   To (i) advise the Initial Purchaser promptly after obtaining knowledge
      (and, if requested by the Initial Purchaser, confirm such advice in
      writing) of (A) the issuance by any state securities commission of any
      stop order suspending the qualification or exemption from qualification of
      any of the Units or Notes for offer or sale in any jurisdiction, or the
      initiation of any proceeding for such purpose by any state securities
      commission or other regulatory authority, or (B) the happening of any
      event that makes any statement of a material fact made in the Final
      Offering Circular untrue or that requires the making of any additions to
      or changes in the Final Offering Circular in order to make the statements
      therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
      misleading, (ii) use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the
      issuance of any stop order or order suspending the qualification or
      exemption from qualification of any of the Units or Notes under any state
      securities or Blue Sky laws, and (iii) if at any time any state securities
      commission or other regulatory authority shall issue an order suspending
      the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Units or
      Notes under any such laws, use its commercially reasonable efforts to
      obtain the withdrawal or lifting of such order at the earliest possible
      time.

<PAGE>

(b)   To (i) furnish the Initial Purchaser, without charge, as many copies of
      the Final Offering Circular, and any amendments or supplements thereto, as
      the Initial Purchaser may reasonably request, and (ii) promptly prepare,
      upon the Initial Purchaser's reasonable request, any amendment or
      supplement to the Final Offering Circular that the Initial Purchaser, upon
      advice of legal counsel, determines may be necessary in connection with
      Exempt Resales (and the Issuers hereby consent to the use of the
      Preliminary Offering Circular and the Final Offering Circular, and any
      amendments and supplements thereto, by the Initial Purchaser in connection
      with Exempt Resales).

(c)   Not to amend or supplement the Final Offering Circular prior to the
      Closing Date or at any time prior to the completion of the resale by the
      Initial Purchaser of all of the Notes purchased by the Initial Purchaser,
      unless the Initial Purchaser shall previously have been advised thereof
      and shall have provided its written consent thereto (which consent shall
      not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

(d)   At any time prior to the completion of the resale of the Units by the
      Initial Purchaser, (i) if any event shall occur as a result of which, in
      the reasonable judgment of the Company or the Initial Purchaser, it
      becomes necessary or advisable to amend or supplement the Final Offering
      Circular in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
      circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is
      necessary to amend or supplement the Final Offering Circular to comply
      with Applicable Law, to notify the Initial Purchaser of any such event and
      to prepare, at the expense of the Company, an appropriate amendment or
      supplement to the Final Offering Circular (in form and substance
      reasonably satisfactory to the Initial Purchaser) so that (A) as so
      amended or supplemented, the Final Offering Circular will not include an
      untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
      circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (B) the
      Final Offering Circular will comply with Applicable Law and (ii) if in the
      reasonable judgment of the Company or the Initial Purchaser it becomes
      necessary or advisable to amend or supplement the Final Offering Circular
      so that the Final Offering Circular will contain all of the information
      specified in, and meet the requirements of, Rule 144A(d)(4) of the Act, to
      prepare an appropriate amendment or supplement to the Final Offering
      Circular (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Initial
      Purchaser) so that the Final Offering Circular, as so amended or
      supplemented, will contain the information specified in, and meet the
      requirements of, such Rule.

(e)   To cooperate with the Initial Purchaser and the Initial Purchaser's
      counsel in connection with the qualification of the Units and Notes under
      the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions as the Initial
      Purchaser may request and continue such qualification in effect so long as
      reasonably required for Exempt Resales; provided that no Issuer shall be
      obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify
      as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities (or otherwise
      subject itself to taxation) in any jurisdiction in which it is not
      otherwise so subject.

(f)   Whether or not any of the Offering or the transactions contemplated under
      the Documents are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, to pay (i)
      all costs, expenses, fees and taxes incidental to and in connection with:
      (A) the preparation, printing and distribution of the Preliminary Offering
      Circular and the Final Offering Circular and all amendments and
      supplements thereto (including, without limitation, financial statements
      and exhibits), and all other agreements, memoranda, correspondence and
      other documents prepared and delivered in connection herewith, (B) the
      negotiation, printing, processing and distribution (including, without
      limitation, word processing and duplication costs) and delivery of, each
      of the Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement, (C) the preparation,
      issuance and delivery of the Units, (D) the qualification of the Units for
      offer and sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of the several

<PAGE>

      states (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and
      disbursements of the Initial Purchaser's counsel relating to such
      registration or qualification), (E) furnishing such copies of the
      Preliminary Offering Circular and the Final Offering Circular, and all
      amendments and supplements thereto, as may reasonably be requested for use
      by the Initial Purchaser and (F) the performance of such Obligor's
      obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement, including but not
      limited to the Exchange Offer, the Exchange Offer Registration Statement
      and any Shelf Registration Statement, (ii) all fees and expenses of the
      counsel, accountants and any other experts or advisors retained by the
      Issuers, (iii) all expenses and listing fees in connection with the
      application for quotation of the Units and, if applicable, the Notes on
      the Private Offerings, Resales and Trading Automated Linkages ("PORTAL")
      market, (iv) all fees and expenses (including, without limitation, fees
      and expenses of counsel) of the Issuers in connection with approval of the
      Units and Notes by DTC for "book-entry" transfer, (v) all fees charged by
      rating agencies in connection with the rating of the Units and the
      underlying Notes, (vi) all fees and expenses (including, without
      limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) of the Trustee, the
      Collateral Agent and all sub-collateral agents, (vii) all fees and
      expenses incurred in connection with the creation and perfection of the
      security interests under each Collateral Agreement (including, without
      limitation, filing and recording fees, search fees, and taxes) and (viii)
      all fees, disbursements and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Initial
      Purchaser in connection with its services to be rendered hereunder
      including, without limitation, the fees and disbursements of each of
      Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw LLP, special New York counsel to the Initial
      Purchaser, Van Doorne, special Dutch counsel to the Initial Purchaser, and
      Liedekerke . Wolters . Waelbroeck . Kirkpatrick, special Belgian counsel
      to the Initial Purchaser, travel and lodging expenses, word processing
      charges, messenger and duplicating services, facsimile expenses and other
      customary expenditures.

(g)   To use the proceeds of the Offering in the manner described in the Final
      Offering Circular under the caption "Use of Proceeds."

(h)   To do and perform all things required to be done or performed, both prior
      to and after the Closing Date, by such Obligor under the Documents to
      which it is a party.

(i)   Not to, and to ensure that no "affiliate" (as defined in Rule 501(b) of
      the Act) of the Issuers will, sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to
      buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any "security" (as defined in the
      Act) that would be integrated with the sale of the Units or Notes in a
      manner that would require the registration under the Act of the sale to
      the Initial Purchaser or to the Subsequent Purchasers of the Units or
      Notes.

(j)   For so long as any of the Units or any of the Notes remain outstanding,
      during any period in which the Issuers are not subject to Section 13 or
      15(d) of the Exchange Act, to make available, upon request and without
      cost, to any owner of the Units or the Notes in connection with any sale
      thereof and any prospective Subsequent Purchasers of such Units or Notes
      from such owner, the information required by Rule 144A(d)(4) under the
      Act.

(k)   To comply with the representation letter of the Issuers to DTC relating to
      the approval of the Units and Notes by DTC for "book entry" transfer.

(l)   To use their reasonable best efforts to effect the inclusion of the Units
      and, if applicable, the Notes in PORTAL and to use their reasonable best
      efforts to maintain the listing of the Units and, if applicable, the Notes
      on PORTAL for so long as the Units or the Notes are outstanding.

<PAGE>

(m)   For so long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuers will
      furnish to the Initial Purchaser copies of all reports and other
      communications (financial or otherwise) furnished by the Issuers to the
      Trustee or to the holders of the Notes and, as soon as available, copies
      of any reports or financial statements furnished to or filed by the
      Issuers with the SEC or any national securities exchange on which any
      class of securities of the Issuers may be listed.

(n)   Except in connection with the Exchange Offer or the filing of the Shelf
      Registration Statement, not to, and not to authorize or permit any person
      acting on their behalf to, (i) distribute any offering material in
      connection with the offer and sale of the Units other than the Preliminary
      Offering Circular and the Final Offering Circular and any amendments and
      supplements to the Final Offering Circular prepared in compliance with
      this Agreement, or (ii) solicit any offer to buy or offer to sell the
      Units by means of any form of general solicitation or general advertising
      (including, without limitation, as such terms are used in Regulation D
      under the Act) or in any manner involving a public offering within the
      meaning of Section 4(2) of the Act.

(o)   During the two year period after the Closing Date (or such shorter period
      as may be provided for in Rule 144(k) under the Act, as the same may be in
      effect from time to time), to not, and to not permit any current or future
      Subsidiaries of either of the Issuers or any other "affiliates" (as
      defined in Rule 144A under the Act) controlled by the Company to, resell
      any of the Units or Notes which constitute "restricted securities" under
      Rule 144 that have been reacquired by the Company, any current or future
      Subsidiaries of the Company or any other "affiliates" (as defined in Rule
      144A under the Act) controlled by the Company, except pursuant to an
      effective registration statement under the Act.

(p)   To pay all stamp, documentary and transfer taxes (other than Federal,
      state and local income taxes of the Initial Purchaser) and other duties,
      if any, which may be imposed by the United States or any political
      subdivision thereof or taxing authority thereof or therein with respect to
      the issuance of the Units or Notes or the sale thereof to the Initial
      Purchaser.

         6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE INITIAL PURCHASER. The Initial
Purchaser represents and warrants that:

(a)   It is a QIB and it will offer the Units for resale only upon and subject
      to the selling restrictions, terms and conditions set forth in this
      Agreement and in the Final Offering Circular.

(b)   It is not acquiring the Units with a view to any distribution thereof that
      would violate the Act or the securities laws of any state of the United
      States or any other applicable jurisdiction. In connection with the Exempt
      Resales, it will solicit offers to buy the Units only from, and will offer
      and sell the Units only to, (A) persons reasonably believed by the Initial
      Purchaser to be QIBs or (B) persons reasonably believed by the Initial
      Purchaser to be Accredited Investors or (C) non-U.S. persons reasonably
      believed by the Initial Purchaser to be a purchaser referred to in
      Regulation S under the Act; provided, however, that in purchasing such
      Units, such persons are deemed to have represented and agreed as provided
      under the caption "Notice to Investors" contained in the Final Offering
      Circular.

(c)   No form of general solicitation or general advertising in violation of the
      Act has been or will be used nor will any offers in any manner involving a
      public offering within the meaning of Section 4(2) of the Act or, with
      respect to Units to be sold in reliance on Regulation S, by means of any
      directed selling efforts, be made by such Initial Purchaser or any of its
      representatives in connection with the offer and sale of any of the Units.

<PAGE>

(d)   It will deliver to each Subsequent Purchaser of the Units, in connection
      with its original distribution of the Units, a copy of the Final Offering
      Circular, as amended and supplemented at the date of such delivery.

         7. CONDITIONS. The obligations of the Initial Purchaser to purchase the
Units under this Agreement are subject to the satisfaction of each of the
following conditions or waiver thereof by the Initial Purchaser:

(a)   All the representations and warranties of each Obligor and its
      Subsidiaries contained in this Agreement and in each of the Documents
      shall be true and correct as of the date hereof and at the Closing Date.
      On or prior to the Closing Date, each Obligor and each other party to the
      Documents (other than the Initial Purchaser) shall have performed or
      complied with all of the agreements and satisfied all conditions on their
      respective parts to be performed, complied with or satisfied pursuant to
      the Documents (other than conditions to be satisfied by such other
      parties, which the failure to so satisfy would not, individually or in the
      aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect).

(b)   No injunction, restraining order or order of any nature by a Governmental
      Authority shall have been issued as of the Closing Date that would prevent
      or materially interfere with the consummation of the Offering or any of
      the transactions contemplated under the Documents; and no stop order
      suspending the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the
      Units in any jurisdiction shall have been issued and no Proceeding for
      that purpose shall have been commenced or, to the knowledge of any
      Obligor, be pending or contemplated as of the Closing Date.

(c)   No action shall have been taken and no Applicable Law shall have been
      enacted, adopted or issued that would, as of the Closing Date, prevent the
      consummation of the Offering or any of the transactions contemplated under
      the Documents. No Proceeding shall be pending or, to the knowledge of any
      Obligor, threatened other than Proceedings that (A) if adversely
      determined would not, individually or in the aggregate, adversely affect
      the issuance or marketability of the Units, and (B) would not,
      individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d)   Subsequent to the respective dates as of which data and information is
      given in the Final Offering Circular, there shall not have been any
      Material Adverse Change.

(e)   The Units shall have been designated PORTAL securities in accordance with
      the rules and regulations adopted by the National Association of
      Securities Dealers, Inc. relating to trading in the PORTAL market.

(f)   On or after the date hereof, (i) there shall not have occurred any
      downgrading, suspension or withdrawal of, nor shall any notice have been
      given of any potential or intended downgrading, suspension or withdrawal
      of, or of any review (or of any potential or intended review) for a
      possible change that does not indicate the direction of the possible
      change in, any rating of the Issuers or any securities of the Issuers
      (including, without limitation, the placing of any of the foregoing
      ratings on credit watch with negative or developing implications or under
      review with an uncertain direction) by any "nationally recognized
      statistical rating organization" as such term is defined for purposes of
      Rule 436(g)(2) under the Act, (ii) there shall not have occurred any
      change, nor shall any notice have been given of any potential or intended
      change, in the outlook for any rating of the Issuers or any securities of
      the Issuers by any such rating organization and

<PAGE>

      (iii) no such rating organization shall have given notice that it has
      assigned (or is considering assigning) a lower rating to the Notes than
      that on which the Notes were marketed.

(g)   The Initial Purchaser shall have received on the Closing Date:

      (i)   certificates dated the Closing Date, signed on behalf of the Company
            by (1) the Chief Executive Officer and (2) the principal financial
            or accounting officer of the Company, on behalf of the Issuers, to
            the effect that (a) the representations and warranties set forth in
            Section 4 hereof are true and correct in all material respects with
            the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the
            Closing Date, (b) the Issuers have complied with all Documents and
            satisfied all conditions in all material respects on their part to
            be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Date, (c) at
            the Closing Date, since the date hereof or since the date of the
            most recent financial statements in the Final Offering Circular
            (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto after the date
            hereof) no event or events have occurred, no information has become
            known to any Obligor nor does any condition exist that, individually
            or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect, (d) since
            the date of the most recent financial statements in the Final
            Offering Circular (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto
            after the date hereof), other than as described in the Final
            Offering Circular or contemplated hereby or thereby, neither the
            Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company has incurred any
            liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent, not in the
            ordinary course of business, that are material to the Company and
            its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or entered into any transactions
            not in the ordinary course of business that are material to the
            business, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of
            operations or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken
            as a whole, and there has not been any change in the Capital Stock
            or long-term Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary of the
            Company that is material to the business, condition (financial or
            otherwise) or results of operations or prospects of the Company and
            its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and (e) the sale of the Units or
            Notes has not been enjoined (temporarily or permanently);

      (ii)  a certificate, dated the Closing Date, executed on behalf of the
            Company by the Secretary of each of the Issuers and each Guarantor,
            certifying such matters as the Initial Purchaser may reasonably
            request;

      (iii) a certificate of solvency, dated the Closing Date, executed on
            behalf of the Company by the principal financial or accounting
            officer of each of the Issuers substantially in the form previously
            approved by the Initial Purchaser;

      (iv)  the opinion of Golenbock Eiseman Assor Bell & Peskoe LLP, special
            New York counsel to the Obligors, dated the Closing Date, in form
            and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Initial Purchaser;

      (v)   the opinion of Allen & Overy LLP, special Dutch and Belgian counsel
            to the Obligors, dated the Closing Date, in form and substance
            reasonably satisfactory to the Initial Purchaser;

      (vi)  the opinion of Greenberg Dauber Epstein & Tucker, special New Jersey
            counsel to the Obligors, dated the Closing Date, in form and
            substance reasonably satisfactory to the Initial Purchaser;

<PAGE>

      (vii)  an opinion, dated the Closing Date, of Van Doorne, special Dutch
             counsel to the Initial Purchaser, in form and substance reasonably
             satisfactory to the Initial Purchaser;

      (viii) an opinion, dated the Closing Date, of Liedekerke . Wolters .
             Waelbroeck . Kirkpatrick, special Belgian counsel to the Initial
             Purchaser, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
             Initial Purchaser; and

      (ix)   an opinion, dated the Closing Date, of Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw
             LLP, special New York counsel to the Initial Purchaser, in form and
             substance reasonably satisfactory to the Initial Purchaser.

(h)   The Initial Purchaser shall have received from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,
      independent auditors, with respect to the Company, (A) a customary comfort
      letter, dated the date of the Final Offering Circular, in form and
      substance reasonably satisfactory to the Initial Purchaser, with respect
      to the financial statements and certain financial information contained in
      the Final Offering Circular, and (B) a customary "bring down" comfort
      letter, dated the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably
      satisfactory to the Initial Purchaser, to the effect that
      PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP reaffirms the statements made in its letter
      furnished pursuant to clause (A) above.

(i)   Each of the Documents shall have been executed and delivered by all
      parties thereto, and the Initial Purchaser shall have received a fully
      executed original of each Document.

(j)   The Initial Purchaser shall have received copies in form and substance
      reasonably satisfactory to it of all opinions, certificates, letters and
      other documents delivered or required to be delivered under or in
      connection with the Offering or any transaction contemplated in the
      Documents.

(k)   The Initial Purchaser shall have received the Final Offering Circular, and
      the terms of each Document shall conform in all material respects to the
      description thereof in the Final Offering Circular.

(l)   None of the parties to any of the Documents shall be in breach or default
      of any of their respective obligations in any material respect.

(m)   On the Closing Date, the Company shall have paid or caused to have been
      paid in cash the fees and expenses of each of Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw
      LLP, special New York counsel to the Initial Purchaser, Van Doorne,
      special Dutch counsel to the Initial Purchaser, and Liedekerke . Wolters .
      Waelbroeck . Kirkpatrick, special Belgian counsel to the Initial
      Purchaser.

(n)   The Collateral Agent shall have received for the benefit of the Secured
      Parties:

      (i)   [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]

      (ii)  [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]

      (iii) [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]

      (iv)  [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]

<PAGE>

      (v)   certificates by the relevant land registry
            (Hypotheekbewaarder/Conservateur des hypotheques) evidencing that
            (A) the real property of Phibro Animal Health SA as contemplated in
            the Mortgage Agreement is free of any mortgages, charges,
            encumbrances, liens, attachments or seizures (except for a mortgage
            created to the benefit of Collateral Agent in connection with the
            issuance of the Existing Dutch Notes), and (b) the business
            (handelszaak/fonds de commerce) of Phibro Animal Health SA
            contemplated in the Floating Charge Agreement is free of any
            pledges, charges, encumbrances, liens, attachment or seizure (except
            for the Existing Floating Charge Agreement);

      (vi)  a certified copy of the shareholders' register of Phibro Animal
            Health SA evidencing that all of the issued and outstanding capital
            stock has been pledged to and perfected by the Collateral Agent to
            the benefit of the Secured Parties; and

      (vii) such other approvals, opinions, or documents as the Collateral Agent
            may reasonably request in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
            to the Collateral Agent.

(o)   The Initial Purchaser shall be satisfied that (i) the Lien granted to the
      Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the
      Collateral is a valid and enforceable Lien (subject in priority only to
      Specified Permitted Liens); and (ii) no Lien exists on any of the
      Collateral other than the Lien created in favor of the Collateral Agent,
      for the benefit of the Secured Parties, pursuant to a Collateral
      Agreement, or Permitted Liens.

(p)   The Initial Purchaser shall have received a certificate, dated the Closing
      Date, signed by each of the Chief Executive Officer and the principal
      financial or accounting officer of the Company, on behalf of the Company,
      certifying that (i) attached thereto is a true and correct copy of an
      executed copy of the Belgium Purchase Agreement (as defined in the Second
      Supplemental Indenture), dated as of a date on or prior to the Closing
      Date, which purchase agreement shall be in form and substance reasonably
      satisfactory to the Initial Purchaser, (ii) such purchase agreement is
      effective and (iii) no default or event of default by the Company or
      Phibro Animal Health SA or, to the knowledge of the Company, the
      counterparty thereto, is outstanding under such purchase agreement.

(q)   The Initial Purchaser shall have received (i) a certificate, dated the
      Closing Date, executed by HSBC Bank USA, National Association, the
      tabulation agent for the Consent Solicitation, certifying receipt by such
      tabulation agent as to the level of valid consents from the holders of
      record of the Existing Notes, as of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on
      December 8, 2004 (as such time may be extended) and (ii) a certificate,
      dated the Closing Date, signed by each of the Chief Executive Officer and
      the principal financial or accounting officer of the Company, on behalf of
      the Company, certifying that attached thereto is a true and correct copy
      of an executed copy of the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of a
      date on or prior to the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably
      satisfactory to the Initial Purchaser, and that all procedures and other
      actions necessary to make the Second Supplemental Indenture and the
      Proposed Amendments (as defined in the Solicitation Statement) effective
      shall have been consummated on or prior to the Closing Date.

(r)   An amendment to each of the Credit Agreement and the Intercreditor
      Agreement shall have been executed and delivered by all parties thereto,
      and the Initial Purchaser shall have received a fully executed original of
      each such amendment which, in each case, shall be in form and substance
      reasonably satisfactory to the Initial Purchaser.

<PAGE>

(s)   The Initial Purchaser shall have received a written consent to the
      issuance of the Units and the Notes from Palladium Equity Partners II,
      L.P., Palladium Equity Partners II-A, L.P. and Palladium Equity Investors
      II, L.P. in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Initial
      Purchaser.

         8. INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION.

(a)   The Domestic Obligors, jointly and severally, agree and the Foreign
      Obligors, jointly and severally, agree to indemnify and hold harmless the
      Initial Purchaser, and each person, if any, who controls the Initial
      Purchaser within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the
      Exchange Act, against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities of any
      kind to which the Initial Purchaser or such controlling person may become
      subject under the Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as any such
      losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof)
      arise out of or are based upon:

      (i)   any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material
            fact contained in any Offering Circular or any amendment or
            supplement thereto; or

      (ii)  the omission or alleged omission to state, in any Offering Circular
            or any amendment or supplement thereto, a material fact required to
            be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in
            light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
            misleading;

      and, subject to the provisions hereof, will reimburse promptly upon
      demand, the Initial Purchaser and each such controlling person for any
      legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by the Initial Purchaser or
      such controlling person in connection with investigating, defending
      against or appearing as a third-party witness in connection with any such
      loss, claim, damage, liability or action in respect thereof; provided,
      however, no Obligor will be liable in any such case to the extent (but
      only to the extent) that any such loss, claim, damage or liability is
      finally judicially determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a
      final, unappealable judgment, to have resulted solely from any untrue
      statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made
      in any Offering Circular or any amendment or supplement thereto in
      reliance upon and in conformity with written information concerning the
      Initial Purchaser furnished to the Issuers by the Initial Purchaser
      specifically for use therein. This indemnity agreement will be in addition
      to any liability that such Obligors may otherwise have to the indemnified
      parties. No Obligor shall be liable under this Section 8 for any
      settlement of any claim or action effected without its prior written
      consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. This indemnity, as to
      the Preliminary Offering Circular, shall not inure to the benefit of the
      Initial Purchaser (or any person controlling such Initial Purchaser) on
      account of any loss, claim, damage or liability arising from the sale of
      Units or Notes to any person by such Initial Purchaser if such Initial
      Purchaser failed to send or give a copy of the Final Offering Circular (as
      the same may be supplemented or amended) to such person at or prior to the
      written confirmation of the sale of the Units or Notes to such person, and
      the untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged
      omission of a material fact in such Preliminary Offering Circular was
      corrected in the Final Offering Circular, unless such failure resulted
      from noncompliance by the Obligors with Section 5(b).

(b)   The Initial Purchaser agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each of the
      Obligors, their directors, officers and each person, if any, who controls
      such Obligor within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of
      the Exchange Act against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities of

<PAGE>

      any kind to which such Obligor or any such director, officer or
      controlling person may become subject under the Act, the Exchange Act or
      otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or
      actions in respect thereof) are finally judicially determined by a court
      of competent jurisdiction in a final, unappealable judgment, to have
      resulted solely from (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement
      of any material fact contained in any Offering Circular or any amendment
      or supplement thereto or (ii) the omission or the alleged omission to
      state, in any Offering Circular or any amendment or supplement thereto, a
      material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
      statements therein not misleading, in each case to the extent (but only to
      the extent) that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or
      omission or alleged omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity
      with written information concerning such Initial Purchaser, furnished to
      the Issuers or their agents by the Initial Purchaser specifically for use
      therein; and, subject to the limitation set forth immediately preceding
      this clause, will reimburse, promptly upon demand, any legal or other
      expenses incurred by such Obligor or any such director, officer or
      controlling person in connection with any such loss, claim, damage,
      liability or action in respect thereof. This indemnity agreement will be
      in addition to any liability that the Initial Purchaser may otherwise have
      to the indemnified parties.

(c)   As promptly as reasonably practical after receipt by an indemnified party
      under this Section 8 of notice of the commencement of any action for which
      such indemnified party is entitled to indemnification under this Section
      8, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be
      made against the indemnifying party under this Section 8, notify the
      indemnifying party of the commencement thereof in writing; but the
      omission to so notify the indemnifying party (i) will not relieve such
      indemnifying party from any liability under paragraph (a) or (b) above
      unless and only to the extent it is materially prejudiced as a result
      thereof and (ii) will not, in any event, relieve the indemnifying party
      from any obligations to any indemnified party other than the
      indemnification obligation provided in paragraphs (a) and (b) above. In
      case any such action is brought against any indemnified party, and it
      notifies the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the
      indemnifying party will be entitled to participate therein and, to the
      extent that it may determine, jointly with any other indemnifying party
      similarly notified, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel reasonably
      satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however, that if (i) the
      use of counsel chosen by the indemnifying party to represent the
      indemnified party would present such counsel with a conflict of interest
      under applicable standards of professional responsibility, (ii) the
      defendants in any such action include both the indemnified party and the
      indemnifying party, and the indemnified party shall have been advised by
      counsel in writing that there may be one or more legal defenses available
      to it and/or other indemnified parties that are different from or
      additional to those available to the indemnifying party, or (iii) the
      indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel reasonably satisfactory
      to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a
      reasonable time after receipt by the indemnifying party of notice of the
      institution of such action, then, in each such case, the indemnifying
      party shall not have the right to direct the defense of such action on
      behalf of such indemnified party or parties and such indemnified party or
      parties shall have the right to select separate counsel to defend such
      action on behalf of such indemnified party or parties at the expense of
      the indemnifying party. After notice from the indemnifying party to such
      indemnified party of its election so to assume the defense thereof and
      approval by such indemnified party of counsel appointed to defend such
      action, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified
      party under this Section 8 for any legal or other expenses, other than
      reasonable costs of investigation, subsequently incurred by such
      indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof, unless (i) the
      indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with
      the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence (it being understood,
      however, that in connection with such action the indemnifying party shall
      not be liable for the expenses of more than one separate counsel (in
      addition to local counsel) in any one action or separate but

<PAGE>

      substantially similar actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the
      same general allegations or circumstances, designated by the Initial
      Purchaser in the case of paragraph (a) of this Section 8 or the Domestic
      Obligors or the Foreign Obligors, as the case may be, in the case of
      paragraph (b) of this Section 8, representing the indemnified parties
      under such paragraph (a) or paragraph (b), as the case may be, who are
      parties to such action or actions) or (ii) the indemnifying party has
      authorized in writing the employment of counsel for the indemnified party
      at the expense of the indemnifying party. After such notice from the
      indemnifying party to such indemnified party, the indemnifying party will
      not be liable for the costs and expenses of any settlement of such action
      effected by such indemnified party without the prior written consent of
      the indemnifying party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld),
      unless such indemnified party waived in writing its rights under this
      Section 8, in which case the indemnified party may effect such a
      settlement without such consent.

(d)   No indemnifying party shall be liable under this Section 8 for any
      settlement of any claim or action (or threatened claim or action) effected
      without its written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, but
      if a claim or action settled with its written consent, or if there be a
      final judgment for the plaintiff with respect to any such claim or action,
      each indemnifying party jointly and severally agrees, subject to the
      exceptions and limitations set forth above, to indemnify and hold harmless
      each indemnified party from and against any and all losses, claims,
      damages or liabilities (and reasonable legal and other expenses as set
      forth above) incurred by reason of such settlement or judgment. No
      indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the
      indemnified party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld),
      effect any settlement or compromise of any pending or threatened
      proceeding in respect of which the indemnified party is or could have been
      a party, or indemnity could have been sought hereunder by the indemnified
      party, unless such settlement (A) includes an unconditional written
      release of the indemnified party, in form and substance satisfactory to
      the indemnified party, from all liability on claims that are the subject
      matter of such proceeding and (B) does not include any statement as to an
      admission of fault, culpability or failure to act by or on behalf of the
      indemnified party.

(e)   In circumstances in which the indemnity agreement provided for in the
      preceding paragraphs of this Section 8 is unavailable to, or insufficient
      to hold harmless, an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims,
      damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof), each indemnifying
      party, in order to provide for just and equitable contributions, shall
      contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a
      result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in
      respect thereof) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the
      relative benefits received by the indemnifying party or parties, on the
      one hand, and the indemnified party, on the other, from the Offering or
      (ii) if the allocation provided by the foregoing clause (i) is not
      permitted by applicable law, not only such relative benefits but also the
      relative fault of the indemnifying party or parties, on the one hand, and
      the indemnified party, on the other, in connection with the statements or
      omissions or alleged statements or omissions that resulted in such losses,
      claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof). The
      relative benefits received by the Domestic Obligors or the Foreign
      Obligors, as the case may be, on the one hand, and the Initial Purchaser,
      on the other, shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total
      proceeds from the Offering (before deducting expenses) received by the
      U.S. Issuer or the Dutch Issuer, as the case may be, bear to the total
      discounts and commissions received by the Initial Purchaser. The relative
      fault of the parties shall be determined by reference to, among other
      things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
      or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to
      information supplied by the Obligors, on the one hand, or the Initial
      Purchaser, on the other, the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access
      to information

<PAGE>

      and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission or
      alleged statement or omissions, and any other equitable considerations
      appropriate in the circumstances.

(f)   The Obligors and the Initial Purchaser agree that it would not be
      equitable if the amount of such contribution determined pursuant to the
      immediately preceding paragraph (e) were determined by pro rata or per
      capita allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take
      into account the equitable considerations referred to in the first
      sentence of the immediately preceding paragraph (e). Notwithstanding any
      other provision of this Section 8, the Initial Purchaser shall not be
      obligated to make contributions hereunder that in the aggregate exceed the
      total discounts, commissions and other compensation received by such
      Initial Purchaser under this Agreement, less the aggregate amount of any
      damages that such Initial Purchaser has otherwise been required to pay by
      reason of the untrue or alleged untrue statements or the omissions or
      alleged omissions to state a material fact. No person guilty of fraudulent
      misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) shall
      be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such
      fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of the immediately preceding
      paragraph (e), each person, if any, who controls the Initial Purchaser
      within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange
      Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Initial Purchaser,
      and each director of any Obligor, each officer of such Obligor and each
      person, if any, who controls such Obligor within the meaning of Section 15
      of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, shall have the same rights
      to contribution as such Obligor.

(g)   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) each Domestic Obligor
      is jointly and severally liable for any obligation of any other Obligor
      under this Agreement (including, without limitation, this Section 8) and
      (ii) each Foreign Obligor is jointly and severally liable for any
      obligation of any other Foreign Obligor under this Agreement (including,
      without limitation, this Section 8); provided, however, that no Foreign
      Obligor shall be liable for any obligation of any Domestic Obligor under
      this Agreement (including, without limitation, this Section 8).

         9. TERMINATION. The Initial Purchaser may terminate this Agreement at
any time prior to the Closing Date by written notice to the Issuers if any of
the following has occurred:

(a)   since the date hereof, any Material Adverse Effect or development
      involving or reasonably expected to result in a prospective Material
      Adverse Effect that could, in the Initial Purchaser's reasonable judgment,
      be expected to (i) make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with
      the offering or delivery of the Units on the terms and in the manner
      contemplated in the Final Offering Circular, or (ii) materially impair the
      investment quality of any of the Units (or underlying Notes);

(b)   the failure of the Obligors to satisfy the conditions contained in Section
      7(a) hereof on or prior to the Closing Date;

(c)   any outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or
      international calamity or crisis, including, without limitation, acts of
      terrorism, or material adverse change or disruption in economic conditions
      in, or in the financial markets of, the United States (it being understood
      that any such change or disruption shall be relative to such conditions
      and markets as in effect on the date hereof), if the effect of such
      outbreak, escalation, calamity, crisis, act or material adverse change in
      the economic conditions in, or in the financial markets of, the United
      States could be reasonably expected to make it, in the Initial Purchaser's
      sole judgment, impracticable or inadvisable to market or proceed with the
      offering or delivery of the Units on the terms and in the manner
      contemplated in the Final Offering Circular or to enforce contracts for
      the sale of any of the Units;

<PAGE>

(d)   the suspension or limitation of trading generally in securities on the New
      York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National
      Market or any setting of limitations on prices for securities on any such
      exchange or NASDAQ National Market;

(e)   the enactment, publication, decree or other promulgation after the date
      hereof of any Applicable Law that in the Initial Purchaser's counsel's
      reasonable opinion materially and adversely affects, or could be
      reasonably expected to materially and adversely affect, the properties,
      business, prospects, operations, earnings, assets, liabilities or
      condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
      taken as a whole;

(f)   any securities of either Issuer shall have been downgraded or placed on
      any "watch list" for possible downgrading by any "nationally recognized
      statistical rating organization," as such term is defined for purposes of
      Rule 436(g)(2) under the Act; or

(g)   the declaration of a banking moratorium by any Governmental Authority; or
      the taking of any action by any Governmental Authority after the date
      hereof in respect of its monetary or fiscal affairs that in the Initial
      Purchaser's opinion could reasonably be expected to have a material
      adverse effect on the financial markets in the United States or elsewhere.

         10. SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND INDEMNITIES. The representations
and warranties, covenants, indemnities and contribution and expense
reimbursement provisions and other agreements, representations and warranties of
the Obligors set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement shall remain
operative and in full force and effect, and will survive delivery of and payment
for the Units, regardless of (i) any investigation, or statement as to the
results thereof, made by or on behalf of the Initial Purchaser, (ii) acceptance
of the Units, and payment for them hereunder, and (iii) any termination of this
Agreement.

         11. DEFAULT BY THE INITIAL PURCHASER. If the Initial Purchaser shall
breach its obligations to purchase the Units that it has agreed to purchase
hereunder on the Closing Date and arrangements satisfactory to the Issuers for
the purchase of such Units are not made within 36 hours after such default, this
Agreement shall terminate with respect to such Initial Purchaser without
liability on the part of the Issuers. Nothing herein shall relieve the Initial
Purchaser from liability for its default.

         12. INFORMATION SUPPLIED BY THE INITIAL PURCHASER. The statements set
forth on the cover page with respect to price and in the first and second
sentences of the third paragraph, the fourth paragraph, the first and second
sentences of the sixth paragraph and the first and second sentences of the
seventh paragraph under the heading "Plan of Distribution" in the Offering
Circular (to the extent such statements relate to the Initial Purchaser)
constitute the only information furnished by the Initial Purchaser to the
Issuers or their Subsidiaries for the purposes of Sections 4(a) and 8 hereof.

         13. MISCELLANEOUS.

(a)   Notices given pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be
      addressed as follows: (i) if to either Issuer, to such Issuer, c/o Phibro
      Animal Health Corporation, One Parker Plaza, 400 Kelby Street, Fort Lee,
      NJ 07024 Attention: Corporate Legal Department with a copy to: Golenbock
      Eiseman Assor Bell & Peskoe LLP, 437 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022,
      Attention: Lawrence M. Bell, Esq.; and (ii) if to the Initial Purchaser,
      to: Jefferies & Company, Inc., 520 Madison Avenue, 12th Floor, New York,
      New York 10022, Attention: Lloyd H. Feller, Esq. with a copy to: Mayer,
      Brown, Rowe & Maw LLP, 1675 Broadway, New York, New York 10019-

<PAGE>

      5820, Attention: Ronald S. Brody, Esq., (or in any case to such other
      address as the person to be notified may have requested in writing).

(b)   This Agreement has been and is made solely for the benefit of and shall be
      binding upon the Obligors, the Initial Purchaser and, to the extent
      provided in Section 8 hereof, the controlling persons, officers,
      directors, partners, employees, representatives and agents referred to in
      Section 8, and their respective heirs, executors, administrators,
      successors and assigns, all as and to the extent provided in this
      Agreement, and no other person shall acquire or have any right under or by
      virtue of this Agreement. The term "successors and assigns" shall not
      include a purchaser of any of the Units or Notes from the Initial
      Purchaser merely because of such purchase. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
      it is expressly understood and agreed that each purchaser who purchases
      Notes from the Initial Purchaser is intended to be a beneficiary of the
      Obligors' covenants contained in the Registration Rights Agreement to the
      same extent as if the Notes were sold and those covenants were made
      directly to such purchaser by the Obligors, and each such purchaser shall
      have the right to take action against the Obligors to enforce, and obtain
      damages for any breach of, those covenants.

(c)   THE VALIDITY AND INTERPRETATION OF THIS AGREEMENT, AND THE TERMS AND
      CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
      ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS
      MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED WHOLLY THEREIN, WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF
      CONFLICTS OF LAW.

(d)   EACH OBLIGOR HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY (I) SUBMITS TO THE
      NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE FEDERAL AND STATE COURTS SITTING IN THE
      BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK IN ANY SUIT OR PROCEEDING
      ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS
      CONTEMPLATED HEREBY; AND (II) WAIVES (A) ITS RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN
      ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE
      TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF
      DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF THE INITIAL
      PURCHASER AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM RELATED TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING AND (B)
      ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY HAVE OR HEREAFTER MAY HAVE TO THE LAYING OF
      VENUE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT REFERRED TO ABOVE
      AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT
      FORUM.

(e)   The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and
      shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

(f)   If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held
      by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or
      unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and
      restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and
      shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties
      hereto shall use their best efforts to find and employ an alternative
      means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that
      contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is
      hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that
      they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and
      restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
      invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

<PAGE>

(g)   This Agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or
      consents to departures from the provisions hereof may be given, provided
      that the same are in writing and signed by all of the signatories hereto.

(h)   To the extent that any Obligor may be entitled to the benefit of any
      provision of law requiring the Initial Purchaser in any suit, action or
      proceeding brought in a court of The Netherlands, Belgium or other
      jurisdiction arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, any
      other Document or the transactions contemplated hereby, to post security
      for litigation costs or otherwise post a performance bond or guaranty, or
      to take any similar action, such Obligor hereby irrevocably waives such
      benefit, in each case to the fullest extent now or hereafter permitted
      under the laws of The Netherlands, Belgium or, as the case may be, such
      other jurisdictions.

(i)   This Agreement and each other Document has been negotiated and executed in
      the English language. All certificates, reports, notices and other
      documents and communications given or delivered pursuant to this Agreement
      or any other Document shall be in the English language, or accompanied by
      a certified English translation thereof. Except in the case of laws of, or
      official communications of, The Netherlands or Belgium, in the case of any
      document originally issued in a language other than English, the English
      language version of any such document shall for purposes of this Agreement
      and each other Document, and absent manifest error, control the meaning of
      the matters set forth therein.

(j)   (i)   If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court or
            otherwise, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder in United
            States dollars ("Dollars") into another currency, each Obligor
            agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that the rate of
            exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal
            banking procedures the Initial Purchaser could purchase Dollars with
            such other currency on the business day preceding that on which
            final judgment is given.

      (ii)  The obligation of each Obligor in respect of any sum due from it to
            the Initial Purchaser shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a
            currency other than Dollars, be discharged only to the extent that
            on the business day following receipt by the Initial Purchaser of
            any sum adjudged to be so due in such other currency the Initial
            Purchaser may, in accordance with normal banking procedures,
            purchase Dollars with such other currency; in the event that the
            Dollars so purchased are less than the sum originally due to the
            Initial Purchaser in Dollars, such Obligor, as a separate obligation
            and notwithstanding any such judgment, hereby indemnifies and holds
            harmless the Initial Purchaser against such loss.

<PAGE>

         Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth the agreement
among the Issuers, the Guarantors and the Initial Purchaser.

                                         Very truly yours,

                                         PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH CORPORATION

                                         By: /s/ Jack C. Bendheim
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Name: Jack C. Bendheim
                                             Title President

                                         PHILIPP BROTHERS NETHERLANDS III B.V.

                                         By: /s/ Jack C. Bendheim
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Name: Jack C. Bendheim
                                             Title Managing Director

                                         By: /s/ Joseph Katzenstein
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Name: Joseph Katzenstein
                                             Title Managing Director

                                      DOMESTIC GUARANTORS:
                                      PRINCE AGRIPRODUCTS, INC.
                                      PHIBROCHEM, INC.
                                      PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH HOLDINGS, INC.
                                      PHIBRO CHEMICALS, INC.
                                      WESTERN MAGNESIUM CORP.
                                      C P CHEMICALS, INC.
                                      PHIBRO-TECH, INC.
                                      PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH U.S., INC.

                                      By: /s/ David C. Storbeck
                                          -----------------------------------
                                          Name: David C. Storbeck
                                          Title: Vice President

                                      FOREIGN GUARANTORS:
                                      PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH SA

                                      By: /s/ Jack C. Bendheim
                                          -----------------------------------
                                          Name: Jack C. Bendheim
                                          Title: Manager

<PAGE>

Accepted and Agreed to:
JEFFERIES & COMPANY, INC.

By: /s/ Richard A. Goldenberg
    ------------------------------
    Name: Richard A. Goldenberg
    Title: Managing Director

<PAGE>

                                                                      SCHEDULE I

                              LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Name of Subsidiary                                        Jurisdiction of Organization
- ------------------                                        ----------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>
Phibro Animal Health Holdings, Inc.                                 Delaware
     Phibro Animal Health U.S., Inc.                                Delaware
     Philibro Animal Health de Argentina SRL.                       Argentina
     Phibro Animal Health Pty Ltd.                                  Australia
     Phibro Animal Health, Ltd.                                      Canada
     Philipp Brothers Animal Health de Chile SRL.                     Chile
     Phibro Animal Health de Costa Rica Ltda.                      Costa Rica
     Phibro Corporation Limited.                                    Hong Kong
     Phibro (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd                                      Malaysia
     Philipp Brothers Animal Health de Mexico SRL.                   Mexico
     Phibro Animal Health (Pty) Ltd.                              South Africa
     Philibro Animal Health de Venezuela SRL.                       Venezuela
     PAH Management Company Limited.                             United Kingdom
     Philipp Brothers Netherlands I B.V.                         The Netherlands
          Philipp Brothers Netherlands II B.V.                   The Netherlands
              Philipp Brothers Netherlands III B.V.              The Netherlands
                  Phibro Animal Health SA(1)                         Belgium
              Phibro Saude Animal International Ltda.(2)             Brazil
Prince Agripoducts, Inc.                                            Delaware
Koffolk (1949), Ltd.                                                 Israel
     Koffimex Ltd.(3)                                                Israel
     Agrozan, Ltd.                                                   Israel
     Planalquimica Industrial Ltda.                                  Brazil
     Wychem Limited(4)                                           United Kingdom
Prince MFG, LLC*                                                    Delaware
     PMC Quincy, Inc.*                                              Illinois
Ferro Metal and Chemical Corporation Limited                     United Kingdom
     D.G. Benett Chemicals Limited.                              United Kingdom
     Ferro Metal & Chemical Company Ltd.                         United Kingdom
PhibroChem, Inc.                                                   New Jersey
Western Magnesium Corp.                                            California
MRT Holdings, LLC*                                                  Delaware
CP Chemicals, Inc.                                                 New Jersey
     Phibro-Tech, Inc.(5)                                           Delaware
          L.C. Holding S.A.                                          France
              La Cornubia S.A.                                       France
Phibro Chemicals, Inc.                                              New York
Odda Holdings AS                                                     Norway
     Odda Smelteverk AS.                                             Norway
</TABLE>

- ------------------
(1)   All shares owned by Philipp Brothers Netherlands III B.V. other than one
      share owned by PhibroChem, Inc.

(2)   All shares owned by Philipp Brothers Netherlands II B.V. other than one
      share owned by PhibroChem, Inc.

(3)   760, 984 shares owned by Koffolk (1949), Ltd. and 1 share owned by
      Agrozan, Ltd.

(4)   200,000 "A" Shares owned by Ferro Metal and Chemical Corporation Limited.
      and 600,000 "B" Shares owned by Koffolk (1949), Ltd.

(5)   Owned 97.86% by CP Chemicals, Inc. and 2.14% by James O. Herlands.

<PAGE>

                                                                     SCHEDULE II

                        COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS

1.    Agreement between Union Local No. 822, District 55 International
      Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, AFL-CIO and The Prince
      Manufacturing Company, dated April 17, 2000.

2.    Agreement between Prince Agri Products, Inc. and Teamsters Local 238,
      effective July 20, 2002.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.38
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>y04136exv10w38.txt
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.38

                        PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH CORPORATION

                                       AND

                      PHILIPP BROTHERS NETHERLANDS III B.V.

                           22,491 UNITS CONSISTING OF

     $18,207,000 13% SENIOR SECURED NOTES DUE 2007 OF PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH
                                  CORPORATION
                                       AND
  $4,284,000 13% SENIOR SECURED NOTES DUE 2007 OF PHILIPP BROTHERS NETHERLANDS
                                    III B.V.

                          REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

                                                               December 21, 2004

JEFFERIES & COMPANY, INC.
11100 Santa Monica Blvd., 10th Floor
Los Angeles, California 90025

Ladies and Gentlemen:

      Phibro Animal Health Corporation, a New York corporation (the "Company")
and Philipp Brothers Netherlands III B.V., a Dutch company with limited
liability and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ("Philipp
Brothers Netherlands" and, together with the Company, the "Issuers") are issuing
and selling to Jefferies & Company, Inc. (the "Initial Purchaser"), upon the
terms set forth in the Purchase Agreement dated December 9, 2004, by and among
the Issuers, the Initial Purchaser and the subsidiary guarantors named therein
(the "Purchase Agreement"), 22,491 Units (each, a "Unit" and collectively, the
"Units"), each Unit consisting of $809.5238095 principal amount of 13% Senior
Secured Notes due 2007 issued by the Company (the "U.S. Notes") and $190.4761905
principal amount of 13% Senior Secured Notes due 2007 issued by Phillip Brothers
Netherlands (the "Dutch Notes" and, together with U.S. Notes, the "Notes"). As
an inducement to the Initial Purchaser to enter into the Purchase Agreement, the
Issuers and the Guarantors (as defined below) agree with the Initial Purchaser,
for the benefit of the Holders (as defined below) of the Units (including,
without limitation, the Initial Purchaser), as follows:

1.    DEFINITIONS

      Capitalized terms that are used herein without definition and are defined
in the Purchase Agreement shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in
the Purchase Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall
have the following meanings:

      ADDITIONAL INTEREST: See Section 4(a).

      ADVICE: See Section 6(v).

      AGREEMENT: This Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of the Closing
Date, among the Issuers, the Guarantors and the Initial Purchaser.

<PAGE>

      APPLICABLE PERIOD: See Section 2(e).

      BUSINESS DAY: A day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which
banking institutions in the City of New York are authorized or required by law
or executive order to be closed.

      CLOSING DATE: December 21, 2004.

      COLLATERAL AGREEMENTS: Shall have the meaning set forth in the Indenture.

      COMPANY: See the introductory paragraph to this Agreement.

      DAY: Unless otherwise expressly provided, a calendar day.

      DUTCH NOTES: See the introductory paragraph to this Agreement.

      EFFECTIVENESS DATE: The 180th day after the Closing Date.

      EFFECTIVENESS PERIOD: See Section 3(a).

      EVENT DATE: See Section 4(b).

      EXCHANGE ACT: The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the
rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

      EXCHANGE DUTCH NOTES: The Senior Secured Notes due 2007 of Philipp
Brothers Netherlands, identical in all material respects to the Dutch Notes,
including the guarantees endorsed thereon, except for restrictive legends and
additional interest provisions.

      EXCHANGE NOTES: The Exchange U.S. Notes and the Exchange Dutch Notes.

      EXCHANGE OFFER: See Section 2(a).

      EXCHANGE REGISTRATION STATEMENT: See Section 2(a).

      EXCHANGE UNITS: Units, each consisting of $809.5238095 principal amount of
Exchange U.S. Notes and $190.4761905 principal amount of Exchange Dutch Notes.

      EXCHANGE U.S. NOTES: The Senior Secured Notes due 2007 of the Company,
identical in all material respects to the U.S. Notes, including the guarantees
endorsed thereon, except for restrictive legends and additional interest
provisions.

      FILING DATE: The 120th day after the Closing Date.

      GUARANTORS: Shall mean the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors with
respect to the U.S. Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantors with respect to the
Dutch Notes.

      HOLDER: Any registered holder of Registrable Units.

<PAGE>

      INDEMNIFIED PARTY: See Section 8(c).

      INDEMNIFYING PARTY: See Section 8(c).

      INDENTURE: The Indenture, dated as of October 21, 2003, among the Issuers,
the Subsidiary Guarantors and HSBC Bank USA, National Association as trustee,
pursuant to which the Units are being issued, as amended or supplemented from
time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

      INITIAL PURCHASER: See the introductory paragraph to this Agreement.

      INITIAL SHELF REGISTRATION: See Section 3(a).

      INSPECTORS: See Section 6(o).

      ISSUERS: See the introductory paragraph to this Agreement.

      LOSSES: See Section 8(a).

      NASD: National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.

      NOTES: See the introductory paragraph to this Agreement.

      PARTICIPATING BROKER-DEALER: See Section 2(e).

      PERSON: An individual, trustee, corporation, partnership, limited
liability company, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association,
union, business association, firm, government or agency or political subdivision
thereof, or other legal entity.

      PHILIPP BROTHERS NETHERLANDS: See the introductory paragraph to this
Agreement.

      PRIVATE EXCHANGE: See Section 2(f).

      PRIVATE EXCHANGE NOTES: See Section 2(f).

      PRIVATE EXCHANGE UNITS: See Section 2(f).

      PROSPECTUS: The prospectus included in any Registration Statement
(including, without limitation, a prospectus that discloses information
previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration
statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated under the Securities Act), as
amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms
of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Units covered by such
Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the
Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated
by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.

      PURCHASE AGREEMENT: See the introductory paragraph to this Agreement.

      RECORDS: See Section 6(o).

<PAGE>

      REGISTRABLE UNITS: (i) Units, (ii) Private Exchange Units and (iii)
Exchange Units received in the Exchange Offer, in each case, that may not be
sold free of the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the
Securities Act.

      REGISTRATION STATEMENT: Any registration statement of the Issuers and the
Guarantors filed with the SEC under the Securities Act (including, but not
limited to, the Exchange Registration Statement, the Shelf Registration and any
subsequent Shelf Registration) that covers any of the Registrable Units pursuant
to the provisions of this Agreement, including the Prospectus, amendments and
supplements to such registration statement, including post-effective amendments,
all exhibits and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be
incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

      RULE 144: Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, as such Rule may
be amended from time to time, or any similar rule (other than Rule 144A) or
regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC providing for offers and sales of
securities made in compliance therewith resulting in offers and sales by
subsequent holders that are not affiliates of an issuer or such securities being
free of the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities
Act.

      RULE 144A: Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act, as such Rule
may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule (other than Rule 144) or
regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC.

      RULE 415: Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act, as such Rule may
be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter
adopted by the SEC.

      RULE 430A: Rule 430A promulgated under the Securities Act, as such Rule
may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter
adopted by the SEC.

      SEC: The Securities and Exchange Commission.

      SECURITIES: The Units, the Exchange Units and the Private Exchange Units
(including the underlying Notes, the Exchange Notes and the Private Exchange
Notes, respectively).

      SECURITIES ACT: The Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and
regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

      SEPARATION EVENT: Shall have the meaning set forth in the Indenture.

      SHELF NOTICE: See Section 2(j).

      SHELF REGISTRATION: See Section 3(b).

      SUBSEQUENT SHELF REGISTRATION: See Section 3(b).

      SUBSIDIARY GUARANTOR: Each subsidiary of the Company that guarantees the
obligations of the Issuers under the Notes and the Indenture.

      TIA: The Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.

<PAGE>

      TRUSTEE: The trustee under the Indenture and, if existent, the trustee
under any indenture governing the Exchange Units and Private Exchange Units (if
any).

      UNDERWRITTEN REGISTRATION OR UNDERWRITTEN OFFERING: A registration in
which securities of the Issuers are sold to an underwriter for reoffering to the
public.

      UNITS: See the introductory paragraph to this Agreement.

      U.S. NOTES: See the introductory paragraph to this Agreement.

2.    EXCHANGE OFFER

      (a)   Unless the Exchange Offer would not be permitted by applicable laws
            or a policy of the SEC, the Issuers shall (and shall cause each
            Guarantor with respect to its guarantee to) (i) prepare and file
            with the SEC by the Filing Date, a registration statement (the
            "Exchange Registration Statement") on an appropriate form under the
            Securities Act with respect to an offer (the "Exchange Offer") to
            the Holders of Units to issue and deliver to such Holders, in
            exchange for the Units, a like number of Exchange Units, (ii) use
            their reasonable best efforts to cause the Exchange Registration
            Statement to become effective by the Effectiveness Date, (iii) use
            their reasonable best efforts to keep the Exchange Registration
            Statement effective for not less than 20 Business Days after the
            Exchange Registration Statement is declared effective, and (iv) use
            their reasonable best efforts to issue on or prior to 30 days after
            the date on which the Exchange Registration Statement is declared
            effective, Exchange Units in exchange for all Units tendered prior
            thereto in the Exchange Offer. The Exchange Offer shall not be
            subject to any conditions, other than that the Exchange Offer does
            not violate applicable law or any applicable interpretation of the
            staff of the SEC.

      (b)   The Exchange Units and the underlying Exchange Notes shall be issued
            under, and entitled to the benefits of, (i) the Indenture or a trust
            indenture that is identical to the Indenture (other than such
            changes as are necessary to comply with any requirements of the SEC
            to effect or maintain the qualifications thereof under the TIA) and
            (ii) the Collateral Agreements.

      (c)   Interest on the Exchange Notes and Private Exchange Notes will
            accrue from the last interest payment date on which interest was
            paid on the Notes surrendered in exchange therefor or, if no
            interest has been paid on the Notes, from the date of original issue
            of the Notes. Each Exchange Note and Private Exchange Note shall
            bear interest at the rate set forth thereon; provided, that interest
            with respect to the period prior to the issuance thereof shall
            accrue at the rate or rates borne by the Notes from time to time
            during such period.

      (d)   The Issuers may require each Holder as a condition to participation
            in the Exchange Offer to represent (i) that any Exchange Units
            received by it will be acquired in the ordinary course of its
            business, (ii) that at the time of the commencement and consummation
            of the Exchange Offer such Holder has not entered into any
            arrangement or understanding with any Person to participate in

<PAGE>

            the distribution (within the meaning of the Securities Act) of the
            Exchange Units in violation of the provisions of the Securities Act,
            (iii) that if such Holder is an "affiliate" of the either of the
            Issuers or a Guarantor within the meaning of Rule 405 of the
            Securities Act, it will comply with the registration and prospectus
            delivery requirements of the Securities Act to the extent applicable
            to it, (iv) if such Holder is not a broker-dealer, that it is not
            engaged in, and does not intend to engage in, the distribution of
            the Units and (v) if such Holder is a Participating Broker-Dealer,
            that it will deliver a Prospectus in connection with any resale of
            the Exchange Units.

      (e)   The Issuers shall include within the Prospectus contained in the
            Exchange Registration Statement a section entitled "Plan of
            Distribution" which shall contain a summary statement of the
            positions taken or policies made by the staff of the SEC with
            respect to the potential "underwriter" status of any broker-dealer
            that is the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the
            Exchange Act) of Exchange Units received by such broker-dealer in
            the Exchange Offer for its own account in exchange for Units that
            were acquired by it as a result of market-making or other trading
            activity (a "Participating Broker-Dealer"), whether such positions
            or policies have been publicly disseminated by the staff of the SEC
            or such positions or policies, in the judgment of the Initial
            Purchaser, represent the prevailing views of the staff of the SEC.
            Such "Plan of Distribution" section shall also allow, to the extent
            permitted by applicable policies and regulations of the SEC, the use
            of the Prospectus by all Persons subject to the prospectus delivery
            requirements of the Securities Act, including, to the extent so
            permitted, all Participating Broker-Dealers, and include a statement
            describing the manner in which Participating Broker-Dealers may
            resell the Exchange Units. The Issuers shall use their reasonable
            best efforts to keep the Exchange Registration Statement effective
            and to amend and supplement the Prospectus contained therein, in
            order to permit such Prospectus to be lawfully delivered by all
            Persons subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the
            Securities Act for such period of time as such Persons must comply
            with such requirements in order to resell the Exchange Units (the
            "Applicable Period").

      (f)   If, upon consummation of the Exchange Offer, the Initial Purchaser
            holds any Units acquired by it and having the status of an unsold
            allotment in the initial distribution, the Issuers (upon the written
            request from the Initial Purchaser) shall, simultaneously with the
            delivery of the Exchange Units in the Exchange Offer, issue and
            deliver to the Initial Purchaser, in exchange (the "Private
            Exchange") for the Units held by the Initial Purchaser, a like
            principal amount of Exchange Units that are identical to the Units,
            except for the existence of restrictions on transfer thereof under
            the Securities Act and securities laws of the several states of the
            United States (the "Private Exchange Units" and the Exchange Notes
            underlying the Units the "Private Exchange Notes") (and which are
            issued pursuant to the same indenture as the Exchange Units and
            Exchange Notes). The Private Exchange Units shall bear the same
            CUSIP number as the Exchange Units.

<PAGE>

      (g)   In connection with the Exchange Offer, the Issuers shall (and shall
            cause each Subsidiary Guarantor to):

            (i)   mail to each Holder a copy of the Prospectus forming part of
                  the Exchange Registration Statement, together with an
                  appropriate letter of transmittal that is an exhibit to the
                  Exchange Offer Registration Statement, and any related
                  documents;

            (ii)  keep the Exchange Offer open for not less than 20 Business
                  Days after the date on which the Exchange Registration
                  Statement is declared effective;

            (iii) utilize the services of a depository for the Exchange Offer
                  with an address in the Borough of Manhattan, the City of New
                  York, which may be the Trustee or an affiliate thereof;

            (iv)  permit Holders to withdraw tendered Registrable Units at any
                  time prior to the close of business, New York time, on the
                  last Business Day on which the Exchange Offer shall remain
                  open; and

            (v)   otherwise comply in all material respects with all applicable
                  laws.

      (h)   As soon as practicable after the close of the Exchange Offer or the
            Private Exchange, as the case may be, the Issuers shall (and shall
            cause each Subsidiary Guarantor to):

            (i)   accept for exchange all Registrable Units validly tendered
                  pursuant to the Exchange Offer or the Private Exchange, as the
                  case may be, and not validly withdrawn;

            (ii)  deliver to the Trustee for cancellation all Registrable Units
                  so accepted for exchange; and

            (iii) cause the Trustee to authenticate and deliver promptly to each
                  Holder tendering such Registrable Units, Exchange Units or
                  Private Exchange Units (and the underlying Exchange Notes and
                  Private Exchange Notes), as the case may be, equal in
                  principal amount to the Units of such Holder so accepted for
                  exchange.

      (i)   The Exchange Units and the Private Exchange Units (and the
            underlying Exchange Notes and Private Exchange Notes) may be issued
            under (i) the Indenture or (ii) an indenture identical to the
            Indenture (other than such changes as are necessary to comply with
            any requirements of the SEC to effect or maintain the qualification
            thereof under the TIA), which in either event will provide that the
            Exchange Units will not be subject to the transfer restrictions set
            forth in the Indenture, and that the Exchange Units, the Private
            Exchange Units and the Units, if any, will be deemed one class of
            security (subject to the provisions of the Indenture) and entitled
            to participate in all the respective security granted by the

<PAGE>

            Issuers pursuant to the Collateral Agreements and in any Subsidiary
            Guarantee (as such terms are defined in the Indenture) on an equal
            and ratable basis.

      (j)   If: (i) applicable interpretations of the staff of the SEC would not
            permit the consummation of the Exchange Offer; (ii) subsequent to
            the consummation of the Private Exchange, any Holder of Private
            Exchange Units so requests; (iii) the Exchange Offer is not
            consummated by the 210th day following the Closing Date; or (iv) (A)
            any Holder is prohibited by law or Commission policy form
            participating in the Exchange Offer, (B) if the Initial Purchaser so
            requests with respect to Units not eligible to be exchanged for
            Exchange Units in the Exchange Offer, (C) any Holder participating
            in the Exchange Offer receives Exchange Units that may not be sold
            without restriction under state and federal securities laws (other
            than due solely to the status of such Holder as an affiliate of the
            Issuers within the meaning of the Securities Act) or (D) any
            broker-dealer holds Units acquired directly from the Issuers or any
            of their affiliates and, in each such case contemplated by this
            clause (v), and such Holder notifies the Issuers within six months
            of consummation of the Exchange Offer, then the Issuers shall
            promptly (and in any event within five Business Days) deliver to the
            Holders (or in the case of an occurrence of any event described in
            clause (v) of this Section 2(j), to any such Holder) and the Trustee
            written notice thereof (the "Shelf Notice") and shall promptly (but
            in no event later than the Shelf Filing Date) file an Initial Shelf
            Registration pursuant to Section 3.

3.    SHELF REGISTRATION

      If a Shelf Notice is delivered pursuant to Section 2(j), then this Section
3 shall apply to all Registrable Units. Otherwise, upon consummation of the
Exchange Offer in accordance with Section 2, the provisions of this Section 3
shall apply solely with respect to (i) Units held by any Holder thereof not
permitted to participate in the Exchange Offer, (ii) Units held by any
broker-dealer that acquired such Units directly from the Issuers or any of their
affiliates and (iii) Exchange Units that are not freely tradeable as
contemplated by Section 2(j)(v) hereof, provided in each case that the relevant
Holder has duly notified the Issuers within six months of the Exchange Offer as
required by Section 2(j)(v).

      (a)   Initial Shelf Registration. The Issuers shall (and shall cause each
            Subsidiary Guarantor to), promptly, file with the SEC a Registration
            Statement for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant
            to Rule 415 covering all of the Registrable Units (the "Initial
            Shelf Registration"). If the Issuers (and any Subsidiary Guarantor)
            have not yet filed an Exchange Registration Statement, the Issuers
            shall (and shall cause each Subsidiary Guarantor to) file with the
            SEC the Initial Shelf Registration on or prior to the Filing Date
            and shall use their reasonable best efforts to cause such Initial
            Shelf Registration to be declared effective under the Securities Act
            on or prior to the Effectiveness Date. Otherwise, the Issuers shall
            (and shall cause each Subsidiary Guarantor to) use their reasonable
            best efforts to file with the SEC the Initial Shelf Registration
            within 30 days of the delivery of the Shelf Notice and shall use
            their reasonable best efforts to cause such Shelf Registration to be
            declared effective under the

<PAGE>

            Securities Act as promptly as practicable thereafter (but in no
            event more than 90 days after delivery of the Shelf Notice). The
            Initial Shelf Registration shall be on Form S-1 or another
            appropriate form permitting registration of such Registrable Units
            for resale by Holders in the manner or manners reasonably designated
            by them (including, without limitation, one or more underwritten
            offerings). The Issuers and Subsidiary Guarantors shall not permit
            any securities other than the Registrable Units to be included in
            any Shelf Registration. The Issuers shall (and shall cause each
            Subsidiary Guarantor to) use their reasonable best efforts to keep
            the Initial Shelf Registration continuously effective under the
            Securities Act until the date which is 24 months from the Closing
            Date (subject to extension pursuant to the last paragraph of Section
            6(v) (the "Effectiveness Period"), or such shorter period ending
            when (i) all Registrable Units covered by the Initial Shelf
            Registration have been sold in the manner set forth and as
            contemplated in the Initial Shelf Registration (ii) a Subsequent
            Shelf Registration covering all of the Registrable Units covered by
            and not sold under the Initial Shelf Registration or an earlier
            Subsequent Shelf Registration has been declared effective under the
            Securities Act or (iii) there cease to be any outstanding
            Registrable Units.

      (b)   Subsequent Shelf Registrations. If the Initial Shelf Registration or
            any Subsequent Shelf Registration (as defined below) ceases to be
            effective for any reason at any time during the Effectiveness Period
            (other than because of the sale of all of the securities registered
            thereunder), the Issuers shall (and shall cause each Subsidiary
            Guarantor to) use their reasonable best efforts to obtain the prompt
            withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness thereof, and in
            any event shall within 30 days of such cessation of effectiveness
            amend such Shelf Registration in a manner designed to obtain the
            withdrawal of the order suspending the effectiveness thereof, or
            file (and cause each Subsidiary Guarantor to file) an additional
            "shelf" Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 415 covering all of
            the Registrable Units (a "Subsequent Shelf Registration"). If a
            Subsequent Shelf Registration is filed, the Issuers shall (and shall
            cause each Subsidiary Guarantor to) use their reasonable best
            efforts to cause the Subsequent Shelf Registration to be declared
            effective as soon as practicable after such filing and to keep such
            Subsequent Shelf Registration continuously effective for a period
            equal to the number of days in the Effectiveness Period less the
            aggregate number of days during which the Initial Shelf Registration
            or any Subsequent Shelf Registration was previously effective. As
            used herein the term "Shelf Registration" means the Initial Shelf
            Registration and any Subsequent Shelf Registrations

      (c)   Supplements and Amendments. The Issuers shall promptly supplement
            and amend any Shelf Registration if required by the rules,
            regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form used
            for such Shelf Registration, if required by the Securities Act, or
            if requested in writing by the Holders of a majority in aggregate
            principal amount of the Registrable Units covered by such Shelf
            Registration or if reasonably requested by any underwriter of such
            Registrable Units.

<PAGE>

4.    ADDITIONAL INTEREST

      (a)   The Issuers acknowledge and agree that the Holders of Registrable
            Units will suffer damages if the Issuers fail to fulfill their
            material obligations under Section 2 or Section 3 hereof and that it
            would not be feasible to ascertain the extent of such damages with
            precision. Accordingly, the Issuers agree to pay additional cash
            interest on the Notes ("Additional Interest") under the
            circumstances and to the extent set forth below (each of which shall
            be given independent effect):

            (i)   if neither the Exchange Registration Statement nor the Initial
                  Shelf Registration has been filed on or prior to the Filing
                  Date, Additional Interest shall accrue on the Notes over and
                  above any stated interest at a rate of 0.25% per annum of the
                  principal amount of such Notes for the first 90 days
                  immediately following the Filing Date, such Additional
                  Interest rate increasing by an additional 0.25% per annum at
                  the beginning of each subsequent 90-day period;

            (ii)  if neither the Exchange Registration Statement nor the Initial
                  Shelf Registration is declared effective on or prior to the
                  Effectiveness Date, Additional Interest shall accrue on the
                  Notes over and above any stated interest at a rate of 0.25%
                  per annum of the principal amount of such Notes for the first
                  90 days immediately following the Effectiveness Date, such
                  Additional Interest rate increasing by an additional 0.25% per
                  annum at the beginning of each subsequent 90-day period;

            (iii) if (A) the Issuers have not exchanged Exchange Units for all
                  Units validly tendered in accordance with the terms of the
                  Exchange Offer on or prior to 30 days after the Effectiveness
                  Date, (B) the Exchange Registration Statement ceases to be
                  effective at any time prior to the expiration of 20 Business
                  Days thereafter, (C) if applicable, a Shelf Registration has
                  been declared effective and such Shelf Registration ceases to
                  be effective at any time prior to the second anniversary of
                  its effective date (other than such time as all Units have
                  been disposed of thereunder) and is not declared effective
                  again within 30 days, or (D) pending the announcement of a
                  material corporate transaction, the Issuers issue a written
                  notice pursuant to Section 6(e)(v) or (vi) that a Shelf
                  Registration Statement or Exchange Registration Statement is
                  unusable and the aggregate number of days in any 365-day
                  period for which all such notices issued or required to be
                  issued, have been, or were required to be, in effect exceeds
                  120 days in the aggregate or 30 days consecutively, in the
                  case of a Shelf Registration statement, or 15 days in the
                  aggregate in the case of an Exchange Registration Statement,
                  then Additional Interest shall accrue on the Notes, over and
                  above any stated interest, at a rate of 0.25% per annum of the
                  principal amount of such Notes commencing on (w) the 31st day
                  after the Effectiveness Date, in the case of (A) above, or (x)
                  the date the Exchange Registration Statement ceases to be
                  effective without being declared effective again within 30
                  days, in the case of clause (B) above, or (y) the

<PAGE>

                  day such Shelf Registration ceases to be effective in the case
                  of (C) above, or (z) the day the Exchange Registration
                  Statement or Shelf Registration ceases to be usable in case of
                  clause (D) above, such Additional Interest rate increasing by
                  an additional 0.25% per annum at the beginning of each such
                  subsequent 90-day period;

            provided, however, that the maximum Additional Interest rate on the
            Notes may not exceed at any one time in the aggregate 1.00% per
            annum; and provided further, that (1) upon the filing of the
            Exchange Registration Statement or Initial Shelf Registration (in
            the case of (i) above), (2) upon the effectiveness of the Exchange
            Registration Statement or Initial Shelf Registration (in the case of
            (ii) above), or (3) upon the exchange of Exchange Units for all
            Units tendered (in the case of (iii)(A) above), or upon the
            effectiveness of the Exchange Registration Statement that had ceased
            to remain effective (in the case of clause (iii)(B) above), or upon
            the effectiveness of a Shelf Registration which had ceased to remain
            effective (in the case of (iii)(C) above), Additional Interest on
            the Notes as a result of such clause (or the relevant subclause
            thereof) or upon the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or
            Exchange Registration Statement (in the case of clause (iii)(D)
            above), as the case may be, shall cease to accrue.

      (b)   The Issuers shall notify the Trustee within 5 Business Days after
            each and every date on which an event occurs in respect of which
            Additional Interest is required to be paid (an "Event Date"). Any
            amounts of Additional Interest due pursuant to clause (a)(i),
            (a)(ii) or (a)(iii) of this Section 4 will be payable in cash, on
            the dates and in the manner provided in the Indenture and whether or
            not any cash interest would then be payable on such date, commencing
            with the first such semi-annual date occurring after any such
            Additional Interest commences to accrue. The amount of Additional
            Interest will be determined by multiplying the applicable Additional
            Interest rate by the principal amount of the Notes, multiplied by a
            fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days such
            Additional Interest rate was applicable during such period
            (determined on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve
            30-day months and, in the case of a partial month, the actual number
            of days elapsed), and the denominator of which is 360.

5.    HOLD-BACK AGREEMENTS

      The Issuers agree that they will not effect any public or private sale or
distribution (including a sale pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities
Act) of any securities the same as or similar to those covered by a Registration
Statement filed pursuant to Section 2 or 3 hereof (other than Additional Units
(as defined in the Indenture) issued under the Indenture), or any securities
convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for such securities, during the
10 days prior to, and during the 90-day period beginning on, the effective date
of any Registration Statement filed pursuant to Sections 2 and 3 hereof unless
the Holders of a majority in the aggregate principal amount of the Registrable
Units to be included in such Registration Statement consent, if the managing
underwriter thereof so requests in writing.

<PAGE>

6.    REGISTRATION PROCEDURES

      In connection with the filing of any Registration Statement pursuant to
Sections 2 or 3 hereof, the Issuers shall (and shall cause each Subsidiary
Guarantor to) effect such registrations to permit the sale of such securities
covered thereby in accordance with the intended method or methods of disposition
thereof, and pursuant thereto and in connection with any Registration Statement
filed by the Issuers hereunder, the Issuers shall (and shall cause each
Subsidiary Guarantor to):

      (a)   Prepare and file with the SEC on or prior to the Filing Date, the
            Exchange Registration Statement or if the Exchange Registration
            Statement is not filed because of the circumstances contemplated by
            Section 2(j), a Shelf Registration as prescribed by Section 3, and
            use their reasonable best efforts to cause each such Registration
            Statement to become effective and remain effective as provided
            herein; provided that, if (1) a Shelf Registration is filed pursuant
            to Section 3 or (2) a Prospectus contained in an Exchange
            Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section 2 is required to be
            delivered under the Securities Act by any Participating
            Broker-Dealer who seeks to sell Exchange Units during the Applicable
            Period relating thereto, before filing any Registration Statement or
            Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto the Issuers
            shall (and shall cause each Subsidiary Guarantor to), if requested,
            furnish to and afford the Holders of the Registrable Units to be
            registered pursuant to such Shelf Registration Statement, each
            Participating Broker-Dealer, the managing underwriters, if any, and
            each of their respective counsel, a reasonable opportunity to review
            copies of all such documents (including copies of any documents to
            be incorporated by reference therein and all exhibits thereto)
            proposed to be filed (in each case at least 5 Business Days prior to
            such filing). The Issuers and each Subsidiary Guarantor shall not
            file any such Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendments
            or supplements thereto in respect of which the Holders must provide
            information for the inclusion therein without the Holders being
            afforded an opportunity to review such documentation if the holders
            of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Registrable Units
            covered by such Registration Statement, or any such Participating
            Broker-Dealer, as the case may be, the managing underwriters, if
            any, or any of their respective counsel shall reasonably object in
            writing on a timely basis. A Holder shall be deemed to have
            reasonably objected to such filing if such Registration Statement,
            amendment, Prospectus or supplement, as applicable, as proposed to
            be filed, contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits
            to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein
            not misleading or fails to comply with the applicable requirements
            of the Securities Act.

      (b)   Provide an indenture trustee for the Registrable Units, the Exchange
            Units or the Private Exchange Units, as the case may be, and cause
            the Indenture (or other indenture relating to the Registrable Units)
            to be qualified under the TIA not later than the effective date of
            the first Registration Statement; and in connection therewith, to
            effect such changes to such indenture as may be required for such
            indenture to be so qualified in accordance with the terms of the
            TIA; and execute,

<PAGE>

            and use their reasonable best efforts to cause such trustee to
            execute, all documents as may be required to effect such changes,
            and all other forms and documents required to be filed with the SEC
            to enable such indenture to be so qualified in a timely manner.

      (c)   Prepare and file with the SEC such pre-effective amendments and
            post-effective amendments to each Shelf Registration or Exchange
            Registration Statement, as the case may be, as may be necessary to
            keep such Registration Statement continuously effective for the
            Effectiveness Period or the Applicable Period, as the case may be;
            cause the related Prospectus to be supplemented by any Prospectus
            supplement required by applicable law, and as so supplemented to be
            filed pursuant to Rule 424 (or any similar provisions then in force)
            promulgated under the Securities Act; and comply with the provisions
            of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act applicable to them with
            respect to the disposition of all securities covered by such
            Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus as so
            supplemented and with respect to the subsequent resale of any
            securities being sold by a Participating Broker-Dealer covered by
            any such Prospectus. The Issuers and each Subsidiary Guarantor shall
            not, during the Applicable Period, voluntarily and knowingly take
            any action that would result in selling Holders of the Registrable
            Units covered by a Registration Statement or Participating
            Broker-Dealers seeking to sell Exchange Units not being able to sell
            such Registrable Units or such Exchange Units during that period,
            unless such action, in the reasonable judgment of the Issuers, is
            required by applicable law, rule or regulation or permitted by this
            Agreement.

      (d)   Furnish to such selling Holders and Participating Broker-Dealers who
            so request in writing (i) upon the Issuers' receipt, a copy of the
            order of the SEC declaring such Registration Statement and any
            post-effective amendment thereto effective, (ii) such reasonable
            number of copies of the Prospectus included in such Registration
            Statement (including each preliminary Prospectus) and each amendment
            and supplement thereto, and such reasonable number of copies of the
            final Prospectus as filed by the Issuers and each Subsidiary
            Guarantor pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, in
            conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act and each
            amendment and supplement thereto, and (iii) such other documents
            (including any amendments required to be filed pursuant to clause
            (c) of this Section), as any such Person may reasonably request in
            writing. The Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors hereby consent to
            the use of the Prospectus by each of the selling Holders of
            Registrable Units or each such Participating Broker-Dealer, as the
            case may be, and the underwriters or agents, if any, and dealers, if
            any, in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable
            Units covered by, or the sale by Participating Broker-Dealers of the
            Exchange Units pursuant to, such Prospectus and any amendment or
            supplement thereto.

      (e)   If (1) a Shelf Registration is filed pursuant to Section 3, or (2) a
            Prospectus contained in an Exchange Registration Statement filed
            pursuant to Section 2 is required to be delivered under the
            Securities Act by any Participating Broker-Dealer who seeks to sell
            Exchange Units during the Applicable Period relating

<PAGE>

            thereto, the Issuers shall notify in writing the selling Holders of
            Registrable Units, or each such Participating Broker-Dealer, as the
            case may be, the managing underwriters, if any, and each of their
            respective counsel promptly (but in any event within 2 Business
            Days) (i) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or
            post-effective amendment has been filed, and, with respect to a
            Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the
            same has become effective, (ii) of the issuance by the SEC of any
            stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement
            or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any Prospectus
            or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose, (iii) if at
            any time when a Prospectus is required by the Securities Act to be
            delivered in connection with sales of the Registrable Units the
            representations and warranties of the Issuers and any Subsidiary
            Guarantor contained in any agreement (including any underwriting
            agreement) contemplated by Section 6(n) hereof cease to be true and
            correct in all material respects, (iv) of the receipt by the Issuers
            or any Subsidiary Guarantor of any notification with respect to the
            suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of a
            Registration Statement or any of the Registrable Units or the
            Exchange Units to be sold by any Participating Broker-Dealer for
            offer or sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening
            of any proceeding for such purpose, (v) of the happening of any
            event, the existence of any condition of any information becoming
            known that makes any statement made in such Registration Statement
            or related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be
            incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or
            that requires the making of any changes in, or amendments or
            supplements to, such Registration Statement, Prospectus or documents
            so that, in the case of the Registration Statement and the
            Prospectus, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material
            fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
            therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
            circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, (vi) of
            any reasonable determination by the Issuers or any Subsidiary
            Guarantor that a post-effective amendment to a Registration
            Statement would be appropriate and (vii) of any request by the SEC
            for amendments to the Registration Statement or supplements to the
            Prospectus or for additional information relating thereto.

      (f)   Use their reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any
            order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement or of
            any order preventing or suspending the use of a Prospectus or
            suspending the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of
            any of the Registrable Units or the Exchange Units to be sold by any
            Participating Broker-Dealer, for sale in any jurisdiction, and, if
            any such order is issued, to use their reasonable best efforts to
            obtain the withdrawal of any such order at the earliest possible
            date.

      (g)   If (A) a Shelf Registration is filed pursuant to Section 3, (B) a
            Prospectus contained in an Exchange Registration Statement filed
            pursuant to Section 2 is required to be delivered under the
            Securities Act by any Participating Broker-Dealer who seeks to sell
            Exchange Units during the Applicable Period or (C) reasonably
            requested in writing by the managing underwriters, if any, or the

<PAGE>

            Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the
            Registrable Units being sold in connection with an underwritten
            offering, (i) promptly incorporate in a Prospectus supplement or
            post-effective amendment such information or revisions to
            information therein relating to such underwriters or selling Holders
            as the managing underwriters, if any, or such Holders or any of
            their respective counsel reasonably request in writing to be
            included or made therein, and reasonably acceptable to the Issuers
            and (ii) make all required filings of such Prospectus supplement or
            such post-effective amendment as soon as practicable after the
            Issuers have received notification of the matters to be incorporated
            in such Prospectus supplements or post-effective amendment.

      (h)   Prior to any public offering of Registrable Units or any delivery of
            a Prospectus contained in the Exchange Registration Statement by any
            Participating Broker-Dealer who seeks to sell Exchange Units during
            the Applicable Period, use their reasonable best efforts to register
            or qualify, and to cooperate with the selling Holders of Registrable
            Units or each such Participating Broker-Dealer, as the case may be,
            the underwriters, if any, and their respective counsel in connection
            with the registration or qualification (or exemption from such
            registration or qualification) of such Registrable Units or Exchange
            Units, as the case may be, for offer and sale under the securities
            or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within the United States as
            any selling Holder, Participating Broker-Dealer or any managing
            underwriter or underwriters, if any, reasonably request in writing;
            provided that where Exchange Units held by Participating
            Broker-Dealers or Registrable Units are offered other than through
            an underwritten offering, the Issuers and each Subsidiary Guarantor
            agree to cause their counsel to perform Blue Sky investigations and
            use their reasonable best efforts to file any registrations and
            qualifications required to be filed pursuant to this Section 6(h),
            use their reasonable best efforts to keep each such registration or
            qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the period
            such Registration Statement is required to be kept effective and use
            their reasonable best efforts to do any and all other acts or things
            reasonably necessary or advisable to enable the disposition in such
            jurisdictions of the Exchange Units held by Participating
            Broker-Dealers or the Registrable Units covered by the applicable
            Registration Statement; provided that neither the Issuers nor any
            Subsidiary Guarantor shall be required to (A) qualify generally to
            do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified,
            (B) take any action that would subject it to general service of
            process in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject or
            (C) subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is
            not then so subject.

      (i)   If (A) a Shelf Registration is filed pursuant to Section 3 or (B) a
            Prospectus contained in an Exchange Registration Statement filed
            pursuant to Section 2 is requested to be delivered under the
            Securities Act by any Participating Broker-Dealer who seeks to sell
            Exchange Units during the Applicable Period, cooperate in all
            reasonable respects with the selling Holders of Registrable Units
            and the managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, to facilitate
            the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing
            Registrable Units to be sold, which certificates shall not bear any
            restrictive legends and shall be in a form eligible for

<PAGE>

            deposit with The Depository Trust Company, and enable such
            Registrable Units to be in such denominations and registered in such
            names as the managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, or
            Holders may reasonably request.

      (j)   Use their reasonable best efforts to cause the Registrable Units
            covered by any Registration Statement to be registered with or
            approved by such governmental agencies or authorities as may be
            necessary to enable the seller or sellers thereof or the
            underwriter, if any, to consummate the disposition of such
            Registrable Units, except as may be required solely as a consequence
            of the nature of such selling Holder's business, in which case the
            Issuers shall (and shall cause each Subsidiary Guarantor to)
            cooperate in all reasonable respects with the filing of such
            Registration Statement and the granting of such approvals; provided
            that neither the Issuers nor any existing Subsidiary Guarantor shall
            be required to (A) qualify generally to do business in any
            jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified, (B) take any action
            that would subject it to general service of process in any
            jurisdiction where it is not then so subject or (C) subject itself
            to taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so
            subject.

      (k)   If (1) a Shelf Registration is filed pursuant to Section 3, or (2) a
            Prospectus contained in an Exchange Registration Statement filed
            pursuant to Section 2 is required to be delivered under the
            Securities Act by any Participating Broker-Dealer who seeks to sell
            Exchange Units during the Applicable Period, upon the occurrence of
            any event contemplated by paragraph 6(e)(v) or 6(e)(vi) hereof, as
            promptly as practicable, prepare and file with the SEC, at the
            expense of the Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors , a supplement
            or post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or a
            supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or
            deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, or file any other
            required document so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers
            of the Registrable Units being sold thereunder or to the purchasers
            of the Exchange Units to whom such Prospectus will be delivered by a
            Participating Broker-Dealer, such Prospectus will not contain an
            untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
            required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
            therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
            not misleading, and, if SEC review is required, use their reasonable
            best efforts to cause such post-effective amendment to be declared
            effective as soon as possible.

      (l)   Use their reasonable best efforts to cause the Registrable Units
            covered by a Registration Statement to be rated with such
            appropriate rating agencies, if so requested in writing by the
            Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the
            Registrable Units covered by such Registration Statement or the
            managing underwriter or underwriters, if any.

      (m)   Prior to the initial issuance of the Exchange Units, (i) provide the
            Trustee with one or more certificates for the Registrable Units in a
            form eligible for deposit with The Depository Trust Company and (ii)
            provide a CUSIP number for the Exchange Units.

<PAGE>

      (n)   If a Shelf Registration is filed pursuant to Section 3, enter into
            such agreements (including an underwriting agreement in form, scope
            and substance as is customary in underwritten offerings of debt
            securities similar to the Units, as may be appropriate in the
            circumstances) and take all such other actions in connection
            therewith (including those reasonably requested in writing by the
            managing underwriters, if any, or the Holders of a majority in
            aggregate principal amount of the Registrable Units being sold) in
            order to expedite or facilitate the registration or the disposition
            of such Registrable Units, and in such connection, whether or not an
            underwriting agreement is entered into and whether or not the
            registration is an Underwritten Registration, (i) make such
            representations and warranties to the Holders and the underwriters,
            if any, with respect to the business of the Issuers and their
            subsidiaries as then conducted, and the Registration Statement,
            Prospectus and documents, if any, incorporated or deemed to be
            incorporated by reference therein, in each case, in form, substance
            and scope as are customarily made by issuers to underwriters in
            underwritten offerings of debt securities similar to the Units, as
            may be appropriate and reasonable in the circumstances, and confirm
            the same if and when reasonably required; (ii) use reasonable best
            efforts to obtain an opinion of counsel to the Issuers and the
            Subsidiary Guarantors and updates thereof (which counsel and
            opinions (in form, scope and substance) shall be reasonably
            satisfactory to the managing underwriters, if any, and the Holders
            of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Registrable Units
            being sold), addressed to each selling Holder and each of the
            underwriters, if any, covering the matters customarily covered in
            opinions of counsel to the Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors
            requested in underwritten offerings of debt securities similar to
            the Units, as may be appropriate in the circumstances; (iii) use
            reasonable best efforts to obtain "cold comfort" letters and updates
            thereof (which letters and updates (in form, scope and substance)
            shall be reasonably satisfactory to the managing underwriters) from
            the independent certified public accountants of the Issuers and the
            Subsidiary Guarantors (and, if necessary, any other independent
            certified public accountants of any subsidiary of the Issuers or of
            any business acquired by the Issuers for which financial statements
            and financial data are, or are required to be, included in the
            Registration Statement), addressed to each of the underwriters, such
            letters to be in customary form and covering matters of the type
            customarily covered in "cold comfort" letters in connection with
            underwritten offerings of debt securities similar to the Units, as
            may be appropriate in the circumstances, and such other matters as
            reasonably requested in writing by the underwriters; and (iv)
            deliver such documents and certificates as may be reasonably
            requested in writing by the Holders of a majority in aggregate
            principal amount of the Registrable Units being sold and the
            managing underwriters, if any, to evidence the continued validity in
            all material respects of the representations and warranties of the
            Issuers and their subsidiaries made pursuant to clause (i) above and
            to evidence compliance in all material respects with any conditions
            contained in the underwriting agreement or other similar agreement
            entered into by the Issuers or any Subsidiary Guarantor.

      (o)   If (1) a Shelf Registration is filed pursuant to Section 3, or (2) a
            Prospectus contained in an Exchange Registration Statement filed
            pursuant to Section 2 is

<PAGE>

            required to be delivered under the Securities Act by any
            Participating Broker-Dealer who seeks to sell Exchange Units during
            the Applicable Period, make available for inspection by any selling
            Holder of such Registrable Units being sold, or each such
            Participating Broker-Dealer, as the case may be, any underwriter
            participating in any such disposition of Registrable Units, if any,
            and any attorney, accountant or other agent retained by any such
            selling Holder or each such Participating Broker-Dealer, as the case
            may be, or underwriter (collectively, the "Inspectors"), at the
            offices where normally kept, during reasonable business hours and in
            a manner so as not to be disruptive to the business or operations of
            the Issuers and/or Subsidiary Guarantors, all financial and other
            records and pertinent corporate documents of the Issuers and their
            subsidiaries (collectively, the "Records") as shall be reasonably
            necessary to enable them to exercise any applicable due diligence
            responsibilities, and cause the officers, directors and employees of
            the Issuers and their subsidiaries to supply all information
            reasonably requested in writing by any such Inspector in connection
            with such Registration Statement. Each Inspector shall agree in
            writing, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Issuers, that it
            will keep the Records confidential and not disclose any of the
            Records unless (i) the disclosure of such Records is necessary to
            avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in such Registration
            Statement, (ii) the release of such Records is ordered pursuant to a
            subpoena or other order from a court of competent jurisdiction,
            (iii) the information in such Records is public or has been made
            generally available to the public other than as a result of a
            disclosure or failure to safeguard by such Inspector or (iv)
            disclosure of such information is, in the reasonable written opinion
            of counsel for any Inspector, necessary or advisable in connection
            with any action, claim, suit or proceeding, directly or indirectly,
            involving or potentially involving such Inspector and arising out
            of, based upon, related to, or involving this Agreement, or any
            transaction contemplated hereby or arising hereunder. Each selling
            Holder of such Registrable Units and each such Participating
            Broker-Dealer will be required to agree that information obtained by
            it as a result of such inspections shall be deemed confidential and
            shall not be used by it as the basis for any market transactions in
            the securities of the Issuers unless and until such is made
            generally available to the public. Each Inspector, each selling
            Holder of such Registrable Units and each such Participating
            Broker-Dealer will be required to further agree that it will, upon
            learning that disclosure of such Records is sought in a court of
            competent jurisdiction, give notice to the Issuers and, to the
            extent practicable, use their best efforts to allow the Issuers, at
            their expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure
            of the Records deemed confidential at their expense.

      (p)   Comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and make
            generally available to the security holders of the Issuers with
            regard to any Applicable Registration Statement earning statements
            satisfying the provisions of section 11(a) of the Securities Act and
            Rule 158 thereunder (or any similar rule promulgated under the
            Securities Act) no later than 45 days after the end of any 12-month
            period (or 90 days after the end of any 12-month period if such
            period is a fiscal year) (i) commencing at the end of any fiscal
            quarter in which

<PAGE>

            Registrable Units are sold to underwriters in a firm commitment or
            best efforts underwritten offering and (ii) if not sold to
            underwriters in such an offering, commencing on the first day of the
            first fiscal quarter of the Issuers after the effective date of a
            Registration Statement, which statements shall cover said 12-month
            periods.

      (q)   Upon consummation of an Exchange Offer or Private Exchange, use
            reasonable best efforts to obtain an opinion of counsel to the
            Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors (in form, scope and substance
            reasonably satisfactory to the Initial Purchaser), addressed to the
            Trustee for the benefit of all Holders participating in the Exchange
            Offer or Private Exchange, as the case may be, to the effect that
            (i) the Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors have duly authorized,
            executed and delivered the Exchange Units or the Private Exchange
            Units, as the case may be, and the Indenture, (ii) the Exchange
            Units or the Private Exchange Units, as the case may be, and the
            Indenture constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the
            Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors, enforceable against the
            Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors in accordance with their
            respective terms, except as such enforcement may be subject to
            customary United States and foreign exceptions and (iii) all
            obligations of the Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors under the
            Exchange Units or the Private Exchange Units, as the case may be,
            and the Indenture are secured by Liens (as defined in the Indenture)
            on the assets securing the obligations of the Issuers and the
            Subsidiary Guarantors under the Units, Indenture and Collateral
            Agreements subject to customary assumptions, reliances, exceptions
            and exclusions.

      (r)   If the Exchange Offer or a Private Exchange is to be consummated,
            upon delivery of the Registrable Units by the Holders to the Issuers
            and the Subsidiary Guarantors (or to such other Person as directed
            by the Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors) in exchange for the
            Exchange Units or the Private Exchange Units, as the case may be,
            the Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors shall mark, or caused to
            be marked, on such Registrable Units that the Exchange Units or the
            Private Exchange Units, as the case may be, are being issued as
            substitute evidence of the indebtedness originally evidenced by the
            Registrable Units; provided that in no event shall such Registrable
            Units be marked as paid or otherwise satisfied.

      (s)   Cooperate with each seller of Registrable Units covered by any
            Registration Statement and each underwriter, if any, participating
            in the disposition of such Registrable Units and their respective
            counsel in connection with any filings required to be made with the
            NASD.

      (t)   Use their reasonable best efforts to take all other steps reasonably
            necessary to effect the registration of the Registrable Units
            covered by a Registration Statement contemplated hereby.

      (u)   The Issuers may require each seller of Registrable Units or
            Participating Broker-Dealer as to which any registration is being
            effected to furnish to the Issuers such information regarding such
            seller or Participating Broker-Dealer and the

<PAGE>

            distribution of such Registrable Units as the Issuers may, from time
            to time, reasonably request in writing. The Issuers may exclude from
            such registration the Registrable Units of any seller who fails to
            furnish such information within a reasonable time (which time in no
            event shall exceed 15 days) after receiving such request. Each
            seller of Registrable Units or Participating Broker-Dealer as to
            which any registration is being effected agrees to furnish promptly
            to the Issuers all information required to be disclosed in order to
            make the information previously furnished by such seller not
            materially misleading.

      (v)   Each Holder of Registrable Units and each Participating
            Broker-Dealer agrees by acquisition of such Registrable Units or
            Exchange Units to be sold by such Participating Broker-Dealer, as
            the case may be, that, upon receipt of any notice from the Issuers
            of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section
            6(e)(ii), 6(e)(iv), 6(e)(v), or 6(e)(vi), such Holder will forthwith
            discontinue disposition of such Registrable Units covered by a
            Registration Statement and such Participating Broker-Dealer will
            forthwith discontinue disposition of such Exchange Units pursuant to
            any Prospectus and, in each case, forthwith discontinue
            dissemination of such Prospectus until such Holder's or
            Participating Broker-Dealer's receipt of the copies of the
            supplemented or amended Prospectus contemplated by Section 6(k), or
            until it is advised in writing (the "Advice") by the Issuers that
            the use of the applicable Prospectus may be resumed, and has
            received copies of any amendments or supplements thereto and, if so
            directed by the Issuers, such Holder or Participating Broker-Dealer,
            as the case may be, will deliver to the Issuers all copies, other
            than permanent file copies, then in such Holder's or Participating
            Broker-Dealer's possession, of the Prospectus covering such
            Registrable Units current at the time of the receipt of such notice.
            In the event the Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors shall give
            any such notice, the Applicable Period shall be extended by the
            number of days during such periods from and including the date of
            the giving of such notice to and including the date when each
            Participating Broker-Dealer shall have received (x) the copies of
            the supplemented or amended Prospectus contemplated by Section 6(k)
            or (y) the Advice.

7.    REGISTRATION EXPENSES

      (a)   All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance
            with this Agreement by the Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors
            shall be borne by the Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors, whether
            or not the Exchange Offer or a Shelf Registration is filed or
            becomes effective, including, without limitation, (i) all
            registration and filing fees, including, without limitation, (A)
            fees with respect to filings required to be made with the NASD in
            connection with any underwritten offering and (B) fees and expenses
            of compliance with state securities or Blue Sky laws as provided in
            Section 6(h) hereof, (ii) printing expenses, including, without
            limitation, expenses of printing Prospectuses if the printing of
            Prospectuses is requested by the managing underwriter or
            underwriters, if any, or by the Holders of a majority in aggregate
            principal amount of the Registrable Units included in any
            Registration Statement or by any

<PAGE>

            Participating Broker-Dealer during the Applicable Period, as the
            case may be, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses
            incurred in connection with the performance of their obligations
            hereunder, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Issuers,
            the Subsidiary Guarantors and, subject to 7(b), the Holders, (v)
            fees and disbursements of all independent certified public
            accountants referred to in Section 6 (including, without limitation,
            the expenses of any special audit and "cold comfort" letters
            required by or incident to such performance), (vi) rating agency
            fees and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the
            listing of the Securities to be registered on any securities
            exchange, (vii) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Issuers
            and the Subsidiary Guarantors desire such insurance, (viii) fees and
            expenses of all other Persons retained by the Issuers and the
            Subsidiary Guarantors, (ix) fees and expenses of any "qualified
            independent underwriter" or other independent appraiser
            participating in an offering pursuant to Section 3 of Schedule E to
            the By-laws of the NASD, but only where the need for such a
            "qualified independent underwriter" arises due to a relationship
            with the Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors, (x) internal
            expenses of the Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors (including,
            without limitation, all salaries and expenses of officers and
            employees of the Issuers or the Subsidiary Guarantors performing
            legal or accounting duties), (xi) the expense of any annual audit,
            (xii) the fees and expenses of the Trustee and the Exchange Agent
            and (xiii) the expenses relating to printing, word processing and
            distributing all Registration Statements, underwriting agreements,
            securities sales agreements, indentures and any other documents
            necessary in order to comply with this Agreement.

      (b)   The Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors shall reimburse the
            Holders for the reasonable fees and disbursements of not more than
            one counsel chosen by the Holders of a majority in aggregate
            principal amount of the Registrable Units to be included in any
            Registration Statement. The Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors
            shall pay all documentary, stamp, transfer or other transactional
            taxes attributable to the issuance or delivery of the Exchange Units
            or Private Exchange Units in exchange for the Units; provided that
            the Issuers shall not be required to pay taxes payable in respect of
            any transfer involved in the issuance or delivery of any Exchange
            Unit or Private Exchange Unit in a name other than that of the
            Holder of the Unit in respect of which such Exchange Unit or Private
            Exchange Unit is being issued. The Issuers and the Subsidiary
            Guarantors shall reimburse the Holders for fees and expenses
            (including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Holders)
            relating to any enforcement of any rights of the Holders under this
            Agreement.

8.    INDEMNIFICATION

      (a)   Indemnification by the Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors. The
            Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors jointly and severally agree to
            indemnify and hold harmless each Holder of Registrable Units,
            Exchange Units or Private Exchange Units and each Participating
            Broker-Dealer selling Exchange Units during the Applicable Period,
            each Person, if any, who controls each such Holder (within the

<PAGE>

            meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20(a) of the
            Exchange Act) and the officers, directors and partners of each such
            Holder, Participating Broker-Dealer and controlling person, to the
            fullest extent lawful, from and against any and all losses, claims,
            damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation,
            reasonable costs of preparation and reasonable attorneys' fees as
            provided in this Section 8) and expenses (including, without
            limitation, reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection
            with investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending against any of
            the foregoing) (collectively, "Losses"), as incurred, insofar as
            such Losses arise out of or are based upon any untrue or alleged
            untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration
            Statement, Prospectus or form of prospectus, or in any amendment or
            supplement thereto, or in any preliminary prospectus, or any
            omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact
            required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
            therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
            not misleading, except insofar as such Losses are solely based upon
            information relating to such Holder or Participating Broker-Dealer
            and furnished in writing to the Issuers and the Subsidiary
            Guarantors (or reviewed and approved in writing) by such Holder or
            Participating Broker-Dealer or their counsel expressly for use
            therein; provided, however, that the Issuers and the Subsidiary
            Guarantors will not be liable to any Indemnified Party (as defined
            below) under this Section 8 to the extent Losses were solely caused
            by an untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or
            omission that was contained or made in any preliminary prospectus
            and corrected in the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement
            thereto if (i) the Prospectus does not contain any other untrue
            statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission of a
            material fact that was the subject matter of the related proceeding,
            (ii) any such Losses resulted from an action, claim or suit by any
            Person who purchased Registrable Units or Exchange Units which are
            the subject thereof from such Indemnified Party and (iii) it is
            established in the related proceeding that such Indemnified Party
            failed to deliver or provide a copy of the Prospectus (as amended or
            supplemented) to such Person with or prior to the confirmation of
            the sale of such Registrable Units or Exchange Units sold to such
            Person if required by applicable law, unless such failure to deliver
            or provide a copy of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) was
            a result of noncompliance by the Issuers with Section 6 of this
            Agreement. The Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors also agree to
            indemnify underwriters, selling brokers, dealer managers and similar
            securities industry professionals participating in the distribution,
            their officers, directors, agents and employees and each Person who
            controls such Persons (within the meaning of Section 5 of the
            Securities Act or Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act) to the same
            extent as provided above with respect to the indemnification of the
            Holders or the Participating Broker-Dealer.

      (b)   Indemnification by Holder. In connection with any Registration
            Statement, Prospectus or form of prospectus, any amendment or
            supplement thereto, or any preliminary prospectus in which a Holder
            is participating, such Holder shall furnish to the Issuers and the
            Subsidiary Guarantors in writing such information as the Issuers and
            the Subsidiary Guarantors reasonably request for use in

<PAGE>

            connection with any Registration Statement, Prospectus or form of
            prospectus, any amendment or supplement thereto, or any preliminary
            prospectus and shall indemnify and hold harmless the Issuers, the
            Subsidiary Guarantors, their respective directors and each Person,
            if any, who controls the Issuers and the Subsidiary Guarantors
            (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section
            20(a) of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers and partners
            of such controlling persons, to the fullest extent lawful, from and
            against all Losses insofar as such Losses arise out of or are based
            upon any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
            contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or form of
            prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any
            preliminary prospectus, or any omission or alleged omission to state
            therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
            to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
            under which they were made, not misleading to the extent, but only
            to the extent, that such losses are finally judicially determined by
            a court of competent jurisdiction in a final, unappealable order to
            have resulted solely from an untrue statement or alleged untrue
            statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a
            material fact contained in or omitted from any information so
            furnished in writing by such Holder to the Issuers and the
            Subsidiary Guarantors expressly for use therein. Notwithstanding the
            foregoing, in no event shall the liability of any selling Holder be
            greater in amount than such Holder's Maximum Contribution Amount (as
            defined below).

      (c)   Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. If any proceeding shall be
            brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity
            hereunder (an "Indemnified Party"), such Indemnified Party shall
            promptly notify the party or parties from which such indemnity is
            sought (the "Indemnifying Party" or "Indemnifying Parties", as
            applicable) in writing; provided, that the failure to so notify the
            Indemnifying Parties shall not relieve the Indemnifying Parties from
            any obligation or liability except to the extent (but only to the
            extent) that it shall be finally determined by a court of competent
            jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal) that the
            Indemnifying Parties have been prejudiced materially by such
            failure.

      The Indemnifying Party shall have the right, exercisable by giving written
notice to an Indemnified Party, within 20 Business Days after receipt of written
notice from such Indemnified Party of such proceeding, to assume, at its
expense, the defense of any such proceeding, provided, that an Indemnified Party
shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such proceeding and to
participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel
shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or parties unless: (1) the
Indemnifying Party has agreed to pay such fees and expenses; or (2) the
Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such
proceeding or shall have failed to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to
such Indemnified Party; or (3) the named parties to any such proceeding
(including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Party and the
Indemnifying Party or any of its affiliates or controlling persons, and such
Indemnified Party shall have been advised by counsel that there may be one or
more defenses available to such Indemnified Party that are in addition to, or in
conflict with, those defenses available to the Indemnifying Party or such
affiliate or controlling person (in which case, if such Indemnified

<PAGE>

Party notifies the Indemnifying Parties in writing that it elects to employ
separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Parties, the Indemnifying
Parties shall not have the right to assume the defense and the reasonable fees
and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party;
it being understood, however, that, the Indemnifying Party shall not, in
connection with any one such proceeding or separate but substantially similar or
related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, arising out of the same general
allegations or circumstances, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than
one separate firm of attorneys (together with appropriate local counsel) at any
time for such Indemnified Party).

      No Indemnifying Party shall be liable for any settlement of any such
proceeding effected without its written consent, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld, but if settled with its written consent, or if there be a final
judgment for the plaintiff in any such proceeding, each Indemnifying Party
jointly and severally agrees, subject to the exceptions and limitations set
forth above, to indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnified Party from and
against any and all Losses by reason of such settlement or judgment. The
Indemnifying Party shall not consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into
any settlement that does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving
by the claimant or plaintiff to each Indemnified Party of a release, in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party, from all liability
in respect of such proceeding for which such Indemnified Party would be entitled
to indemnification hereunder (whether or not any Indemnified Party is a party
thereto).

      (d)   Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 8
            is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or is insufficient to hold
            such Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses in respect of which
            this Section 8 would otherwise apply by its terms (other than by
            reason of exceptions provided in this Section 8), then each
            applicable Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such
            Indemnified Party, shall have a joint and several obligation to
            contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party
            as a result of such Losses, in such proportion as is appropriate to
            reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party, on the one
            hand, and such Indemnified Party, on the other hand, in connection
            with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such
            Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The
            relative fault of such Indemnifying Party, on the one hand, and
            Indemnified Party, on the other hand, shall be determined by
            reference to, among other things, whether any untrue or alleged
            untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission
            to state a material fact relates to information supplied by such
            Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties' relative
            intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct
            or prevent any such statement or omission. The amount paid or
            payable by an Indemnified Party as a result of any Losses shall be
            deemed to include any legal or other fees or expenses incurred by
            such party in connection with any proceeding, to the extent such
            party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the
            indemnification provided for in Section 8(a) or 8(b) was available
            to such party.

      The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if
contribution pursuant to this Section 8(d) were determined by pro rata
allocation or by other method of allocation that does not take account of the
equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding

<PAGE>

paragraph. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 8(d), a selling Holder
shall not be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of
such Holder's Maximum Contribution Amount. A selling Holder's "Maximum
Contribution Amount" shall equal the excess of (i) the aggregate proceeds
received by such Holder pursuant to the sale of such Registrable Units or
Exchange Units over (ii) the aggregate amount of damages that such Holder has
otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue
statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act)
shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such
fraudulent misrepresentation. The Holders' obligations to contribute pursuant to
this Section 8(d) are several in proportion to the respective principal amount
of the Registrable Securities held by each Holder hereunder and not joint. The
Issuers' and Subsidiary Guarantors' obligations to contribute pursuant to this
Section 8(d) are joint and several.

      The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section 8 are
in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have to the
Indemnified Parties.

9.    RULES 144 AND 144A

      The Issuers covenant that they shall (a) file the reports required to be
filed by them (if so required) under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act in
a timely manner and, if at any time the Issuers are not required to file such
reports, they will, upon the written request of any Holder of Registrable Units,
make publicly available other information necessary to permit sales pursuant to
Rule 144 and 144A and (b) take such further action as any Holder may reasonably
request in writing, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such
Holder to sell Registrable Units without registration under the Securities Act
pursuant to the exemptions provided by Rule 144 and Rule 144A. Upon the request
of any Holder, the Issuers shall deliver to such Holder a written statement as
to whether they have complied with such information and requirements.

10.   UNDERWRITTEN REGISTRATIONS OF REGISTRABLE UNITS

      If any of the Registrable Units covered by any Shelf Registration is to be
sold in an underwritten offering, the investment banker or investment bankers
and manager or managers that will manage the offering will be selected by the
Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of such Registrable Units
included in such offering; provided, however, that such investment banker or
investment bankers and manager or managers must be reasonably acceptable to the
Issuers.

      No Holder of Registrable Units may participate in any underwritten
registration hereunder unless such Holder (a) agrees to sell such Holder's
Registrable Units on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements
approved by the Persons entitled hereunder to approve such arrangements and (b)
completes and executes all questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities,
underwriting agreements and other documents required under the terms of such
underwriting arrangements.

<PAGE>

11.   SEPARATION EVENT

      If a Separation Event occurs at any time prior to the consummation of the
Exchange Offer of the Units pursuant to this Agreement, all terms and conditions
set forth under this Agreement shall apply to each of the U.S. Notes and Dutch
Notes (as independent securities) and each of the defined terms "U.S. Notes" and
the "Dutch Notes" shall replace "Units" where appropriate and applicable so that
the U.S. Notes and Dutch Notes shall have the same rights and obligations under
this Agreement as the Units had under this Agreement prior to the occurrence of
such Separation Event.

12.   MISCELLANEOUS

      (a)   Remedies. In the event of a breach by either the Issuers or any of
            the Subsidiary Guarantors of any of their respective obligations
            under this Agreement, each Holder, in addition to being entitled to
            exercise all rights provided herein, in the Indenture or, in the
            case of the Initial Purchaser, in the Purchase Agreement, or granted
            by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
            performance of its rights under this Agreement. The Issuers and the
            Subsidiary Guarantors agree that monetary damages would not be
            adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by
            either the Issuers or any of the Subsidiary Guarantors of any of the
            provisions of this Agreement and hereby further agree that, in the
            event of any action for specific performance in respect of such
            breach, the Issuers shall (and shall cause each Subsidiary Guarantor
            to) waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

      (b)   No Inconsistent Agreements. The Issuers and each of the Subsidiary
            Guarantors have not entered, as of the date hereof, and the Issuers
            and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors shall not enter, after the
            date of this Agreement, into any agreement with respect to any of
            its securities that is inconsistent with the rights granted to the
            Holders of Securities in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with
            the provisions hereof. The Issuers and each of the Subsidiary
            Guarantors have not entered and will not enter into any agreement
            with respect to any of their securities that will grant to any
            Person piggy-back rights with respect to a Registration Statement.

      (c)   Adjustments Affecting Registrable Units. The Issuers shall not,
            directly or indirectly, take any action with respect to the
            Registrable Units as a class that would adversely affect the ability
            of the Holders to include such Registrable Units in a registration
            undertaken pursuant to this Agreement.

      (d)   Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement may not be
            amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to
            departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, otherwise
            than with the prior written consent of the Holders of not less than
            a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding
            Registrable Units in circumstances that would adversely affect any
            Holders of Registrable Units; provided, however, that Section 8 and
            this Section 12(d) may not be amended, modified or supplemented
            without the

<PAGE>

            prior written consent of each Holder. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
            a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with
            respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of
            Holders of Registrable Units whose securities are being tendered
            pursuant to the Exchange Offer or sold pursuant to a Units
            Registration Statement and that does not directly or indirectly
            affect, impair, limit or compromise the rights of other Holders of
            Registrable Units may be given by Holders of at least a majority in
            aggregate principal amount of the Registrable Units being tendered
            or being sold by such Holders pursuant to such Units Registration
            Statement.

      (e)   Notices. All notices and other communications provided for or
            permitted hereunder shall be made in writing by hand delivery,
            registered first-class mail, next-day air courier or telecopier:

            (i)   if to a Holder of Securities or to any Participating
                  Broker-Dealer, at the most current address of such Holder or
                  Participating Broker-Dealer, as the case may be, set forth on
                  the records of the registrar of the Units, with a copy in like
                  manner to the Initial Purchaser as follows:

                           Jefferies & Company, Inc.
                           1100 Santa Monica Blvd. 10th Floor
                           Los Angeles, California  90025
                           Facsimile No.: (310) 575-5165
                           Attention:  Lloyd H. Feller, Esq.

                  with a copy to:

                           Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw LLP
                           1675 Broadway
                           New York, New York  10019
                           Facsimile No.:  (212) 262-1910
                           Attention:  Ronald S. Brody, Esq.

            (ii)  if to the Initial Purchaser, at the address specified in
                  Section 11(e)(1);

            (iii) if to the Issuers or any Subsidiary Guarantor, as follows:

                           Phibro Animal Health Corporation
                           One Parker Plaza, 400 Kelby Street
                           Fort Lee, NJ 07024
                           Facsimile No.:
                           Attention: Corporate Legal Department

                  with a copy to:

<PAGE>

                           Golenbock Eiseman Assor Bell & Peskoe LLP
                           437 Madison Avenue
                           New York, NY 10022
                           Facsimile No.: (212) 754-0330
                           Attention: Lawrence M. Bell, Esq.

      All such notices and communications shall be deemed to have been duly
given: when delivered by hand, if personally delivered; five business days after
being deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, if mailed, one
business day after being deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid,
if mailed; one business day after being timely delivered to a next-day air
courier guaranteeing overnight delivery; and when receipt is acknowledged by the
addressee, if telecopied.

      Copies of all such notices, demands or other communications shall be
concurrently delivered by the Person giving the same to the Trustee under the
Indenture at the address specified in such Indenture.

      (f)   Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of
            and be binding upon the successors and assigns of each of the
            parties hereto, including, without limitation and without the need
            for an express assignment, subsequent Holders of Securities.

      (g)   Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
            counterparts and by the parties hereto in separate counterparts,
            each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and
            all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
            agreement.

      (h)   Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of
            reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning
            hereof.

      (i)   Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
            ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO
            PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAW. THE ISSUERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT
            TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY NEW YORK STATE COURT SITTING IN THE
            BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK OR ANY FEDERAL COURT
            SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK IN
            RESPECT OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
            TO THIS AGREEMENT, AND IRREVOCABLY ACCEPT FOR THEIR AND IN RESPECT
            OF THEIR PROPERTY, GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY, JURISDICTION OF
            THE AFORESAID COURTS. THE ISSUERS IRREVOCABLY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST
            EXTENT THEY MAY EFFECTIVELY DO SO UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, TRIAL BY
            JURY AND ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE
            LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN
            ANY SUCH COURT AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR

<PAGE>


            PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN
            INCONVENIENT FORUM. THE ISSUERS IRREVOCABLY CONSENT, TO THE FULLEST
            EXTENT THEY MAY EFFECTIVELY DO SO UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, TO THE
            SERVICE OF PROCESS OF ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS IN ANY SUCH
            ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY THE MAILING OF COPIES THEREOF BY REGISTERED
            OR CERTIFIED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, TO THE ISSUERS AT THEIR SAID
            ADDRESS, SUCH SERVICE TO BECOME EFFECTIVE 30 DAYS AFTER SUCH
            MAILING. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY HOLDER TO
            SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE
            LEGAL PROCEEDINGS OR OTHERWISE PROCEED AGAINST THE ISSUERS IN ANY
            OTHER JURISDICTION.

      (j)   Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of
            this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
            invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms,
            provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain
            in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired
            or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their best efforts
            to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or
            substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term,
            provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and
            declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have
            executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions
            without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
            invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

      (k)   Securities Held by the Issuers or Their Affiliates. Whenever the
            consent or approval of Holders of a specified percentage of
            Securities is required hereunder, Securities held by the Issuers or
            their affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 405 under the
            Securities Act) shall not be counted in determining whether such
            consent or approval was given by the Holders of such required
            percentage.

      (l)   Third Party Beneficiaries. Holders and Participating Broker-Dealers
            are intended third party beneficiaries of this Agreement and this
            Agreement may be enforced by such Persons.

      (m)   Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Purchase
            Agreement, the Indenture and the Collateral Agreements, is intended
            by the parties as a final and exclusive statement of the agreement
            and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject
            matter contained herein and therein and any and all prior oral or
            written agreements, representations, or warranties, contracts,
            understanding, correspondence, conversations and memoranda between
            the Initial Purchaser on the one hand and the Issuers and the
            Subsidiary Guarantors on the other, or between or among any agents,
            representatives, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, predecessors in
            interest or successors in interest with respect to the subject
            matter hereof and thereof are merged herein and replaced hereby.

<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first written above.

                             PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH CORPORATION

                             By: /s/ Jack C. Bendheim
                                 ---------------------------------------
                                 Name: Jack C. Bendheim
                                 Title President

                             PHILIPP BROTHERS NETHERLANDS III B.V.

                             By: /s/ Jack C. Bendheim
                                 ---------------------------------------
                                 Name: Jack C. Bendheim
                                 Title Managing Director

                             By: /s/ Joseph Katzenstein
                                 ---------------------------------------
                                 Name:  Joseph Katzenstein
                                 Title  Managing Director

                             DOMESTIC GUARANTORS:
                             PRINCE AGRIPRODUCTS, INC.
                             PHIBROCHEM, INC.
                             PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH HOLDINGS, INC.
                             PHIBRO CHEMICALS, INC.
                             WESTERN MAGNESIUM CORP.
                             C P CHEMICALS, INC.
                             PHIBRO-TECH, INC.
                             PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH U.S., INC.

                             By: /s/ David. C. Storbeck
                                 ---------------------------------------
                                 Name: David C. Storbeck
                                 Title: Vice President

                             FOREIGN GUARANTORS:
                             PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH SA

                             By: /s/ Jack C. Bendheim
                                 ---------------------------------------
                                 Name: Jack C. Bendheim
                                 Title: Manager

                                                   REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<PAGE>

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO:

JEFFERIES & COMPANY, INC.

By:  /s/ Richard A. Goldenberg
     -------------------------
Name: Richard A. Goldenberg
Title: Managing Director

                                                   REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
