
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 1.1


                                     ANNEX A
                                     -------

                                SUMMARY OF TERMS
                                       FOR
                            PROPOSED EQUITY FINANCING


THE ISSUER                          uWink, Inc. (the "Company")

THE INVESTOR GROUP                  Mellon HBV Alternative Strategies LLC and/or
                                    its affiliates and assigns ("Mellon HBV")

AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF EQUITY          $6,000,000, provided that if the final
FINANCING                           acquisition price of substantially all of
                                    the assets of Sega Gameworks LLC (the
                                    "Target Assets") is greater than $8,000,000,
                                    the amount of the equity financing shall
                                    similarly be increased dollar for dollar up
                                    to a total of $8,000,000 (the "Aggregate
                                    Investment"). Part of the Aggregate
                                    Investment will be paid through the
                                    cancellation of indebtedness (plus accrued
                                    interest thereon) owed by the Company to
                                    Mellon HBV pursuant to a promissory note
                                    dated December 13, 2004.

FORM OF INVESTMENT                  Fifty percent of the Aggregate Investment
                                    will be made in shares of a newly-created
                                    class of Series A Convertible Preferred
                                    Stock of the Company (the "Series A
                                    Preferred"). Fifty percent of the Aggregate
                                    Investment will be made in shares of common
                                    stock of the Company (the "Common Stock").

                                    Additionally, a five year warrant shall be
                                    issued providing for the purchase of 631,118
                                    additional shares of Common Stock at an
                                    exercise price of $0.36 (the "Warrant"). The
                                    Warrant shall not be exercisable until the
                                    first anniversary of the closing.

PER SHARE PRICE OF EQUITY           Series A Preferred Stock $1.66 (the
SECURITIES                          "Original Issuance Price")

                                    Common Stock $1.18

PRO-FORMA CAPITALIZATION            After giving effect to the transactions
                                    contemplated hereby, the Series A Preferred
                                    and Common Stock to be acquired by Mellon
                                    HBV shall constitute 45% (determined on an
                                    "as converted basis") of the outstanding
                                    voting capital stock of the Company on a
                                    fully-diluted basis (assuming an Aggregate
                                    Investment of $6,000,000).


<PAGE>

USE OF PROCEEDS                     To fund the acquisition of the Target Assets

STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT;           The purchase of the Series A Preferred and
ANCILLARY AGREEMENTS                Common Stock shall be made pursuant to a
                                    Stock Purchase Agreement, which shall
                                    provide for, among other things, the terms
                                    reflected hereby; customary representations
                                    and warranties of the Company and investment
                                    representations of Mellon HBV; customary
                                    affirmative and negative covenants;
                                    customary conditions to closing; and such
                                    other customary terms as are mutually
                                    agreeable to the parties. Conditions to
                                    closing shall include (i) the completion of
                                    Mellon HBV's business and legal due
                                    diligence review of the Company and the
                                    acquisition of the Target Assets to its
                                    satisfaction; (ii) the non-occurrence of any
                                    material adverse change in the business or
                                    prospects of the Company; (iii) the
                                    obtaining of all requisite consents,
                                    approvals and waivers; (iv) compliance with
                                    all applicable federal and state securities
                                    laws; (v) completion of all appropriate
                                    state and local filings, including the
                                    filing of a Certificate of Designations to
                                    establish the Series A Preferred; (vi) the
                                    reconstitution of the Board of Directors of
                                    the Company at seven members, at least three
                                    of whom shall be designees of Mellon HBV
                                    (the final number of Mellon HBV designees
                                    shall be determined by its ownership
                                    percentage of the Company on a fully-diluted
                                    basis); (vii) a favorable legal opinion of
                                    counsel to the Company; and (viii)
                                    simultaneous consummation of the acquisition
                                    of the Target Assets for a total
                                    consideration of no more than $10,000,000.

                                    Ancillary agreements and documents shall
                                    include, among others, a Registration Rights
                                    Agreement and a Certificate of Designations
                                    of Rights, Preferences and Privileges of the
                                    Series A Preferred.

RIGHTS, PREFERENCES AND
PRIVILEGES OF SERIES A PREFERRED


DIVIDENDS                           The Series A Preferred shall be entitled to
                                    an eight percent cumulative dividend,
                                    payable semi-annually in cash or additional
                                    shares of Series A Preferred, prior and in
                                    preference to any dividends paid or payable
                                    on or with respect to any other class or
                                    series of capital stock of the Company.


<PAGE>

PREFERENCE UPON LIQUIDATION         In the event of the liquidation, dissolution
OR SALE OF THE COMPANY              or winding up of the Company, the holders of
                                    Series A Preferred shall be entitled to
                                    receive, prior and in preference to the
                                    holders of any other class or series of
                                    capital stock of the Company, an amount per
                                    share of Series A Preferred equal to the
                                    Original Issuance Price, plus all accrued
                                    but unpaid dividends thereon (the
                                    "Liquidation Amount"). Any proceeds
                                    remaining after payment of the Liquidation
                                    Amount shall be distributed to the holders
                                    of Series A Preferred and Common Stock on a
                                    PRO RATA basis (determined on an "as
                                    converted basis").

                                    In the event of a sale of all or
                                    substantially all of the assets of the
                                    Company or a merger, consolidation or sale
                                    of capital stock involving a change in
                                    control (each, a "Corporate Transaction"),
                                    the holders of Series A Preferred shall be
                                    entitled to receive, prior and in preference
                                    to the holders of any other class or series
                                    of capital stock of the Company, an amount
                                    per share of Series A Preferred equal to two
                                    hundred percent of the Original Issuance
                                    Price, plus all accrued but unpaid dividends
                                    thereon (the "Corporate Transaction
                                    Liquidation Amount"). Any proceeds remaining
                                    after payment of the Corporate Transaction
                                    Liquidation Amount shall be distributed to
                                    the holders of Series A Preferred and Common
                                    Stock on a PRO RATA basis (determined on an
                                    "as converted basis").

OPTIONAL CONVERSION                 The Series A Preferred may be converted into
                                    Common Stock, at any time or from time to
                                    time, at the option of the holder of such
                                    shares of Series A Preferred. The number of
                                    shares of Common Stock into which shares of
                                    Series A Preferred may be converted shall be
                                    determined by dividing the Original Issuance
                                    Price by the conversion price, as adjusted
                                    and then in effect. The initial conversion
                                    price shall be $0.363238, reflecting an
                                    initial conversion ratio of 4.57:1. Such
                                    conversion price shall be subject to the
                                    anti-dilution adjustments described below.

AUTOMATIC CONVERSION                The Series A Preferred shall be converted
                                    automatically into Common Stock, at the
                                    then-applicable conversion rate, on the
                                    tenth consecutive trading day on which the
                                    closing price of the Company's Common Stock
                                    is no less than $6.50 per share (subject to
                                    proportionate adjustments for stock splits,
                                    dividends, combinations and similar events).


<PAGE>

ANTI-DILUTION PROTECTION            The conversion price of the Series A
                                    Preferred will be subject to narrow based
                                    weighted average anti-dilution protection in
                                    the event that the Company issues or is
                                    deemed to issue equity (other than customary
                                    excluded issuances ("Excluded Securities"))
                                    at a purchase price less than the Original
                                    Issuance Price (or the then current
                                    conversion price). The conversion price
                                    shall also be subject to proportionate
                                    adjustments for stock splits, dividends,
                                    combinations and similar events.

VOTING RIGHTS                       Each outstanding share of Series A Preferred
                                    will entitle the holder thereof to the
                                    number of votes equal to the number of
                                    shares of Common Stock issuable upon
                                    conversion of such share of Series A
                                    Preferred. Holders of shares of Series A
                                    Preferred shall vote together with holders
                                    of Common Stock as a single class on all
                                    matters on which the Common Stock are
                                    entitled to vote, with the exception of the
                                    matters set forth below under "Protective
                                    Provisions" or as required by law.

PROTECTIVE PROVISIONS               The consent of the holders of two-thirds of
                                    the then outstanding shares of Series A
                                    Preferred, voting separately as a class,
                                    shall be required for: (i) any amendment or
                                    modification of any right, preference or
                                    privilege of the Series A Preferred that
                                    materially adversely affects the holders
                                    thereof; (ii) the issuance of any shares of
                                    capital stock (or other security convertible
                                    into or exercisable or exchangeable for
                                    shares of capital stock) of the Company;
                                    (iii) a Corporate Transaction; (iv) the
                                    increase or decrease in total number of
                                    authorized shares of capital stock; (v) the
                                    redemption or repurchase of Common Stock
                                    (other than repurchase of Common Stock from
                                    employees upon termination of employment);
                                    (vi) the payment of dividends or
                                    distributions in respect of any class or
                                    series of capital stock of the Company,
                                    (vii) any "related party" transaction, and
                                    (viii) any increase or decrease in the
                                    number of members of the Board of Directors
                                    of the Company.

CERTAIN INVESTOR RIGHTS

REGISTRATION RIGHTS; LOCK UP        Registration Rights: The Company shall
                                    provide Mellon HBV with usual and customary
                                    registration rights with respect to its
                                    shares of (i) Common Stock underlying the
                                    Preferred Stock, (ii) Common Stock issuable


<PAGE>

                                    upon exercise of the Warrant, and (iii)
                                    Common Stock purchased at the closing, the
                                    timing of such registration and the
                                    penalties for any delays thereof shall be
                                    determined based upon the timing of the 2004
                                    year end audit to be prepared related to the
                                    Target Assets.

                                    Nolan Bushnell and such other insiders as
                                    shall be identified by Mellon HBV shall
                                    execute lock-up agreements restricting the
                                    disposal of their shares of capital stock of
                                    the Company to no more than 10% of their
                                    total holdings annually for a period of two
                                    years from the Closing.

BOARD REPRESENTATION;               The Board of Directors of the Company shall
D&O INSURANCE                       be fixed at seven POLICY directors, to be
                                    designated as set forth above under "Stock
                                    Purchase Agreement; Ancillary Agreements"
                                    and codified in the Certificate of
                                    Designations of the Series A Preferred.
                                    Prior to the Closing, the Company shall have
                                    obtained a Directors' and Officers'
                                    liability insurance policy acceptable to
                                    Mellon in it sole discretion.

KEY-MAN LIFE INSURANCE              Effective upon the Closing, the Company
                                    shall have obtained key-man life insurance,
                                    naming the Company as beneficiary, on the
                                    lives of those executives of the Company
                                    identified by Mellon HBV, in a face amount
                                    to be determined by Mellon HBV.

KEY EMPLOYEE AGREEMENTS             The Company shall use commercially
                                    reasonable efforts to have those key
                                    employees identified jointly by Mellon HBV
                                    and the Company enter into a customary
                                    Non-Disclosure, Non-Competition, Proprietary
                                    Rights and Invention Assignment Agreement.

MANAGEMENT FEE                      Mellon HBV shall be entitled to receive an
                                    annual aggregate management fee of $125,000
                                    payable by the Company quarterly in advance,
                                    with the first quarterly payment to be due
                                    on the day of the Closing. The management
                                    fee shall be subject to the review of the
                                    Board of Directors of the Company on each
                                    one year anniversary of the Closing.



