
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 1.2


                                     ANNEX B
                                     -------

                                SUMMARY OF TERMS
                                       FOR
                                 DEBT FINANCING


THE BORROWER                        uWink, Inc. (the "Company")

THE LENDER                          Mellon HBV Alternative Strategies LLC and/or
                                    its affiliates and assigns ("Mellon HBV")

REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY           $4,000,000 revolving credit facility,
                                    $2,000,000 of which shall be drawn at
                                    closing (the "Initial Draw").

INTEREST RATE                       LIBOR plus 600 basis points calculated on
                                    the basis of actual number of days elapsed
                                    in a 360 day year.

FACILITY FEE                        A Facility Fee of $80,000 shall be payable
                                    at closing.

USE OF PROCEEDS                     The Initial Draw shall be used to fund a
                                    portion of the final acquisition price of
                                    substantially all of the assets of Sega
                                    Gameworks LLC (the "Target Assets"). All
                                    other amounts available under the Revolving
                                    Credit Facility shall be used for working
                                    capital and other corporate purposes.

MATURITY                            The Revolving Credit Facility shall
                                    terminate and all amounts outstanding
                                    thereunder shall be due and payable on the
                                    date that is three years after the closing.

COLLATERAL                          The Revolving Credit Facility will be
                                    secured by a first priority, perfected
                                    security interest in all existing and
                                    after-acquired tangible and intangible
                                    property of the Company, including, without
                                    limitation, the following: (i) all
                                    equipment, motor vehicles, furniture and
                                    fixtures, general intangibles (including all
                                    patents, trademarks, copyrights and other
                                    intellectual property), contracts,
                                    inventory, accounts receivable, deposit
                                    accounts, investment property, investment
                                    securities, intercompany notes, financial
                                    assets, (ii) the equity interests of each
                                    existing and future subsidiary of the
                                    Company, (iii) all existing and
                                    after-acquired interests in real property of
                                    the Company and its subsidiaries, (iv) the
                                    Target Assets, and (v) the proceeds of each
                                    of the foregoing. A negative pledge will
                                    apply to all assets, subject to agreed upon
                                    exceptions.

COMMITMENT REDUCTION                Upon three business days' prior written
                                    notice, the unutilized portion of the
                                    commitment under the Revolving Credit
                                    Facility may be irrevocably canceled by the
                                    Company in whole or in part.

<PAGE>

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT                The closing will be subject to satisfaction
TO CLOSING; CONDITIONS              of usual and customary conditions precedent,
PRECEDENT TO                        including, but not limited to, the
ADDITIONAL DRAWS                    following: (i) the negotiation, execution
                                    and delivery of the Credit Agreement and the
                                    other definitive documentation (including
                                    satisfactory legal opinions and other
                                    customary closing documents) for the
                                    Revolving Credit Facility satisfactory to
                                    Mellon HBV; (ii) the completion of Mellon
                                    HBV's business and legal due diligence
                                    review of the Company and the acquisition of
                                    the Target Assets to its satisfaction; (iii)
                                    the non-occurrence of any material adverse
                                    change in the business or prospects of the
                                    Company; (iv) the obtaining of all requisite
                                    consents, approvals and waivers; (v) a
                                    favorable legal opinion of counsel to the
                                    Company; and (vi) simultaneous consummation
                                    of the acquisition of the Target Assets for
                                    a total consideration of no more than
                                    $10,000,000.

                                    Additional draws will be subject to
                                    satisfaction of usual and customary
                                    conditions precedent, including, but not
                                    limited to, the following: (i) all
                                    representations and warranties in the Credit
                                    Agreement are true and correct in all
                                    material respects as of the date of each
                                    draw, and (ii) no default or event of
                                    default under the Credit Agreement has
                                    occurred and is continuing or would result
                                    from such draw.

REPRESENTATIONS AND                 The representations and warranties to be
WARRANTIES                          contained in the definitive documents
                                    related to the Revolving Credit Facility
                                    shall be usual and customary.

NON-FINANCIAL COVENANTS             The non-financial covenants shall be usual
                                    and customary. These covenants will include:
                                    (i) delivery of financial statements,
                                    relevant regulatory and/or SEC filings,
                                    compliance certificates and notices of
                                    default, material litigation, material
                                    governmental and environmental proceedings;
                                    (ii) corporate existence and compliance with
                                    laws; (iii) payment of taxes; (iv)
                                    maintenance of insurance; (v) limitation on
                                    mergers and sales of assets; (vi) keeping of
                                    books; (vii) visitation rights; and (viii)
                                    maintenance of, or causing to be in full
                                    force and effect, any governmental
                                    authorization or approval necessary in
                                    connection with the operation by the Company
                                    of its business. The Company shall not be
                                    obligated to deliver financial statements or
                                    SEC filings to the Lender if such financial
                                    statements or SEC filings are available
                                    through the Edgar system.


                                      -2-
<PAGE>

FINANCIAL                           The financial covenants shall be usual and
COVENANTS                           customary and shall be mutually acceptable
                                    to Mellon HBV and the Company.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT                   The events of default shall be usual and
                                    customary and shall include the following
                                    (subject to usual and customary grace, cure
                                    and notice periods and materiality
                                    thresholds): (i) nonpayment of principal,
                                    interest, fees or other amounts, (ii)
                                    violation of covenants, (iii) inaccuracy of
                                    representations and warranties, (iv)
                                    cross-default to other debt, (v) bankruptcy
                                    and other insolvency events, (vi) unpaid or
                                    unstayed judgments in excess of $100,000,
                                    (vii) pension and benefits matters, (viii)
                                    invalidity of any loan documentation or any
                                    lien provided on the Collateral, and (ix)
                                    and change of control.

ASSIGNMENTS                         Mellon HBV will be permitted to make
                                    assignments in acceptable minimum amounts to
                                    eligible financial institutions approved by
                                    the Company, which approvals shall not be
                                    unreasonably withheld or delayed.

GOVERNING LAW                       New York


                                      -3-

