

                                                                     Exhibit 4.8

                              SMARTIRE SYSTEMS INC.

                      2004 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN (NON-U.S.)

      1.    PURPOSE

The purpose of this 2004 Non-U.S.  Stock Incentive Plan of SmarTire Systems Inc.
(the  "Company")  is to advance  the  interests  of the  Company by  encouraging
Eligible Employees (as herein defined) to acquire shares of the Company, thereby
increasing their proprietary interest in the Company, encouraging them to remain
associated with the Company and furnish them with additional  incentive in their
efforts of the Company in the conduct of their affairs.

This Plan is specifically designed for Eligible Employees of the Company who are
not  residents of the United States and/or not subject to taxation in the United
States,  although  Awards  under  this  Plan may be  issued  to  other  Eligible
Employees.

      2.    DEFINITIONS

As used herein, the following definitions shall apply:

      (a)   "Administrator"  means the Board or a  Committee  of the Board  duly
            appointed by the Board as the Administrator hereof;

      (b)   "Affiliate"  and  "Associate"  shall  have the  respective  meanings
            ascribed to such terms in the Securities Act.

      (c)   "Applicable  Laws"  means the  legal  requirements  relating  to the
            administration  of stock incentive  plans, if any, under  applicable
            provisions  of  federal   securities   laws,   state  corporate  and
            securities  laws,  the  Securities  Act, the rules of any applicable
            stock  exchange  or  national  market  system,  and the rules of any
            foreign  jurisdiction  applicable  to Awards  granted  to  residents
            therein.

      (d)   "Award" means the grant of an Option, SAR, Restricted Stock or other
            right or benefit  under the Plan.  (e) "Award  Agreement"  means the
            written  agreement  evidencing the grant of an Award executed by the
            Company and the Grantee, including any amendments thereto.

      (f)   "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

      (g)   "Cause" means,  with respect to the  termination by the Company or a
            Related  Entity  of the  Grantee's  Continuous  Service,  that  such
            termination  is for `Cause' as such term is  expressly  defined in a
            then-effective written agreement between the Grantee and the Company
            or such  Related  Entity,  or in the absence of such  then-effective
            written agreement and definition,  is based on, in the determination
            of the Administrator, the Grantee's:

            (i)   refusal  or failure to act in  accordance  with any  specific,
                  lawful direction or order of the Company or a Related Entity;

<PAGE>

            (ii)  unfitness  or  unavailability  for  service or  unsatisfactory
                  performance (other than as a result of Disability);

            (iii) performance  of any act or failure  to perform  any act in bad
                  faith and to the detriment of the Company or a Related Entity;

            (iv)  dishonesty,  intentional  misconduct or material breach of any
                  agreement with the Company or a Related Entity; or

            (v)   commission of a crime involving  dishonesty,  breach of trust,
                  or physical or  emotional  harm to any person.

      (h)   "Change in Control"  means a change in  ownership  or control of the
            Company effected through either of the following transactions:

            (i)   the direct or  indirect  acquisition  by any person or related
                  group of persons  (other  than an  acquisition  from or by the
                  Company or by a Company-sponsored  employee benefit plan or by
                  a person that directly or indirectly  controls,  is controlled
                  by,  or  is  under  common   control  with,  the  Company)  of
                  beneficial ownership of securities  possessing more than fifty
                  percent  (50%)  of the  total  combined  voting  power  of the
                  Company's  outstanding  securities  pursuant  to a  tender  or
                  exchange  offer made  directly to the  Company's  shareholders
                  which  a  majority  of the  Continuing  Directors  who are not
                  Affiliates or Associates of the offeror do not recommend  such
                  shareholders accept, or

            (ii)  a change  in the  composition  of the  Board  over a period of
                  thirty-six  (36)  months or less such that a  majority  of the
                  Board members (rounded up to the next whole number) ceases, by
                  reason  of  one  or  more   contested   elections   for  Board
                  membership,  to be comprised of individuals who are Continuing
                  Directors.

      (i)   "Committee" means any committee appointed by the Board to administer
            the Plan.

      (j)   "Common Stock" means the common stock of the Company.

      (k)   "Company" means SmarTire Systems Inc., a British Columbia company.

      (l)   "Consultant"  means any person  (other than an Employee  or,  solely
            with respect to rendering  services in such  person's  capacity as a
            Director)  who is engaged by the  Company or any  Related  Entity to
            render  consulting  or  advisory  services  to the  Company  or such
            Related Entity.

      (m)   "Continuing  Directors"  means  members  of the Board who either (i)
            have  been  Board  members  continuously  for a  period  of at least
            thirty-six (36) months or (ii) have been Board members for less than
            thirty-six (36) months and were elected or nominated for election as
            Board members by at least a majority of the Board members  described
            in clause (i) who were still in office at the time such  election or
            nomination was approved by the Board.

      (n)   "Continuous  Service"  means that the  provision  of services to the
            Company or a Related Entity in any capacity of Employee, Director or
            Consultant,  is not  interrupted or terminated.  Continuous  Service
            shall not be considered  interrupted in the case of (i) any approved
            leave of absence, (ii) transfers between locations of the Company or

                                       2
<PAGE>

            among the Company,  any Related  Entity,  or any  successor,  in any
            capacity of Employee, Director or Consultant, or (iii) any change in
            status  as long as the  individual  remains  in the  service  of the
            Company or a Related Entity in any capacity of Employee, Director or
            Consultant (except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement). An
            approved leave of absence shall include sick leave,  military leave,
            or any other authorized  personal leave. For purposes of Options, no
            such leave may exceed  ninety (90) days,  unless  reemployment  upon
            expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract.

      (o)   "Corporate Transaction" means any of the following transactions:

            (i)   a merger  or  consolidation  in which the  Company  is not the
                  surviving  entity,  except  for a  transaction  the  principal
                  purpose  of which is to change the  jurisdiction  in which the
                  Company is organized;

            (ii)  the   sale,   transfer   or  other   disposition   of  all  or
                  substantially all of the assets of the Company  (including the
                  capital stock of the  Company's  subsidiary  corporations)  in
                  connection with the complete liquidation or dissolution of the
                  Company; or

            (iii) any  reverse  merger in which  the  Company  is the  surviving
                  entity  but in which  securities  possessing  more than  fifty
                  percent  (50%)  of the  total  combined  voting  power  of the
                  Company's  outstanding  securities are transferred to a person
                  or  persons  different  from  those who held  such  securities
                  immediately prior to such merger.

      (p)   "Director"  means a member of the Board or the board of directors of
            any Related Entity.

      (q)   "Disability"  means  that a  Grantee  is  unable  to  carry  out the
            responsibilities  and  functions of the position held by the Grantee
            by  reason  of  any  medically   determinable   physical  or  mental
            impairment.  A Grantee  will not be  considered  to have  incurred a
            Disability  unless  he or she  furnishes  proof  of such  impairment
            sufficient to satisfy the Administrator in its discretion.

      (r)   "Eligible  Employee" means any person who is an Officer, a Director,
            an Employee or a Consultant.

      (s)   "Employee" means any person,  including an Officer or Director,  who
            is a full-time or  part-time  employee of the Company or any Related
            Entity.

      (t)   "Fair Market Value" means, as of any date, the value of Common Stock
            determined as follows:

            (i)   Where there exists a public market for the Common  Stock,  the
                  Fair Market  Value shall be (A) the closing  price for a Share
                  for the  last  market  trading  day  prior  to the time of the
                  determination  (or, if no closing  price was  reported on that
                  date,  on the last trading  date on which a closing  price was
                  reported)   on   the   stock   exchange   determined   by  the
                  Administrator to be the primary market for the Common Stock or
                  the Nasdaq National Market,  whichever is applicable or (B) if
                  the  Common  Stock  is not  traded  on any  such  exchange  or
                  national  market  system,  the  average of the closing bid and
                  asked prices of a Share on the Nasdaq Small Cap Market for the
                  day  prior to the time of the  determination  (or,  if no such
                  prices were  reported on that date,  on the last date on which
                  such prices were  reported),  in each case, as reported in The
                  Wall Street Journal or such other source as the  Administrator
                  deems reliable; or


                                       3
<PAGE>

            (ii)  In the absence of an  established  market for the Common Stock
                  of the type  described  in  2.(s)(i),  above,  the Fair Market
                  Value thereof shall be determined by the Administrator in good
                  faith.

      (u)   "Grantee" means an Eligible  Employee who receives an Award pursuant
            to an Award  Agreement  under the Plan.

      (v)   "Insider" means:

            (i)   a Director or Senior Officer of the Company;

            (ii)  a Director  or Senior  Officer  of a person  that is itself an
                  Insider or Subsidiary of the Company;

            (iii) a person that has:

                  A.    direct or indirect  beneficial  ownership of,

                  B.    control or direction over, or

                  C.    a combination of direct or indirect beneficial ownership
                        of and control or direction

                  over  securities of the Company  carrying more than 10% of the
                  voting rights attached to all the Company's outstanding voting
                  securities,  excluding,  for the purpose of the calculation of
                  the  percentage  held,  any  securities  held by the person as
                  underwriter in the course of a distribution, or

            (iv)  the Company itself, if it has purchased, redeemed or otherwise
                  acquired any  securities  of its own issue,  for so long as it
                  continues to hold those securities.

      (w)   "Officer"  means a  person  who is an  officer,  including  a Senior
            Officer,  of the  Company or a Related  Entity  within  the  meaning
            prescribed to under the Securities Act and the rules and regulations
            promulgated thereunder.

      (x)   "Option"  means an option to  purchase  Shares  pursuant to an Award
            Agreement  granted  under the  Plan.

      (y)   "Parent"  means a "parent  corporation",  whether  now or  hereafter
            existing,  which  holds  a  majority  of the  voting  shares  of the
            Company.

      (z)   "Performance  Shares" means Shares or an Award denominated in Shares
            which  may  be  earned  in  whole  or in  part  upon  attainment  of
            performance criteria established by the Administrator.

      (aa)  "Performance  Units"  means an Award which may be earned in whole or
            in part upon attainment of performance  criteria  established by the
            Administrator  and which may be  settled  for cash,  Shares or other
            securities or a combination of cash,  Shares or other  securities as
            established by the Administrator.


                                       4
<PAGE>

      (bb)  "Plan" means this 2004 Stock Incentive Plan.

      (cc)  "Related  Entity"  means any Parent,  Subsidiary  and any  business,
            corporation,  partnership, limited liability company or other entity
            in which the Company,  a Parent or a Subsidiary  holds a substantial
            ownership interest, directly or indirectly.

      (dd)  "Restricted Stock" means Shares issued under the Plan to the Grantee
            for such consideration,  if any, and subject to such restrictions on
            transfer, rights of first refusal, repurchase provisions, forfeiture
            provisions,  and other terms and  conditions as  established  by the
            Administrator.

      (ee)  "SAR"  means a stock  appreciation  right  entitling  the Grantee to
            Shares or cash  compensation,  as established by the  Administrator,
            measured by appreciation in the value of Common Stock.

      (ff)  "Securities Act" means the British Columbia Securities Act, R.S.B.C.
            1996, as amended.

      (gg)  "Senior  Officer"  means:

            (i)   the  chair  or vice  chair  of the  Board,  the  president,  a
                  vice-president,   the  secretary,  or  the  treasurer  of  the
                  Company;

            (ii)  any individual who performs  functions for a person similar to
                  those normally performed by an individual occupying any office
                  specified in paragraph 2.(ff)(i) above, and

            (iii) the five (5) highest paid employees of the Company,  including
                  any   individual   referred  to  in  paragraph   2.(ff)(i)  or
                  2.(ff)(ii) and excluding a commissioned  salesperson  who does
                  not act in a managerial capacity.

      (hh)  "Share" means a share of the Common Stock.

      (ii)  "Subsidiary"  means  a  "subsidiary  corporation",  whether  now  or
            hereafter existing, as determined by British Columbia corporate law.

      (jj)  "Related Entity  Disposition" means the sale,  distribution or other
            disposition  by  the  Company  of all  or  substantially  all of the
            Company's interests in any Related Entity effected by a sale, merger
            or consolidation or other transaction  involving that Related Entity
            or the  sale  of all or  substantially  all of the  assets  of  that
            Related Entity.

3.    STOCK SUBJECT TO THE PLAN

Subject to the provisions of Section 10, below, the maximum  aggregate number of
Shares which may be issued pursuant to all Awards  (including  Options) is Fifty
Million  (50,000,000)  Shares. The Shares to be issued pursuant to Awards may be
authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock.

Any Shares  covered by an Award (or portion of an Award)  which is  forfeited or
cancelled,  expires  or is  settled  in cash,  shall be deemed  not to have been
issued for purposes of determining the maximum  aggregate number of Shares which
may be issued under the Plan.  Shares that  actually  have been issued under the
Plan pursuant to an Award shall not be returned to the Plan and shall not become
available  for  future  issuance  under the  Plan,  except  that if  Shares  are
forfeited or repurchased by the Company at their original  purchase price,  such
Shares shall become available for future grant under the Plan.


                                       5
<PAGE>

No Insider of the Company is eligible to receive an Award where:

      (a)   Insiders  are not  Directors  or Senior  Officers of the Company and
            receiving Options as Consultants of the Company;

      (b)   any  Award,  together  with all of the  Company's  other  previously
            established or proposed Awards could result at any time in:

            (i)   the number of Shares reserved for issuance pursuant to Options
                  granted to Insiders  exceeding 10% of the outstanding issue of
                  Common Stock; or

            (ii)  the issuance to Insiders, within a one year period of a number
                  of Shares exceeding 10% of the outstanding issue of the Common
                  Stock;

provided,  however,  that this  restriction  on the  eligibility  of Insiders to
receive  an Award  will  cease to apply if it is no  longer  required  under any
Applicable Laws.

4.    ADMINISTRATION

      (a)   Plan Administrator

            (i)   Administration  with  Respect  to  Eligible  Employees.   With
                  respect to grants of Awards to  Eligible  Employees,  the Plan
                  shall be  administered  by (A) the  Board  or (B) a  Committee
                  designated by the Board,  which Committee shall be constituted
                  in such a manner  as to  satisfy  the  Applicable  Laws.  Once
                  appointed,  such  Committee  shall  continue  to  serve in its
                  designated capacity until otherwise directed by the Board.

            (ii)  Administration  Errors.  In the event an Award is granted in a
                  manner  inconsistent  with the  provisions of this  subsection
                  4.(a), such Award shall be presumptively valid as of its grant
                  date to the extent permitted by the Applicable Laws.

      (b)   Powers of the  Administrator.  Subject  to  Applicable  Laws and the
            provisions  of the Plan  (including  any other  powers  given to the
            Administrator  hereunder),  and except as otherwise  provided by the
            Board,  the   Administrator   shall  have  the  authority,   in  its
            discretion:

            (i)   to select the Eligible Employees to whom Awards may be granted
                  from time to time hereunder;

            (ii)  to  determine  whether and to what  extent  Awards are granted
                  hereunder;

            (iii) to  determine  the  number of  Shares  or the  amount of other
                  consideration to be covered by each Award granted hereunder;

            (iv)  to approve forms of Award  Agreements  for use under the Plan;


                                       6
<PAGE>

            (v)   to determine  the terms and  conditions  of any Award  granted
                  hereunder;

            (vi)  to amend the terms of any outstanding  Award granted under the
                  Plan,  including a reduction  in the  exercise  price (or base
                  amount  on which  appreciation  is  measured)  of any Award to
                  reflect a  reduction  in the Fair  Market  Value of the Common
                  Stock  since the grant  date of the Award,  provided  that any
                  amendment  that would  adversely  affect the Grantee's  rights
                  under an  outstanding  Award  shall  not be made  without  the
                  Grantee's written consent;

            (vii) the Administrator shall have the right to suspend the right of
                  a holder to  exercise  all or part of a stock  option  for any
                  reason that the  Administrator  considers in the best interest
                  of the Company;

            (viii)to   establish   additional   terms,   conditions,   rules  or
                  procedures  to  accommodate  the  rules or laws of  applicable
                  foreign   jurisdictions  and  to  afford  Grantees  favourable
                  treatment under such laws;  provided,  however,  that no Award
                  shall be granted under any such additional terms,  conditions,
                  rules  or  procedures  with  terms  or  conditions  which  are
                  inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan; and

            (ix)  to take such other action,  not inconsistent with the terms of
                  the Plan, as the Administrator deems appropriate.

      (c)   Effect of Administrator's  Decision.  All decisions,  determinations
            and  interpretations  of the  Administrator  shall be conclusive and
            binding on all persons.

5.    ELIGIBILITY

Options and Awards other than Options may be granted to Eligible  Employees.  An
Eligible Employee who has been granted an Award may, if otherwise  eligible,  be
granted additional Awards.

6.    TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF AWARDS

      (a)   Type of Awards.  The  Administrator  is authorized under the Plan to
            award any type of  arrangement  to an Eligible  Employee that is not
            inconsistent  with the  provisions of the Plan and that by its terms
            involves  or might  involve  the  issuance  of (i)  Shares,  (ii) an
            Option,  (iii) a SAR or similar right with a fixed or variable price
            related to the Fair Market  Value of the Shares and with an exercise
            or  conversion  privilege  related  to  the  passage  of  time,  the
            occurrence of one or more events, or the satisfaction of performance
            criteria or other  conditions,  or (iv) any other  security with the
            value  derived  from the value of the Shares.  Such awards  include,
            without  limitation,  Options,  SARs, sales or bonuses of Restricted
            Stock,  Performance  Units or Performance  Shares,  and an Award may
            consist of one such security or benefit,  or two (2) or more of them
            in any  combination or alternative.

      (b)   Designation  of Award.  Each Award shall be  designated in the Award
            Agreement.

      (c)   Conditions  of  Award.  Subject  to  the  terms  of  the  Plan,  the
            Administrator shall determine the provisions,  terms, and conditions
            of each Award  including,  but not  limited  to,  the Award  vesting
            schedule, repurchase provisions, rights of first refusal, forfeiture
            provisions,  form of payment (cash,  Shares, or other consideration)

                                       7
<PAGE>

            upon   settlement   of  the  Award,   payment   contingencies,   and
            satisfaction of any performance  criteria.  The performance criteria
            established  by the  Administrator  may be based  on any one of,  or
            combination of, increase in share price,  earnings per share,  total
            shareholder return,  return on equity,  return on assets,  return on
            investment, net operating income, cash flow, revenue, economic value
            added,  personal  management   objectives,   or  other  measures  of
            performance  selected by the Administrator.  Partial  achievement of
            the   specified   criteria  may  result  in  a  payment  or  vesting
            corresponding to the degree of achievement as specified in the Award
            Agreement.

      (d)   Acquisitions and Other  Transactions.  The  Administrator  may issue
            Awards under the Plan in settlement, assumption or substitution for,
            outstanding   awards  or  obligations  to  grant  future  awards  in
            connection  with the Company or a Related Entity  acquiring  another
            entity, an interest in another entity or an additional interest in a
            Related Entity whether by merger, stock purchase,  asset purchase or
            other form of transaction.

      (e)   Deferral of Award Payment.  The  Administrator  may establish one or
            more  programs  under  the  Plan to  permit  selected  Grantees  the
            opportunity to elect to defer receipt of consideration upon exercise
            of an Award,  satisfaction of performance  criteria,  or other event
            that  absent the  election  would  entitle the Grantee to payment or
            receipt  of  Shares  or  other  consideration  under an  Award.  The
            Administrator may establish the election  procedures,  the timing of
            such  elections,  the  mechanisms  for  payments  of, and accrual of
            interest or other  earnings,  if any,  on  amounts,  Shares or other
            consideration so deferred, and such other terms,  conditions,  rules
            and  procedures  that  the  Administrator  deems  advisable  for the
            administration of any such deferral program.

      (f)   Award Exchange Programs. The Administrator may establish one or more
            programs under the Plan to permit  selected  Grantees to exchange an
            Award under the Plan for one or more other types of Awards under the
            Plan on such terms and conditions as determined by the Administrator
            from time to time.

      (g)   Separate  Programs.  The  Administrator  may  establish  one or more
            separate  programs  under  the  Plan  for  the  purpose  of  issuing
            particular  forms of Awards to one or more  classes of  Grantees  on
            such terms and  conditions as determined by the  Administrator  from
            time to time.

      (h)   Individual  Option and SAR Limit.  The maximum number of Shares with
            respect to which  Options and SARs may be granted to any Employee in
            any fiscal year of the  Company  shall be five  percent  (5%) of the
            outstanding  Shares.  The  foregoing  limitation  shall be  adjusted
            proportionately  in  connection  with any  change  in the  Company's
            capitalization pursuant to Section 10, below.

      (i)   Early  Exercise.  The Award  Agreement may, but need not,  include a
            provision  whereby  the  Grantee  may  elect  at any  time  while an
            Eligible  Employee to exercise any part or all of the Award prior to
            full vesting of the Award. Any unvested Shares received  pursuant to
            such exercise may be subject to a repurchase  right in favour of the
            Company  or a  Related  Entity  or  to  any  other  restriction  the
            Administrator determines to be appropriate.

      (j)   Term of Award.  The term of each Award  shall be the term  stated in
            the Award Agreement,  provided,  however, that the term of an Option
            shall be no more than ten (10) years from the date of grant thereof.


                                       8
<PAGE>

      (k)   Transferability  of  Awards.  Options  may  not  be  sold,  pledged,
            assigned,  hypothecated,  transferred,  or disposed of in any manner
            other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may
            be  exercised,  during  the  lifetime  of the  Grantee,  only by the
            Grantee;  provided,  however,  that  the  Grantee  may  designate  a
            beneficiary  of the  Grantee's  Option in the event of the Grantee's
            death  on  a   beneficiary   designation   form   provided   by  the
            Administrator.  Other  Awards  shall be  transferable  to the extent
            provided in the Award Agreement.

      (l)   Time of Granting Awards. The date of grant of an Award shall for all
            purposes  be  the  date  on  which  the   Administrator   makes  the
            determination  to  grant  such  Award,  or  such  other  date  as is
            determined by the Administrator.  Notice of the grant  determination
            shall be given to each  Employee,  Director or Consultant to whom an
            Award is so granted within a reasonable  time after the date of such
            grant.

7.    AWARD EXERCISE OR PURCHASE PRICE, CONSIDERATION, TAXES AND RELOAD OPTIONS

      (a)   Exercise or Purchase Price.  The exercise or purchase price, if any,
            for  an  Award  shall  be as  determined  by  the  Administrator  in
            compliance with the Applicable Laws.

      (b)   Consideration.  Subject to Applicable Laws, the  consideration to be
            paid for the Shares to be issued  upon  exercise  or  purchase of an
            Award  including  the method of payment,  shall be determined by the
            Administrator (and, in the case of an Option, shall be determined at
            the time of grant).  In addition to any other types of consideration
            the Administrator may determine,  the Administrator is authorized to
            accept  as  consideration  for  Shares  issued  under  the  Plan the
            following:

            (i)   cash;

            (ii)  check;

            (iii) surrender of Shares or delivery of a properly executed form of
                  attestation  of ownership of Shares as the  Administrator  may
                  require (including withholding of Shares otherwise deliverable
                  upon  exercise of the Award) which have a Fair Market Value on
                  the date of surrender or  attestation  equal to the  aggregate
                  exercise  price of the Shares as to which said Award  shall be
                  exercised  (but only to the extent  that such  exercise of the
                  Award would not result in an  accounting  compensation  charge
                  with  respect to the  Shares  used to pay the  exercise  price
                  unless otherwise determined by the Administrator); or

            (iv)  any combination of the foregoing methods of payment.

      (c)   Taxes. No Shares shall be delivered under the Plan to any Grantee or
            other   person   until  such   Grantee  or  other  person  has  made
            arrangements acceptable to the Administrator for the satisfaction of
            any foreign,  federal,  state,  or local income and  employment  tax
            withholding obligations,  including, without limitation, obligations
            incident to the receipt of Shares or the  disqualifying  disposition
            of Shares  received on exercise  of an Option.  Upon  exercise of an
            Award,  the Company shall withhold or collect from Grantee an amount
            sufficient to satisfy such tax obligations.


                                       9
<PAGE>

      (d)   Reload  Options.  In the event the exercise price or tax withholding
            of an Option is satisfied by the Company or the  Grantee's  employer
            withholding  Shares  otherwise   deliverable  to  the  Grantee,  the
            Administrator may issue the Grantee an additional Option, with terms
            identical  to  the  Award  Agreement  under  which  the  Option  was
            exercised,   but  at  an  exercise   price  as   determined  by  the
            Administrator in accordance with the Plan.

8.    EXERCISE OF AWARD

      (a)   Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Shareholder.

            (i)   Any Award granted hereunder shall be exercisable at such times
                  and under such  conditions as determined by the  Administrator
                  under  the  terms  of the  Plan  and  specified  in the  Award
                  Agreement.

            (ii)  An Award shall be deemed to be exercised  when written  notice
                  of such  exercise has been given to the Company in  accordance
                  with the terms of the Award by the person entitled to exercise
                  the Award and full  payment  for the  Shares  with  respect to
                  which the Award is received by the Company. Until the issuance
                  (as  evidenced  by the  appropriate  entry on the books of the
                  Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company)
                  of the stock  certificate  evidencing such Shares, no right to
                  vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a shareholder
                  shall  exist  with  respect  to  Shares  subject  to an Award,
                  notwithstanding  the exercise of an Option or other Award. The
                  Company  shall  issue  (or  cause  to be  issued)  such  stock
                  certificate promptly upon exercise of the Award. No adjustment
                  will be made for a  dividend  or other  right  for  which  the
                  record  date is prior to the date  the  stock  certificate  is
                  issued,  except as provided in the Award  Agreement or Section
                  10, below.

      (b)   Exercise of Award Following Termination of Continuous Service.

            (i)   An Award may not be exercised  after the  termination  date of
                  such  Award  set  forth  in the  Award  Agreement  and  may be
                  exercised following the termination of a Grantee's  Continuous
                  Service only to the extent provided in the Award Agreement.

            (ii)  Where the Award  Agreement  permits a Grantee to  exercise  an
                  Award  following the  termination of the Grantee's  Continuous
                  Service for a specified  period,  the Award shall terminate to
                  the  extent  not  exercised  on the last day of the  specified
                  period  or the last  day of the  original  term of the  Award,
                  whichever occurs first.

      (c)   Buyout  Provisions.  The  Administrator may at any time offer to buy
            out for a payment in cash or Shares,  an Award  previously  granted,
            based  on such  terms  and  conditions  as the  Administrator  shall
            establish and communicate to the Grantee at the time that such offer
            is made.

9.    CONDITIONS UPON ISSUANCE OF SHARES

      (a)   Shares  shall not be issued  pursuant  to the  exercise  of an Award
            unless the  exercise of such Award and the  issuance and delivery of
            such Shares pursuant  thereto shall comply with all Applicable Laws,
            and shall be further  subject  to the  approval  of counsel  for the
            Company with respect to such compliance.


                                       10
<PAGE>

      (b)   As a condition to the exercise of an Award,  the Company may require
            the person  exercising  such Award to  represent  and warrant at the
            time of any such exercise that the Shares are being  purchased  only
            for  investment  and  without  any  present  intention  to  sell  or
            distribute  such  Shares  if,  in the  opinion  of  counsel  for the
            Company, such a representation is required by any Applicable Laws.

10.   ADJUSTMENTS UPON CHANGES IN CAPITALIZATION

Subject to any required action by the shareholders of the Company, the number of
Shares covered by each  outstanding  Award,  and the number of Shares which have
been  authorized  for issuance under the Plan but as to which no Awards have yet
been granted or which have been  returned to the Plan,  the exercise or purchase
price of each  such  outstanding  Award,  as well as any  other  terms  that the
Administrator  determines require  adjustment shall be proportionately  adjusted
for (i) any increase or decrease in the number of issued Shares resulting from a
stock   split,   reverse   stock   split,   stock   dividend,   combination   or
reclassification  of the  Shares,  (ii) any other  increase  or  decrease in the
number of  issued  Shares  effected  without  receipt  of  consideration  by the
Company,  or (iii) as the  Administrator  may determine in its  discretion,  any
other reorganization transaction with respect to Common Stock; provided, however
that conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be deemed
to have been "effected without receipt of  consideration.  Such adjustment shall
be made by the Administrator and its determination  shall be final,  binding and
conclusive.  Except as the Administrator  determines, no issuance by the Company
of shares of stock of any class, or securities  convertible into shares of stock
of any class,  shall  affect,  and no  adjustment by reason hereof shall be made
with  respect  to,  the  number or price of  Shares  subject  to an  Award.

11.   CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS/CHANGES IN CONTROL/RELATED ENTITY DISPOSITIONS

Except as may be provided in an Award Agreement the Administrator shall have the
authority,  exercisable either in advance of any actual or anticipated Corporate
Transaction,  Change in Control or Related Entity  Disposition or at the time of
an actual Corporate Transaction, Change in Control or Related Entity Disposition
and  exercisable at the time of the grant of an Award under the Plan or any time
while an Award remains  outstanding,  to provide for the full automatic  vesting
and exercisability of one or more outstanding unvested Awards under the Plan and
the release from restrictions on transfer and repurchase or forfeiture rights of
such Awards in  connection  with a Corporate  Transaction,  Change in Control or
Related Entity  Disposition,  on such terms and conditions as the  Administrator
may specify.  The  Administrator  also shall have the authority to condition any
such Award vesting and  exercisability or release from such limitations upon the
subsequent  termination  of the  Continuous  Service  of the  Grantee  within  a
specified  period  following  the effective  date of the Corporate  Transaction,
Change in Control or Related Entity  Disposition.  The Administrator may provide
that any Awards so vested or released from such limitations in connection with a
Change in Control or Related Entity Disposition,  shall remain fully exercisable
until the  expiration or sooner  termination  of the Award.  Effective  upon the
consummation of a Corporate  Transaction,  all outstanding Awards under the Plan
shall terminate unless assumed by the successor company or its parent.

12.   EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERM OF PLAN

The Plan shall become  effective  upon its adoption by the Board of Directors of
the  Company.  It shall  continue in effect for a term of ten (10) years  unless
sooner terminated. Subject to Section 17, below, and Applicable Laws, Awards may
be granted under the Plan upon its becoming effective.


                                       11
<PAGE>

13.   AMENDMENT, SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF THE PLAN

      (a)   The Board may at any time amend,  suspend or terminate  the Plan. To
            the extent  necessary to comply with  Applicable  Laws,  the Company
            shall obtain  shareholder  approval of any Plan  amendment in such a
            manner and to such a degree as required.

      (b)   No Award may be granted  during any  suspension of the Plan or after
            termination  of  the  Plan.

      (c)   Any  amendment,  suspension or  termination  of the Plan  (including
            termination  of the Plan  under  Section  13 (a),  above)  shall not
            affect Awards already granted,  and such Awards shall remain in full
            force and effect as if the Plan had not been  amended,  suspended or
            terminated, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Grantee and
            the Administrator,  which agreement must be in writing and signed by
            the Grantee and the Company.

14.   RESERVATION OF SHARES

      (a)   The Company,  during the term of the Plan, will at all times reserve
            and keep  available  such number of Shares as shall be sufficient to
            satisfy the requirements of the Plan.

      (b)   The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory
            body having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed by the Company's
            counsel  to be  necessary  to the  lawful  issuance  and sale of any
            Shares  hereunder,  shall  relieve the Company of any  liability  in
            respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such
            requisite  authority shall not have been obtained.

15.   NO EFFECT ON TERMS OF EMPLOYMENT/CONSULTING RELATIONSHIP

The Plan  shall not  confer  upon any  Grantee  any right  with  respect  to the
Grantee's  Continuous Service, nor shall it interfere in any way with his or her
right or the Company's  right to terminate the Grantee's  Continuous  Service at
any time, with or without cause.

16.   NO EFFECT ON RETIREMENT AND OTHER BENEFIT PLANS

Except as  specifically  provided in a retirement  or other  benefit plan of the
Company  or a  Related  Entity,  Awards  shall not be  deemed  compensation  for
purposes of computing benefits or contributions under any retirement plan of the
Company or a Related  Entity,  and shall not affect any benefits under any other
benefit plan of any kind or any benefit plan subsequently instituted under which
the availability or amount of benefits is related to level of compensation.


                                       12
<PAGE>

17.   GOVERNING LAW

The Plan shall be governed by the laws of the  Province of British  Columbia and
the laws of  Canada  applicable  therein;  provided,  however,  that  any  Award
Agreement  may provide by its terms that it shall be governed by the laws of any
other jurisdiction as may be deemed appropriate by the parties thereto.



                                       13

