

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1

NEWS RELEASE
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

ARIZONA EMBRACES RECOVERY  AUDITING;  ADOPTS FORTUNE 500 CORPORATE BEST PRACTICE
TO MAKE EVERY TAXPAYER DOLLAR COUNT; PRG-SCHULTZ AWARDED TWO YEAR RECOVERY AUDIT
CONTRACT

ATLANTA--(BUSINESS   WIRE)--Dec.  16,  2004--PRG-Schultz   International,   Inc.
(NASDAQ: PRGX) today announced that the State of Arizona has awarded the company
a contract to provide  comprehensive  recovery  audit services over the next two
years with a maximum contract extension of an additional three years,  beginning
November 17,  2004.  Under the  contract,  PRG-Schultz  will  examine  Arizona's
procurement and disbursement data including  Medicaid.  The contract was awarded
as part of Governor Janet Napolitano's  Efficiency Review program to improve the
performance and efficiency of State  government.  Terms of the contract were not
disclosed.

John Cook,  Chairman and Chief  Executive  Officer of PRG-Schultz  stated,  "The
State  of  Arizona  is in  the  vanguard  of  state  and  local  governments  in
recognizing the need to adopt recovery auditing,  a best practice of Fortune 500
companies.  Governor  Napolitano and State Comptroller Clark Partridge recognize
that vendor  overpayments and contract  oversights are costs that can and should
be controlled,  and are not just a cost of doing business.  By adopting recovery
auditing,  Arizona can make every  taxpayer  dollar count.

Cook  added,  "We are  pleased  to be  working  with  Arizona,  and to have  the
opportunity to conduct a  comprehensive  audit,  including  Arizona's  Medicaid.
PRG-Schultz has the necessary  expertise to help Arizona identify,  validate and
recover overpayments  quickly and efficiently,  with the ultimate goal of saving
money for Arizona taxpayers. We believe that as more state and local governments
follow  Arizona's  lead and adopt the best  practices of Fortune 500  companies,
more   overpayments   will  be  identified  and  recovered."

About  PRG-Schultz

International,  Inc. Headquartered in Atlanta,  PRG-Schultz International,  Inc.
(PRG-Schultz)  is the world's leading recovery audit firm.  PRG-Schultz  employs
approximately  2,900  employees,  providing  clients in over 40  countries  with
insightful  value to optimize and expertly  manage their business  transactions.
Using proprietary software and expert audit methodologies,  PRG-Schultz industry
specialists  review  client  invoices,  purchase  orders,  receiving  documents,
databases,  and correspondence files to recover lost profits due to overpayments
or    under-deductions.

- ----------------------------------------
CONTACT:
      PRG-Schultz International, Inc.
      James Moylan, 770-779-6605
- ----------------------------------------
SOURCE: PRG-Schultz International, Inc.

"Safe Harbor"  Statement under the Private  Securities  Litigation Reform Act of
1995:  Statements in this press  release  regarding  PRG-Schultz  International,
Inc.'s business which are not historical facts are "forward-looking  statements"
that  involve  risks  and  uncertainties.  For a  discussion  of such  risks and
uncertainties,  which could cause actual results to differ from those  contained
in the  forward-looking  statements,  see "Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual
Report or Form 10-K for the most recently ended fiscal year.


