











                                  EXHIBIT 3.2

                        BYLAWS ADOPTED DECEMBER 17, 2004











<PAGE>

                                     BYLAWS

                                       OF

                               CIROND CORPORATION
                              A NEVADA CORPORATION


                                    ARTICLE I
                                     OFFICES

Section 1.        PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OR BUSINESS OFFICES. The Board of
                  Directors shall fix the location of the principal executive
                  office of the corporation at any place within or outside the
                  State of Nevada. If the principal executive office is located
                  outside Nevada and the corporation has one or more business
                  offices in Nevada, the Board of Directors shall fix and
                  designate a principal business office in Nevada.

Section 2.        OTHER OFFICES. Branch or subordinate offices may be
                  established at any time and at any place by the Board of
                  Directors.

                                   ARTICLE II
                            MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDERS

Section 1.        PLACE OF MEETINGS. Meetings of shareholders shall be held at
                  any place within or outside the State of Nevada designated by
                  the Board of Directors. in the absence of a designation by the
                  board, shareholders' meetings shall be held at the
                  corporation's principal executive office.

Section 2.        ANNUAL MEETING. The annual meeting of shareholders shall be
                  held each year on a date and at a time designated by the Board
                  of Directors.

                  The date so designated shall be as soon as practicable after
                  the end of the Corporation's fiscal year so as to permit the
                  corporation to comply with all applicable state corporate law
                  provisions and proxy rules of the Securities and Exchange
                  Commission, including sending an annual report with audited
                  financial statements for the fiscal year just completed
                  together with the notice of the meeting.

                  At each annual meeting, Directors shall be elected and any
                  other proper business within the power of the shareholders may
                  be transacted.

Section 3.        SPECIAL MEETINGS. A special meeting of the shareholders for
                  any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the board
                  of directors, and shall be called by the President or any Vice
                  President at (a) the request in writing of a majority of the
                  Board, or (b) at the written demand, delivered to the
                  Secretary, of shareholders

                                                                  Page 1 of 27
<PAGE>


                  holding of record not less than 60% of the number of shares of
                  the Corporation at the time outstanding and entitled to vote
                  with respect to the business to be transacted at such meeting.
                  All requests or demands for special meetings shall state the
                  purpose or purposes thereof, and the business transacted at
                  such meeting shall be confined to the purposes stated in the
                  call and matters germane thereto.

Section 4.        NOTICE OF SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS. All notices of meetings of
                  shareholders shall be sent or otherwise given in accordance
                  with the requirements of Section 5 of this Article II and
                  shall not be fewer than 10 or more than 60 days before the
                  date of the meeting. Shareholders entitled to notice shall be
                  determined in accordance with the provision of Section 11 of
                  this Article II. The notice shall specify the place, date, and
                  hour of the meeting, the means of electronic communications,
                  if any, by which shareholders and proxies shall be deemed to
                  be present in person and vote, and (i) in the case of a
                  special meeting, the general nature of the business to be
                  transacted, or (ii) in the case of the annual meeting, those
                  matters that the Board of Directors, at the time of giving the
                  notice, intends to present for action by the shareholders. If
                  Directors are to be elected, the notice shall include the
                  names of all nominees whom the Board intends, at the time of
                  notice, to present for election.

                  The notice shall also state the general nature of any proposed
                  action to be taken at the meeting to approve any of the
                  following matters:

                  (i)   A transaction in which a Director has a financial
                        interest;

                  (ii)  An amendment of the Articles of Incorporation;

                  (iii) A reorganization;

                  (iv)  A voluntary dissolution; or

                  (v)   A distribution in dissolution that requires approval of
                        the outstanding shares.

Section 5.        MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE: AFFIDAVIT OF NOTICE. Notice of any
                  shareholders' meeting shall be given either personally, by
                  first-class mail or by any means provided for in the Nevada
                  General Corporation Law, charges prepaid, addressed to the
                  shareholder at the address appearing on the corporation's
                  books or given by the shareholder to the corporation for
                  purposes of notice. If no address appears on the corporation's
                  books or has been given as specified above, notice shall be
                  either (1) sent by first-class mail addressed to the
                  shareholder at the corporation's principal executive office,
                  or (2) published at least once in a newspaper of general
                  circulation in the country where the corporation's principal
                  executive office is located. Notice is deemed to have been
                  given at the time when delivered personally or deposited in
                  the mail or sent by other means of written communication.


                                                                  Page 2 of 27
<PAGE>

                  If any notice or report mailed to a shareholder at the address
                  appearing on the corporation's books is returned marked to
                  indicate that the United States Postal Service is unable to
                  deliver the document to the shareholder at that address, all
                  future notices or reports shall be deemed to have been duly
                  given without further mailing if the corporation holds the
                  document available for the shareholder on written demand at
                  the corporation's principal executive office for a period of
                  one year from the date the notice or report was given to all
                  other shareholders.

                  An affidavit of the mailing, or other authorized means of
                  giving notice or delivering a document, of any notice of
                  shareholders' meeting, report, or other document sent to
                  shareholders, may be executed by the corporation's Secretary,
                  Assistant Secretary, or transfer agent, and, if executed,
                  shall be filed and maintained in the minute book of the
                  corporation.

Section 6.        QUORUM. The presence in person or by proxy of the holders of
                  one-third of the shares entitled to vote at any meeting of the
                  shareholders shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of
                  business. The shareholders present at a duly called or held
                  meeting at which a quorum is present may continue to do
                  business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of
                  enough shareholders to leave less than a quorum, if any action
                  taken (other than adjournment) is approved by at least a
                  majority of the shares required to constitute a quorum.

Section 7.        ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE. Any shareholders' meeting, annual
                  or special, whether or not a quorum is present, may be
                  adjourned from time to time by the vote of the majority of the
                  shares represented at that meeting, either in person or by
                  proxy, but in the absence of a quorum, no other business may
                  be transacted at that meeting, except as provided in Section 6
                  of this Article II.

                  When any meeting of shareholders, either annual or special, is
                  adjourned to another time or place, notice of the adjourned
                  meeting need not be given if the time and place are announced
                  at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, unless a new
                  record date for the adjourned meeting is fixed, or unless the
                  adjournment is for more than 60 days from the date set for the
                  original meeting, in which the Board of Directors shall set a
                  new record date. Notice of any such adjourned meeting, if
                  required, shall be given to each shareholder of record
                  entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, in accordance with
                  the provisions of Sections 4 and 5 of this Article II. At any
                  adjourned meeting, the corporation may transact any business
                  that might have been transacted at the original meeting.

Section 8.        VOTING. The shareholders entitled to vote at any meeting of
                  shareholders shall be determined in accordance with the
                  provisions of Section 11 of this Article II. The shareholders'
                  vote may be by voice vote or by ballot; provided, however,
                  that any election for Directors must be by ballot if demanded
                  by any shareholder before the voting has begun. On any matter
                  other than the election of Directors, any shareholder may vote
                  part of the shares the shareholder is to vote in favor of

                                                                  Page 3 of 27
<PAGE>

                  the proposal and refrain from voting the remaining shares or
                  vote them against the proposal, but if the shareholder fails
                  to specify the number of shares that the shareholder is voting
                  affirmatively, it will be conclusively presumed that the
                  shareholder's approving vote is with respect to all shares
                  that the shareholder is entitled to vote. If a quorum is
                  present (or if a quorum has been present earlier at the
                  meeting but some shareholders have withdrawn), the affirmative
                  vote of a majority of the shares represented and voting,
                  provided such shares voting affirmatively also constitute a
                  majority of the number of shares required for a quorum, shall
                  be the act of the shareholders unless the vote of a greater
                  number or voting by classes is required by law or by the
                  Articles of Incorporation.

                  At a shareholders' meeting at which Directors are to be
                  elected, no shareholder shall be entitled to cumulate votes.

Section 9.        WAIVER OF NOTICE OR CONSENT BY ABSENT SHAREHOLDERS. The
                  transactions of any meeting of shareholders, either annual or
                  special, however called and noticed and wherever held, shall
                  be as valid as though they were had at a meeting duly held
                  after regular call and notice, if a quorum is present either
                  in person or by proxy, and if each person entitled to vote who
                  was not present in person or by proxy, either before or after
                  the meeting, signs a written waiver of notice or a consent to
                  holding the meeting or an approval of the minutes of the
                  meeting.

                  A shareholder's attendance at a meeting also constitutes a
                  waiver of notice of that meeting, unless the shareholder at
                  the beginning of the meeting objects to the transaction of any
                  business on the ground that the meeting was not lawfully
                  called or convened. In addition, attendance at a meeting does
                  not constitute a waiver of any right to object to
                  consideration of matters required by law to be included in the
                  notice of the meeting which were not so included, if that
                  objection is expressly made at the meeting.

Section 10.       SHAREHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING. Any
                  action that could be taken at an annual or special meeting of
                  shareholders may be taken without a meeting and without prior
                  notice, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so
                  taken, is signed by the holders of at least a majority of the
                  voting power, except that if a different proportion of voting
                  power is required for such an action at a meeting, then that
                  proportion of written consents is required.

                  All consents shall be filed with the Secretary of the
                  corporation and shall be maintained in the corporate records.
                  Any shareholder or other authorized person who has given a
                  written consent may revoke it by a writing received by the
                  Secretary of the corporation before written consents required
                  to authorize the proposed action have been filed with the
                  Secretary.


                                                                  Page 4 of 27
<PAGE>

Section 11.       RECORD DATE FOR SHAREHOLDER NOTICE OF MEETING VOTING, AND
                  GIVING CONSENT.

                  (a)      For purposes of determining the shareholders entitled
                           to receive notice of and vote at a shareholders'
                           meeting or give written consent to corporate action
                           without a meeting, the Board may fix in advance a
                           record date that is not more than 60 nor less than 10
                           days before the date of a shareholders' meeting, or
                           not more than 60 days before any other action.

                  (b)      For the purpose of determining the shareholders
                           entitled to give written consent to corporate action
                           without a meeting, the Board may fix a date that does
                           not precede or be more than 10 days after the date
                           the resolution fixing such date is adopted by the
                           Board.

                  (c)      If no record date is fixed:

                           (i)      The record date for determining shareholders
                                    entitled to receive notice of and vote at a
                                    shareholders' meeting shall be the business
                                    day next preceding the day on which notice
                                    is given, or if notice is waived as provided
                                    in Section 9 of this Article II, the
                                    business day next preceding the day on which
                                    the meeting is held.

                           (ii)     The record date for determining shareholders
                                    entitled to give consent to corporate action
                                    in writing without a meeting, if no prior
                                    action has been taken by the Board, shall be
                                    the day on which the first written consent
                                    is delivered in accordance with the Nevada
                                    General Corporation Law.

                           (iii)    The record date for determining shareholders
                                    for any other purpose shall be as set forth
                                    in Section 1 of Article VIII of these
                                    bylaws.

                  (d)      A determination of shareholders of record entitled to
                           receive notice of and vote at a shareholders' meeting
                           shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting unless
                           the Board fixes a new record date for the adjourned
                           meeting. However, the Board shall fix a new record
                           date if the adjournment is to a date more than 60
                           days after the date set for the original meeting.

                  (e)      Only shareholders of record on the corporation's
                           books at the close of business on the record date
                           shall be entitled to any of the notice and voting
                           rights listed in subsection (a) of this section,
                           notwithstanding any transfer of shares on the
                           corporation's books after the record date, except as
                           otherwise required by law.

Section 12.       PROXIES. Every person entitled to vote for Directors or on any
                  other matter shall have the right to do so either in person or
                  by one or more agents authorized


                                                                  Page 5 of 27
<PAGE>

                  by a written proxy signed by the person and filed with the
                  Secretary of the corporation. A proxy shall be deemed signed
                  if the shareholder's name is placed on the proxy (whether by
                  manual signature, typewriting, telegraphic transmission, or
                  otherwise) by the shareholder or the shareholder's attorney in
                  fact. A validly executed proxy that does not state that it is
                  irrevocable shall continue in full force and effect unless (i)
                  revoked by the person executing it, before the vote pursuant
                  to that proxy, by a writing delivered to the corporation
                  stating that the proxy is revoked, or by attendance at the
                  meeting and voting in person by the person executing the proxy
                  or by as subsequent proxy executed by the same person and
                  presented at the meeting; or (ii) written notice of the death
                  or incapacity of the maker of that proxy is received by the
                  corporation before the vote pursuant to that proxy is counted;
                  provided, however, that no proxy shall be valid after the
                  expiration of 6 months from the date of the proxy, unless
                  coupled with an interest. The revocability of a proxy that
                  states on its face that it is irrevocable shall be governed by
                  NRS 78.355.

Section 13.       INSPECTORS OF ELECTION. Before any meeting of shareholders,
                  the Board of Directors may appoint any person other than
                  nominees for office to act as inspectors of election at the
                  meeting or its adjournment. If no inspectors of election are
                  so appointed, the Chair of the meeting may, and on the request
                  of any shareholder or a shareholder's proxy shall appoint
                  Inspectors of Election at the meeting. The number of
                  Inspectors shall be either 1 or 3. If the Inspectors are
                  appointed at the meeting on the request of one or more
                  shareholders or proxies, the holders of a majority of shares
                  or their proxies present at the meeting shall determine
                  whether 1 or 3 Inspectors are to be appointed. If any person
                  appointed as Inspector fails to appear or fails or refuses to
                  act, the Chair of the meeting may, and upon the request of any
                  shareholder or shareholder's proxy shall, appoint a person to
                  fill in that vacancy.

                  These Inspectors shall: (a) determine the number of shares
                  outstanding and the voting power of each, the shares
                  represented at the meeting, the existence of a quorum, and the
                  authenticity, validity, and effect or proxies; (b) receive
                  votes, ballots, or consents; (c) hear and determine all
                  challenges and questions in any way arising in connection with
                  the right to vote; (d) count and tabulate all votes or
                  consents; (e) determine when the polls shall close; (f)
                  determine the result; and (g) do any other acts that may be
                  proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all
                  shareholders.

Section 14.       NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER BUSINESS AND NOMINATIONS.

                  (a)   Annual Meetings of Stockholders.

                        (1)   Nominations of persons for election to the Board
                              of Directors of the Corporation and the proposal
                              of business to be considered by the stockholders
                              may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders
                              only (A) pursuant to the Corporation's notice of

                                                                  Page 6 of 27
<PAGE>


                              meeting (or any supplement thereto), (B) by or at
                              the direction of the Board of Directors or (C) by
                              any stockholder of the Corporation who was a
                              stockholder of record of the Corporation at the
                              time the notice provided for in this Section 14 is
                              delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation, who
                              is entitled to vote at the meeting and who
                              complies with the notice procedures set forth in
                              this Section 14.

                        (2)   For nominations or other business to be properly
                              brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder
                              pursuant to clause (C) of paragraph (a)(1) of this
                              Section 14, the stockholder must have given timely
                              notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the
                              Corporation and any such proposed business other
                              than the nominations of persons for election to
                              the Board of Directors must constitute a proper
                              matter for stockholder action. To be timely, a
                              stockholder's notice shall be delivered to the
                              Secretary at the principal executive offices of
                              the Corporation not later than the close of
                              business on the ninetieth day nor earlier than the
                              close of business on the one hundred twentieth day
                              prior to the first anniversary of the preceding
                              year's annual meeting (provided, however, that in
                              the event that the date of the annual meeting is
                              more than 30 days before or more than 70 days
                              after such anniversary date, notice by the
                              stockholder must be so delivered not earlier than
                              the close of business on the one hundred twentieth
                              day prior to such annual meeting and not later
                              than the close of business on the later of the
                              ninetieth day prior to such annual meeting or the
                              tenth day following the day on which public
                              announcement of the date of such meeting is first
                              made by the Corporation). For purposes of the
                              first annual meeting of stockholders of the
                              Corporation held after 2004, the first anniversary
                              of the 2004 annual meeting shall be deemed to be
                              March 31, 2005. In no event shall the public
                              announcement of an adjournment or postponement of
                              an annual meeting commence a new time period (or
                              extend any time period) for the giving of a
                              stockholder's notice as described above. Such
                              stockholder's notice shall set forth: (A) as to
                              each person whom the stockholder proposes to
                              nominate for election as a director (i) all
                              information relating to such person that is
                              required to be disclosed in solicitations of
                              proxies for election of directors in an election
                              contest, or is otherwise required, in each case
                              pursuant to and in accordance with Regulation 14A
                              under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
                              amended (the "Exchange Act") and (ii) such
                              person's written consent to being named in the
                              proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a
                              director if elected; (B) as to any other business
                              that the stockholder proposes to bring before the
                              meeting, a brief description of the business
                              desired to be brought


                                                                  Page 7 of 27
<PAGE>


                              before the meeting, the text of the proposal or
                              business (including the text of any resolutions
                              proposed for consideration and in the event that
                              such business includes a proposal to amend the
                              Bylaws of the Corporation, the language of the
                              proposed amendment), the reasons for conducting
                              such business at the meeting and any material
                              interest in such business of such stockholder and
                              the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the
                              proposal is made; and (C) as to the stockholder
                              giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if
                              any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is
                              made (i) the name and address of such stockholder,
                              as they appear on the Corporation's books, and of
                              such beneficial owner, (ii) the class and number
                              of shares of capital stock of the Corporation
                              which are owned beneficially and of record by such
                              stockholder and such beneficial owner, (iii) a
                              representation that the stockholder is a holder of
                              record of stock of the Corporation entitled to
                              vote at such meeting and intends to appear in
                              person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such
                              business or nomination, and (iv) a representation
                              whether the stockholder or the beneficial owner,
                              if any, intends or is part of a group which
                              intends (A) to deliver a proxy statement and/or
                              form of proxy to holders of at least the
                              percentage of the Corporation's outstanding
                              capital stock required to approve or adopt the
                              proposal or elect the nominee and/or (B) otherwise
                              to solicit proxies from stockholders in support of
                              such proposal or nomination. The foregoing notice
                              requirements shall be deemed satisfied by a
                              stockholder if the stockholder has notified the
                              Corporation of his or her intention to present a
                              proposal at an annual meeting in compliance with
                              Rule 14a-8 (or any successor thereof) promulgated
                              under the Exchange Act and such stockholder's
                              proposal has been included in a proxy statement
                              that has been prepared by the Corporation to
                              solicit proxies for such annual meeting. The
                              Corporation may require any proposed nominee to
                              furnish such other information as it may
                              reasonably require to determine the eligibility of
                              such proposed nominee to serve as a director of
                              the Corporation.

                        (3)   Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of
                              paragraph (a)(2) of this Section 14 to the
                              contrary, in the event that the Board of Directors
                              proposes to increase the number of directors to be
                              elected to the Board of Directors of the
                              Corporation at an annual meeting and there is no
                              public announcement by the Corporation naming the
                              nominees for the additional directorships at least
                              one hundred days prior to the first anniversary of
                              the preceding year's annual meeting, a
                              stockholder's notice required by this Section 14
                              shall also be considered timely, but only with
                              respect to nominees for the additional
                              directorships, if it shall be delivered to the
                              Secretary at the principal executive offices of
                              the Corporation not


                                                                  Page 8 of 27
<PAGE>

                              later than the close of business on the tenth day
                              following the day on which such public
                              announcement is first made by the Corporation.

                  (b)   Special Meetings of Stockholders. Only such business
                        shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders
                        as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant
                        to the Corporation's notice of meeting. Nominations of
                        persons for election to the Board of Directors may be
                        made at a special meeting of stockholders at which
                        directors are to be elected pursuant to the
                        Corporation's notice of meeting (1) by or at the
                        direction of the Board of Directors or (2) provided that
                        the Board of Directors has determined that directors
                        shall be elected at such meeting, by any stockholder of
                        the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the
                        time the notice provided for in this Section 14 is
                        delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation, who is
                        entitled to vote at the meeting and upon such election
                        and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in
                        this Section 14. In the event the Corporation calls a
                        special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of
                        electing one or more directors to the Board of
                        Directors, any such stockholder entitled to vote in such
                        election of directors may nominate a person or persons
                        (as the case may be) for election to such position(s) as
                        specified in the Corporation's notice of meeting, if the
                        stockholder's notice required by paragraph (a)(2) of
                        this Section 14 shall be delivered to the Secretary at
                        the principal executive offices of the Corporation not
                        earlier than the close of business on the one hundred
                        twentieth day prior to such special meeting and not
                        later than the close of business on the later of the
                        ninetieth day prior to such special meeting or the tenth
                        day following the day on which public announcement is
                        first made of the date of the special meeting and of the
                        nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be
                        elected at such meeting. In no event shall the public
                        announcement of an adjournment or postponement of a
                        special meeting commence a new time period (or extend
                        any time period) for the giving of a stockholder's
                        notice as described above.

                  (c)   General.

                        (1)   Only such persons who are nominated in accordance
                              with the procedures set forth in this Section 14
                              shall be eligible to be elected at an annual or
                              special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation
                              to serve as directors and only such business shall
                              be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall
                              have been brought before the meeting in accordance
                              with the procedures set forth in this Section 14.
                              Except as otherwise provided by law, the chairman
                              of the meeting shall have the power and duty (A)
                              to determine whether a nomination or any business
                              proposed to be brought before the meeting was made
                              or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance
                              with the procedures set forth in this Section 14


                                                                  Page 9 of 27
<PAGE>


                              (including whether the stockholder or beneficial
                              owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or
                              proposal is made solicited (or is part of a group
                              which solicited) or did not so solicit, as the
                              case may be, proxies in support of such
                              stockholder's nominee or proposal in compliance
                              with such stockholder's representation as required
                              by clause (a)(2)(C)(iv) of this Section 14) and
                              (B) if any proposed nomination or business was not
                              made or proposed in compliance with this Section
                              14, to declare that such nomination shall be
                              disregarded or that such proposed business shall
                              not be transacted. Notwithstanding the foregoing
                              provisions of this Section 14, if the stockholder
                              (or a qualified representative of the stockholder)
                              does not appear at the annual or special meeting
                              of stockholders of the Corporation to present a
                              nomination or business, such nomination shall be
                              disregarded and such proposed business shall not
                              be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in
                              respect of such vote may have been received by the
                              Corporation.

                        (2)   For purposes of this Section 14, "public
                              announcement" shall include disclosure in a press
                              release reported by the Dow Jones News Service,
                              Associated Press or comparable national news
                              service or in a document publicly filed by the
                              Corporation with the Securities and Exchange
                              Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of
                              the Exchange Act.

                        (3)   Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
                              Section 14, a stockholder shall also comply with
                              all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act
                              and the rules and regulations thereunder with
                              respect to the matters set forth in this Section
                              14. Nothing in this Section 14 shall be deemed to
                              affect any rights (A) of stockholders to request
                              inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy
                              statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the
                              Exchange Act or (B) of the holders of any series
                              of Preferred Stock to elect directors pursuant to
                              any express applicable provisions of the
                              certificate of incorporation.

                                   ARTICLE III
                                    DIRECTORS

Section 1.        POWERS. Subject to the provisions of the Nevada General
                  Corporation Law and any limitations in the Articles of
                  Incorporation and these Bylaws relating to action required to
                  be approved by the shareholders or by the outstanding shares,
                  the business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed
                  and all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the
                  direction of the Board of Directors.

                  Without prejudice to these general powers, and subject to the
                  same limitations, the Board of Directors shall have the power
                  to:



                                                                  Page 10 of 27
<PAGE>

                  (a)      Select and remove all officers, agents, and employees
                           of the corporation; prescribe any powers and duties
                           for them that are consistent with law, with the
                           Articles of Incorporation, and with these Bylaws; fix
                           their compensation; and require from them security
                           for faithful service.

                  (b)      Change the principal executive office or the
                           principal business office in the State of Nevada from
                           one location to another; cause the corporation to be
                           qualified to do business in any other state,
                           territory, dependency, or country and conduct
                           business within or outside the State of Nevada; and
                           designate any place within or outside the State of
                           Nevada for holding any shareholders' meeting or
                           meetings, including Annual Meetings.

                  (c)      Adopt, make, and use a corporate seal; prescribe the
                           forms of certificates of stock; and alter the form of
                           the seal and certificates.

                  (d)      Authorize the issuance of shares of stock of the
                           corporation on any lawful terms, in consideration of
                           money paid, labor done, services actually rendered,
                           debts or securities canceled, or tangible or
                           intangible property actually received.

                  (e)      Borrow money and incur indebtedness on behalf of the
                           corporation, and cause to be executed and delivered
                           for the corporation's purposes, in the corporate
                           name, promissory notes, bonds, debentures, deeds of
                           trust, mortgages, pledges, hypothecations, and other
                           evidences of debt and securities.

Section 2.        NUMBER OF DIRECTORS. The number of Directors shall be no fewer
                  than 1 nor more than 9. The exact number of authorized
                  Directors shall be 3 until changed, within the limits
                  specified above, by a Bylaw amending this section, duly
                  adopted by the Board of Directors, or the shareholders. The
                  maximum or minimum number of Directors cannot be changed, nor
                  can a fixed number be substituted for the maximum and minimum
                  numbers, except by a duly adopted amendment to the Articles of
                  Incorporation or by an amendment to these Bylaws duly adopted
                  by a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote.
                  However, once shares have been issued to more than 2
                  shareholders, an amendment that would reduce the authorized
                  number of Directors to a number fewer than 5 cannot be adopted
                  if the votes cast against its adoption at a shareholders'
                  meeting or the shares not consenting to an action by written
                  consent are equal to more than one-sixth (16-2/3%) of the
                  outstanding shares entitled to vote.

Section 3.        ELECTION AND TERM OF OFFICE OF DIRECTORS. Directors shall be
                  elected at each Annual Meeting of the shareholders to hold
                  office until the next Annual Meeting. Each Director, including
                  a Director elected to fill a vacancy, shall hold office until
                  the expiration of the term for which elected and until a
                  successor has been elected and qualified.




                                                                  Page 11 of 27
<PAGE>

                  No reduction of the authorized number of Directors shall have
                  the effect of removing any Director before that Director's
                  term of office expires.

Section 4.        VACANCIES. A vacancy in the Board of Directors shall be deemed
                  to exist: (a) if a Director dies, resigns, or is removed by
                  the shareholders or an appropriate court, as provided in NRS
                  78.335 and 78.345; (b) if the Board of Directors declares
                  vacant the office of a Director who has been convicted of a
                  felony or declared of unsound mind by an order of court; (c)
                  if the authorized number of Directors is increased; or (d) if
                  at any shareholders' meeting at which one or more Directors
                  are elected the shareholders fail to elect the full authorized
                  number of Directors to be voted for at that meeting.

                  Any Director may resign effective on giving written notice to
                  the Chair of the Board, the President, the Secretary, or the
                  Board of Directors, unless the notice specifies a later
                  effective date. If the resignation is effective at a future
                  time, the Board may elect a successor to take office when the
                  resignation becomes effective.

                  Except for a vacancy caused by the removal of a Director,
                  vacancies on the Board may be filled by approval of the Board
                  or, if the number of Directors then in office is less than a
                  quorum, by (1) the unanimous written consent of the Directors
                  then in office, (2) the affirmative vote of a majority of the
                  Directors then in office at a meeting held pursuant to notice
                  of waiver of notice complying with NRS 78.370 and 78.375, or
                  (3) a sole remaining Director. A vacancy on the Board caused
                  by the removal of a Director may be filled only by the
                  shareholders, except that a vacancy created when the Board
                  declares the office of a Director vacant as provided in clause
                  (b) of the first paragraph of this section of the Bylaws may
                  be filled by the Board of Directors.

                  The shareholders may elect a Director at any time to fill a
                  vacancy not filled by the Board of Directors.

                  The term of office of a Director elected to fill a vacancy
                  shall run until the next annual meeting of the shareholders,
                  and such a Director shall hold office until a successor is
                  elected an qualified.

Section 5.        PLACE OF MEETINGS; TELEPHONE MEETINGS. Regular meetings of the
                  Board of Directors may be held at any place within or outside
                  the State of Nevada as designated from time to time by the
                  Board. in the absence of a designation, regular meetings shall
                  be held at the principal executive office of the corporation.
                  Special meetings of the Board shall be held at any place
                  within or outside the State of Nevada designated in the notice
                  of the meeting, or if the notice does not state a place, or if
                  there is no notice, at the principal executive office of the
                  corporation. Any meeting, regular or special, may be held by
                  conference

                                                                  Page 12 of 27
<PAGE>

                  telephone or similar communication equipment, provided that
                  all Directors participating can hear one another.

Section 6.        ANNUAL DIRECTORS' MEETING. Immediately after each annual
                  shareholders' meeting, the Board of Directors shall hold a
                  regular meeting at the same place, or at any other place that
                  has been designated by the Board of Directors, to consider
                  matters of organization, election of officers, and other
                  business as desired. Notice of this meeting shall not be
                  required unless some place other than the place of the annual
                  shareholders' meeting has been designated.

Section 7.        OTHER REGULAR MEETINGS. Other regular meetings of the Board of
                  Directors shall be held without call at any times to be fixed
                  by the Board of Directors from time to time. Such regular
                  meetings may be held without notice.

Section 8.        SPECIAL MEETINGS. Special meetings of the Board of Directors
                  may be called for any purpose or purposes at any time by the
                  Chair of the Board, the President, any Vice President, the
                  Secretary, or any 2 Directors.

                  Special meetings shall be held on 4 days' notice by mail or 48
                  hours' notice delivered personally or by telephone or
                  telegraph. Oral notice given personally or by telephone may be
                  transmitted either to the Director or to a person at the
                  Director's office who can reasonably be expected to
                  communicate it promptly to the Director. Written notice, if
                  used, shall be addressed to each Director at the address shown
                  on the corporation's records. The notice need not specify the
                  purpose of the meeting, nor need it specify the place if the
                  meeting is to be held at the principal executive offices of
                  the corporation.

Section 9.        QUORUM. A majority of the authorized number of Directors shall
                  constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, except to
                  adjourn as provided in Section 11 of this Article III. Every
                  act or decision done or made by a majority of the Directors
                  present at a meeting duly held at which a quorum is present
                  shall be regarded as the act of the Board of Directors.

Section 10.       WAIVER OF NOTICE. Notice of a meeting, although otherwise
                  required, need not be given to any Director who (i) either
                  before or after the meeting signs a waiver of notice or a
                  consent to holding the meeting without being given notice;
                  (ii) signs an approval of the minutes of the meeting; or (iii)
                  attends the meeting without protesting the lack of notice
                  before at the beginning of the meeting. Waivers of notice or
                  consents need not specify the purpose of the meeting. All
                  waivers, consents, and approvals of the minutes shall be filed
                  with the corporate records or made a part of the minutes of
                  the meeting.

Section 11.       ADJOURNMENT TO ANOTHER TIME OR PLACE. Whether or not a quorum
                  is present, a majority of the Directors present may adjourn
                  any meeting to another time or place.


                                                                  Page 13 of 27
<PAGE>


Section 12.       NOTICE OF ADJOURNED MEETING. Notice of the time and place of
                  resuming a meeting that has been adjourned need not be given
                  unless the adjournment is for more than 24 hours, in which
                  case notice shall be given, before the time set for resuming
                  the adjourned meeting, to the Directors who were not present
                  at the time of the adjournment. Notice need not be given in
                  any case to Directors who were present at the time of
                  adjournment.

Section 13.       ACTION WITHOUT A MEETING. Any action required or permitted to
                  be taken by the Board of Directors may be taken without a
                  meeting, if all members of the Board of Directors individually
                  or collectively consent in writing to that action. Any action
                  by written consent shall have the same force and effect as a
                  unanimous vote of the Board of Directors. All written consents
                  shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the
                  Board of Directors.

Section 14.       FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS. Directors and members of
                  committees of the Board may be compensated for their services,
                  and shall be reimbursed for expenses, as fixed or determined
                  by resolution of the Board of Directors. This section shall
                  not be construed to preclude any Director from serving the
                  corporation in any other capacity, as an officer, agent,
                  employee, or otherwise, and receiving compensation for those
                  services.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                                   COMMITTEES

Section 1.        COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD. The board of Directors may, by
                  resolution adopted by a majority of the authorized number of
                  Directors, designate one or more committees, each consisting
                  of two or more Directors. The Board may designate one or more
                  Directors as alternate members of any committee, to replace
                  any absent member at a committee meeting. The appointment of
                  committee members or alternate members requires the vote of a
                  majority of the authorized number of Directors. A committee
                  may be granted any or all of the powers and authority of the
                  Board in the management of the business and affairs of the
                  corporation.

Section 2.        MEETINGS AND ACTION OF COMMITTEES. Meetings and action of
                  committees shall be governed by, and held and taken in
                  accordance with, Bylaw provisions applicable to meetings and
                  actions of the Board of Directors, as provided in Section 5
                  and Sections 7 through 13 of Article III of these Bylaws, as
                  to the following matters: place of meetings; regular meetings;
                  special meetings and notice; quorum; waiver of notice;
                  adjournment; notice of adjournment; and action without
                  meeting, with such changes in the context of these Bylaws as
                  are necessary to substitute the committee and its members for
                  the Board of Directors and its members, except that (a) the
                  time of regular meetings of committees may be determined
                  either by resolution of the Board of Directors or by
                  resolution of the committee; (b) special meetings of
                  committees may also be called by resolution of the Board of
                  Directors; and (c) notice of special meetings of


                                                                  Page 14 of 27
<PAGE>

                  committees shall also be given to all alternative members who
                  shall have the right to attend all meetings of the committee.
                  The Board of Directors may adopt rules for the governance of
                  any committee not inconsistent with these Bylaws.

                                    ARTICLE V
                                    OFFICERS

Section 1.        OFFICERS. The officers of the corporation shall be a
                  President, a Secretary, and a Treasurer. The corporation may
                  also have, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, a
                  Chair of the Board, one or more vice Presidents, one or more
                  Assistant Secretaries, a Chief Financial Officer, on or more
                  Assistant Treasurers, and such other officers as may be
                  appointed in accordance with Section 3 of this Article. Any
                  number of offices may be held by the same person.

Section 2.        APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS. The officers of the corporation,
                  except for subordinate officers appointed in accordance with
                  Section 3 of this Article V, shall be appointed by the Board
                  of Directors, and shall serve at the pleasure of the Board of
                  Directors.

Section 3.        SUBORDINATE OFFICERS. The Board of Directors may appointment,
                  and may empower the chair to appoint other offices as required
                  by the business of the corporation, whose duties shall be as
                  provided in the Bylaws, or as determined from time to time by
                  the Board of Directors or the Chair.

Section 4.        REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS. Any officer chosen by the
                  Board of Directors may be removed at any time, with or without
                  cause or notice, by the Board of Directors. Subordinate
                  officers appointed by persons other than the Board under
                  Section 3 of the Article may be removed at any time, with or
                  without cause or notice, by the Board of Directors or by the
                  officer by whom appointed. Offices may be employed for a
                  specified term under a contract of employment if authorized by
                  the Board of Directors; such officers may be removed from
                  office at any time under this section, and shall have no claim
                  against the corporation or individual officers or Board
                  members because of the removal except any right to monetary
                  compensation to which the officer may be entitled under the
                  contract of employment.

                  Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to
                  the corporation. Resignations shall take effect on the date of
                  receipt of the notice, unless a later time is specified in the
                  notice. Unless otherwise specified in the notice, acceptance
                  of the resignation is not necessary to make it effective. Any
                  resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the
                  corporation to monetary damages under any contract of
                  employment to which the officer is a party.

Section 5.        VACANCIES IN OFFICES. A vacancy in any office resulting from
                  an officer's death, resignation, removal, disqualification, or
                  from any other cause shall be


                                                                  Page 15 of 27
<PAGE>

                  filled in the manner prescribed in these Bylaws for regular
                  election or appointment to that office.

Section 6.        CHAIR OF THE BOARD. The Board of Directors may elect a Chair,
                  who shall preside, if present, at Board meetings and shall
                  exercise and perform such other powers and duties as may be
                  assigned from time to time by the Board of Directors.

Section 7.        PRESIDENT. Except to the extent that the Bylaws or the Board
                  of Directors assign specific powers and duties to the Chair of
                  the Board (if any), the President shall be the corporation's
                  general manager and Chief Executive Officer and, subject to
                  the control of the Board of Directors, shall have general
                  supervision, direction, and control over the corporation's
                  business and its officers. The managerial powers and duties of
                  the President shall include, but are not limited to, all the
                  general powers and duties of management usually vested in the
                  office of President of a corporation, and the President shall
                  have other powers and duties as prescribed by the Board of
                  Directors of the Bylaws. The President shall preside at all
                  meetings of the shareholders and, in the absence of the Chair
                  of the Board or if there is no Chair of the Board, shall also
                  preside at meeting of the Board of Directors.

Section 8.        CHAIR OF THE BOARD. The Chair of the Board, if such an officer
                  be elected, shall, if present, preside at meetings of the
                  Board of Directors and exercise and perform such other powers
                  and duties as may be from time to time assigned by the Board
                  of Directors or prescribed by the By-laws. If there is no
                  President, the Chair of the Board shall in addition be the
                  Chief Executive Officer of the corporation and shall have the
                  powers and duties prescribed in Section 7 of the Article V.

Section 9.        VICE PRESIDENTS. If desired, on or more Vice Presidents may be
                  chosen by the Board of Directors in accordance with the
                  provisions for appointing officers set forth in Section 2 of
                  this Article V. In the absence of disability of the president,
                  the President's duties and responsibilities shall be carried
                  out by the highest ranking available Vice President if Vice
                  Presidents are ranked, or if not, by aVice President
                  designated by the Board of Directors. When so acting, a Vice
                  President shall have all the powers of and be subject to all
                  the restrictions on the President. Vice Presidents of the
                  corporation shall have such other powers and perform such
                  other duties as prescribed form time to time by the Board of
                  Directors, the Bylaws, or the President (or Chair of the Board
                  if there is no President).

Section 10.       SECRETARY.

                  (a)      Minutes. The Secretary shall keep, or cause to be
                           kept, minutes of all of the shareholders' meetings
                           and all other Board meetings. If the Secretary


                                                                  Page 16 of 27
<PAGE>

                           is unable to be present, the Secretary or the
                           presiding officer of the meeting shall designate
                           another person to take the minutes of the meeting.

                           The Secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the
                           principal executive office or such other place as
                           designated by the Board of Directors, a Book of
                           Minutes of all meetings and actions of the
                           shareholders, of the Board of Directors, and of
                           committees of the Board. The minutes of each meeting
                           shall state the time and place the meeting was held;
                           whether it was regular or special; if special, how it
                           was called or authorized; the names of Directors
                           present at Board of committee meetings; the number of
                           shares present or represented at Shareholders'
                           meetings; an accurate account of the proceedings; and
                           when it was adjourned.

                  (b)      Record of Shareholders. The Secretary shall keep, or
                           cause to be kept, at the principal executive office
                           or at the office of the transfer agent or registrar,
                           a record or duplicate record of shareholders. This
                           record shall show the names of all shareholders and
                           their addresses, the number and classes of shares
                           held by each, the number and date of share
                           certificates issued to each shareholder, and the
                           number and date of cancellation of any certificates
                           surrendered for cancellation.

                  (c)      Notice of Meetings. The Secretary shall give notice,
                           or cause notice to be given, of all shareholders'
                           meetings, Board meetings, and meetings of committees
                           of the Board for which notice is required by statute
                           or by the Bylaws. If the Secretary of other person
                           authorized by the Secretary to give notice fails to
                           act, notice of any meeting may be given by any other
                           officer of the corporation.

                  (d)      Other duties. The Secretary shall keep the seal of
                           the corporation, if any, in safe custody. The
                           Secretary shall have such other powers and perform
                           other duties as prescribed by the Board of Directors
                           or by the Bylaws.

Section 11.       CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. The Chief Financial Officer shall
                  keep, or cause to be kept, adequate and correct books and
                  records of accounts of the properties and business
                  transactions of the corporation, including accounts of its
                  assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements, gains, losses,
                  capital, retained earnings, and shares. The books of account
                  shall at all reasonable times be open to inspection by any
                  Director.

                  The Chief Financial Officer shall (1) deposit corporate funds
                  and other valuables in the corporation's name and to its
                  credit with depositaries designated by the Board of Directors;
                  (2) make disbursements of corporate funds as authorized by the
                  Board; (3) render a statement of the corporation's financial
                  condition and an account of all transactions conducted as
                  Chief Financial Officer whenever requested by the Chair, the
                  President or the Board of Directors; and (4) have other


                                                                  Page 17 of 27
<PAGE>

                  powers and perform other duties as prescribed by the Board of
                  Directors or the bylaws.

                  Unless the Board of Directors has elected a separate
                  Treasurer, the Chief Financial Officer shall be deemed to be
                  the treasurer for purposes of giving any reports or executing
                  any certificates or other documents.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                     INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS,
                           EMPLOYEES, AND OTHER AGENTS

Section 1.        AGENTS, PROCEEDINGS, AND EXPENSES. For the purposes of this
                  Article, "agent" means any person who is or was a Director,
                  officer, employee, or other agent of this corporation, or who
                  is or was serving at the request of this corporation as a
                  Director, officer, employee, or agent of another foreign or
                  domestic corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or
                  other enterprise, or who was a Director, officer, employee, or
                  agent of a foreign or domestic corporation that was a
                  predecessor corporation; "proceeding" means any threatened,
                  pending, or competed action or proceeding, whether civil,
                  criminal, administrative or investigative; and "expenses"
                  includes, without limitation, attorney fees and any expenses
                  of establishing a right to indemnification under Section 4 or
                  Section 5(d) of this Article VI.

Section 2.        ACTIONS OTHER THAN BY THE CORPORATION. This corporation shall
                  have the power to indemnify any person who was or is a party,
                  or is threatened to be made a party, to any proceeding (other
                  than an action by or in the right of this corporation to
                  procure a judgment in its favor) by reason of the fact that
                  such person is or was an agent of this corporation, against
                  expenses, judgments, fines, settlements, and other amounts
                  actually and reasonably incurred in connecting with such
                  proceeding if that person acted in good faith and n a manner
                  that the person reasonably believed to be in the best
                  interests of this corporation and, in the case of a criminal
                  proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the conduct of
                  that person was unlawful. The termination of any proceeding by
                  judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of
                  nolo contendere or its equivalent shall not, of itself, create
                  a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in
                  a manner that the person reasonably believed to be in the best
                  interests of this corporation or that the person had
                  reasonable cause to believe that the person's conduct was not
                  unlawful.

Section 3.        ACTIONS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE CORPORATION. This
                  corporation shall have the power to indemnify any person who
                  was or is a party, or is a threatened to be made a party, to
                  any threatened, pending, or completed action by or in the
                  right of this corporation to procure a judgment in its favor
                  by reason of the fact that such person is or was an agent of
                  this corporation, against expenses actually and reasonably
                  incurred by such person in connection with the defense or
                  settlement of that action, if such person acted in good faith,
                  in a manner such



                                                                  Page 18 of 27
<PAGE>

                  person believed to be in the best interests of this
                  corporation and its shareholders. No indemnification shall be
                  made under this Section 3 for the following:

                  (a)      With respect to any claim, issue, or matter as to
                           which such person has been adjudged to be liable to
                           this corporation in the performance of such person's
                           duty to the corporation and its shareholders, unless
                           and only to the extent that the court in which such
                           proceeding is or was pending shall determine on
                           application that, in view of all the circumstances of
                           the case, such person is fairly and reasonable
                           entitled to indemnity for expenses and then only to
                           the extent that the court shall determine;

                  (b)      Amounts paid in settling or otherwise disposing of a
                           pending action without court approval; or

                  (c)      Expenses incurred in defending a pending action that
                           is settled or otherwise disposed of without court
                           approval.

Section 4.        SUCCESSFUL DEFENSE BY AGENT. To the extent that an agent of
                  this corporation has been successful on the merits in defense
                  of any proceeding referred to in Section 2 or 3 of this
                  Article VI, or in defense of any claim, issue, or matter
                  therein, the agent shall be indemnified against expenses
                  actually and reasonably incurred by the agent in connection
                  therewith.

Section 5.        REQUIRED APPROVAL. Except as provided in Section 4 of this
                  Article VI, any indemnification under this Section shall be
                  made by the corporation only if authorized in the specific
                  case, after a determination that indemnification of the agent
                  is proper in the circumstances because the agent has met the
                  applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 2 or 3 by
                  one of the following:

                  (a)      A majority vote of a quorum consisting of Directors
                           who are not parties to such proceeding;

                  (b)      Independent legal counsel in a written opinion if a
                           quorum of Directors who are not parties to such a
                           proceeding is not available;

                  (c)      (i)   The affirmative vote of a majority of shares of
                                 this corporation entitled to vote represented
                                 at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is
                                 present; or

                           (ii)  the written consent of holders of a majority
                                 of the outstanding shares entitled to vote
                                 (for purposes of this subsection 5(c), the
                                 shares owned by the person to be indemnified
                                 shall not be considered outstanding or
                                 entitled to vote thereon); or

                  (d)      The court in which the proceeding is or was pending,
                           on application made by this corporation or the agent
                           or the attorney or other person rendering


                                                                  Page 19 of 27
<PAGE>

                           services in connection with the defense, whether or
                           not such application by the agent, attorney, or other
                           person is opposed by this corporation.

Section 6.        ADVANCE OF EXPENSES. Expenses incurred in defending any
                  proceeding may be advanced by the corporation before the final
                  disposition of such proceeding on receipt of an undertaking by
                  or on behalf of the agent to repay such amounts if it shall be
                  determined ultimately that the agent is not entitled to be
                  indemnified as authorized in this Article VI. By unanimous
                  vote of all Directors, other than a Director who may be a
                  party to such proceeding, this provision requiring an
                  undertaking may be waived; provided, however, that such waiver
                  shall not relieve the agent of liability.

Section 7.        OTHER CONTRACTURAL RIGHTS. The indemnification provided by
                  this Article VI shall not be deemed exclusive of any other
                  rights to which those seeking indemnification may be entitled
                  under any Bylaw, agreement, vote of shareholders or
                  disinterested Directors, or otherwise both as to action in an
                  official capacity and as to action in another capacity while
                  holding such office, to the extent such additional rights to
                  indemnification are authorized in the articles of the
                  corporation. Nothing in this section shall affect any right to
                  indemnification to which persons other than such Directors and
                  officers may be entitled by contract or otherwise.

Section 8.        LIMITATIONS.  No indemnification or advance shall be made
                  under this Article VI, except as provided in Section 4 or
                  Section 5(d), in any circumstance if it appears:

                  (a)      That it would be inconsistent with a provision of the
                           articles, Bylaws, a resolution of the shareholders,
                           or an agreement in effect at the time of the accrual
                           of the alleged cause of action asserted in the
                           proceeding in which expenses were incurred or other
                           amounts were paid, which prohibits or otherwise
                           limits indemnification; or

                  (b)      That it would be inconsistent with any condition
                           expressly imposed by a court in approving settlement.

Section 9.        INSURANCE. This corporation may purchase and maintain
                  insurance on behalf of any agent of the corporation insuring
                  against any liability asserted against or incurred by the
                  agent in that capacity or arising out of the agent's status as
                  such, whether or not this corporation would have the power to
                  indemnify the agent against that liability under the
                  provisions of this Article VI.

Section 10.       FIDUCIARIES OF CORPORATE EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN. This Article
                  VI does not apply to any proceeding against any trustee,
                  investment manager, or other fiduciary of an employee benefit
                  plan in that person's capacity as such, even though that
                  person may also be an agent of the corporation. The
                  corporation shall have the power to indemnify, and to purchase
                  and maintain insurance on behalf of



                                                                  Page 20 of 27
<PAGE>

                  any such trustee, investment manager, or other fiduciary of
                  any benefit plan for any or all of the Directors, officers,
                  and employees of the corporation or any of its subsidiary of
                  affiliated corporations.

Section 11.       SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS. The rights provided by this Article VI
                  shall continue for a person who has ceased to be an agent and
                  shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, and
                  administrators of such person.

Section 12.       EFFECT OF AMENDMENT. Any amendment, repeal, or modification of
                  this Article VI shall not adversely affect an agent's right or
                  protection existing at the time of such amendment, repeal, or
                  modification.

Section 13.       SETTLEMENT OF CLAIMS. The corporation shall not be liable to
                  indemnify any agent under this Article VI for (a) any amounts
                  paid in settlement of any action or claim effected without the
                  corporation's written consent, which consent shall not be
                  unreasonably withheld or (b) any judicial award, if the
                  corporation was not given a reasonable and timely opportunity
                  to participate, at its expense, in the defense of such action.

Section 14.       SUBROGATION. In the event of payment under this Article VI,
                  the corporation shall be subrogated to the extent of such
                  payment to all of the rights of recovery of the agent, who
                  shall execute all papers required and shall do everything that
                  may be necessary to secure such rights, including the
                  execution of such documents as may be necessary to enable the
                  corporation effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights.

Section 15.       NO DUPLICATION OF PAYMENTS. The corporation shall not be
                  liable under this Article VI to make any payment in connection
                  with any claim made against the agent to the extent the agent
                  has otherwise actually received payment, whether under a
                  policy of insurance, agreement, vote, or otherwise, of the
                  amounts otherwise indemnifiable under this Article.

                                   ARTICLE VII
                               RECORDS AND REPORTS

Section 1.        MAINTENANCE OF SHAREHOLDER RECORD AND INSPECTIN BY
                  SHAREHOLDERS. The corporation shall keep at its principal
                  executive office or at the office of its transfer agent or
                  registrar, as determined by resolution of the Board of
                  Directors, a record of the names and addresses of all
                  shareholder and the number and class of shares held by each
                  shareholder, a copy certified by the Secretary of State of the
                  corporation's Articles of Incorporation and all amendments
                  thereto, and a copy certified by an officer of the corporation
                  of its bylaws and all amendments thereto.

                  Any person who has been a stockholder of record for at least 6
                  months immediately preceding his or her demand, or any
                  shareholder or shareholders




                                                                  Page 21 of 27
<PAGE>

                  holding at least 5 percent in the aggregate of the outstanding
                  voting shares of the corporation shall have the right to
                  inspect and copy the record of shareholders' names and
                  addresses and shareholdings during usual business hours, on
                  five days' prior written demand on the corporation.

Section 2.        MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF BYLAWS. The corporation shall
                  keep at its principal executive office, or if its principal
                  executive office is not in the State of Nevada, at its
                  principal business office in this state, a copy certified by
                  an officer of the corporation of the Bylaws as amended to
                  date, which shall be open to inspection by the shareholders at
                  all reasonable times during office hours. If the principal
                  executive office of the corporation is outside the State of
                  Nevada and the corporation has no principal business office in
                  this state, the Secretary shall, on the written request of any
                  shareholder, furnish to that shareholder a copy of the Bylaws
                  as amended to date.

Section 3.        MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF MINUTES AND ACCOUNTING RECORDS.
                  The minutes of proceedings of the shareholders, Board of
                  Directors, and committees of the Board, and the accounting
                  books and records, shall be kept at the principal executive
                  office of the corporation, or at such other place or places as
                  designated by the Board of Directors. The minutes shall be
                  kept in written form, and the accounting books and records
                  shall be kept either in written form or in a form capable of
                  being converted into written form. The minutes and accounting
                  books and records shall be open to inspection on the written
                  demand of any shareholder or holder of a voting trust
                  certificate at any reasonable time during usual business
                  hours, for a purpose reasonably related to the holder's
                  interests as a shareholder or holder of a voting trust
                  certificate. The inspection may be made in person or by an
                  agent or attorney, and shall include the right to copy and
                  made extracts. These rights of inspection shall extend to the
                  records of each subsidiary of the corporation.

Section 4.        INSPECTION BY DIRECTORS. Every Director shall have the
                  absolute right at any reasonable time to inspect all books,
                  records, and documents of every kind and the physical
                  properties of the corporation and each of its subsidiary
                  corporations. This inspection by a Director may be made in
                  person or by an agent or attorney and the right of inspection
                  includes the right to copy and make extracts of documents.

Section 5.        ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS. The Board of Directors shall
                  cause an annual report to be sent to the shareholders not
                  later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year adopted
                  by the corporation. This report shall be sent at least 15 days
                  (if third-class mail is used, 35 days) before the annual
                  meeting of shareholders to be held during the next fiscal year
                  and in the manner specified for giving notice to shareholders
                  in Section 5 of Article II of these Bylaws. The annual report
                  shall contain a balance sheet as of the end of the fiscal year
                  and an income statement and a statement of cash flows for the
                  fiscal year prepared in accordance with generally accepted
                  accounting principles applied on a consistent



                                                                  Page 22 of 27
<PAGE>

                  basis and accompanied by any report of independent
                  accountants, or, if there is no such report, the certificate
                  of an authorized officer of the corporation that the
                  statements were prepared without audit from the corporation's
                  books and records.

Section 6.        ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS. Inasmuch as, and for as long
                  as, there are fewer than 100 shareholders, the requirement of
                  an annual report to shareholders referred to in Section 5 is
                  expressly waived. However, nothing in this provision shall be
                  interpreted as prohibiting the Board of Directors from issuing
                  annual or other periodic reports to the shareholder on demand.

Section 7.        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. The corporation shall keep a copy of
                  each annual financial statement, quarterly or other periodic
                  income statement, and accompanying balance sheets prepared by
                  the corporation on file in the corporation's principal
                  executive office for 12 months; these documents shall be
                  exhibited at all reasonable times, or copies provided, to any
                  shareholder on demand.

                  If no annual report for the last fiscal year has been sent to
                  shareholders, on written request of any shareholder made more
                  than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year the
                  corporation shall deliver or mail to the shareholder, within
                  30 days after receipt of the request, a balance sheet as of
                  the end of that fiscal year and an income statement and
                  statement of cash flows for that fiscal year.

                  A shareholder or shareholders holding 5 percent or more of the
                  outstanding shares of any class of stock of the corporation
                  may request in writing an income statement for the most recent
                  three-month, six-month, or nine-month period (ending more than
                  30 days before the date of the request) of the current fiscal
                  year, and a balance sheet of the corporation as of the end of
                  that period. If such documents are not already prepared, the
                  chief financial officer shall cause them to be prepared and
                  shall deliver the documents personally or mail them to the
                  requesting shareholders within 30 days after receipt off the
                  request. A balance sheet, income statement, and statement of
                  cash flows for the last fiscal year shall also be included,
                  unless the corporation has sent the shareholders an annual
                  report for the last fiscal year.

                  Quarterly income statements and balance sheets referred to in
                  this section shall be accompanied by the report, if any, of
                  independent accountants engaged by the corporation or the
                  certification of an authorized corporate officer stating that
                  the financial statements were prepared without audit from the
                  corporation's books and records.

Section 8.        ANNUAL STATEMENT OF GENERAL INFORMATION.

                  (a)      Every year, during the calendar month in which the
                           original Articles of Incorporation were filed with
                           the Nevada Secretary of State, the corporation shall
                           file a statement with the Secretary of State on the


                                                                  Page 23 of 27
<PAGE>

                           prescribed form, setting forth the authorized number
                           of Directors; the names and complete business or
                           residence addresses of all incumbent Directors; the
                           names and complete business or residence addresses of
                           the President, the Secretary, and the Treasurer; the
                           street address of the corporation's principal
                           executive office or principal business office in this
                           state; a statement of the general type of business
                           constituting the principal business activity of the
                           corporation; and a designation of the agent of the
                           corporation for the purposes of process.

                  (b)      Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a) of
                           this section, if there has been no change in the
                           information in the corporation's last annual
                           statement on file in the Secretary of State's office,
                           the corporation may, in lieu of filing the annual
                           statement described in paragraph (a) of this section,
                           advise the Secretary of State, on the appropriate
                           form, that no changes in the required information
                           have occurred during the applicable period.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                            GENERAL CORPORATE MATTERS

Section 1.        RECORD DATE FOR PURPOSES OTHER THAN NOTICE AND VOTING. For
                  purposes of determining the shareholders entitled to receive
                  payment of dividends or other distributions or allotment of
                  rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any
                  other lawful action (other than voting at and receiving notice
                  of shareholders' meetings and giving written consent of the
                  shareholders without a meeting), the Board of Directors may
                  fix in advance a record date, which shall be not more than 60
                  nor less than 10 days before the date of the dividend payment,
                  distribution, allotment, or other action. If a record date is
                  so fixed, only shareholders of record at the close of business
                  on that date shall be entitled to receive the dividend,
                  distribution, or allotment of rights, or to exercise the other
                  rights, as the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer of
                  shares on the corporation's books after the record date,
                  except as otherwise provided by statute.

                  If the Board of Directors does not so fix a record date in
                  advance, the record date shall be at the close of business on
                  the later of (1) the day on which the Board of Directors
                  adopts the applicable resolution or (2) the 60th day before
                  the date of the dividend payment, distribution, allotment of
                  rights, or other action.

Section 2.        AUTHORIZED SIGNATORIES FOR CHECKS. All checks, drafts, other
                  orders for payment of money, notes, or other evidences of
                  indebtedness issued in the name of or payable to the
                  corporation shall be signed or endorsed by such person or
                  persons and in such manner authorized from time to time by
                  resolution of the Board of Directors.

Section 3.        EXECUTING CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS. Except as
                  otherwise provided in the articles or in these Bylaws, the
                  Board of Directors by


                                                                  Page 24 of 27

<PAGE>


                  resolution may authorize any officer, officers, agent, or
                  agents to enter into any contract or to execute any instrument
                  in the name of and on behalf of the corporation. This
                  authority may be general or it may be confined to one or more
                  specific matters. no officer, agent, employee or other person
                  purporting to act on behalf of the corporation shall have any
                  power or authority to bind the corporation in any way, to
                  pledge the corporation's credit, or to render the corporation
                  liable for any purpose or in any amount, unless that person
                  was acting with authority duly granted by the Board of
                  directors as provided in these Bylaws, or unless an
                  unauthorized act was later ratified by the corporation.

Section 4.        CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES. A certificate or certificates for
                  shares of the capital stock of the corporation shall be issued
                  to each shareholder when any of the shares are fully paid.

                  In addition to certificates for fully paid shares, the Board
                  of directors may authorize the issuance of certificates for
                  shares that are partly paid and subject to call for the
                  remainder of the purchase price, provided that the
                  certificates representing partly paid shares shall state the
                  total amount of the consideration to be paid for the shares
                  and the amount actually paid.

                  All certificates shall certify the number of shares and the
                  class or series of shares represented by the certificate all
                  certificates shall be signed in the name of the corporation by
                  (1) either by the chair of the board of Directors, the vice
                  Chair of the Board of directors, the president, or any Vice
                  President, and (2) either the Chief Financial Officer, any
                  assistant Treasurer, the Secretary, or any Assistant
                  Secretary.

                  Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be
                  facsimile. If any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who
                  has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed on a
                  certificate shall have ceased to be that officer, transfer
                  agent, or registrar before that certificate is issued, the
                  certificate may be issued by the corporation with the same
                  effect as if that person were an officer, transfer agent, or
                  registrar at the date of issue.

Section 5.        LOST CERTIFICATES. except as provided in this Section 5, no
                  new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace old
                  certificates unless the old certificate is surrendered to the
                  corporation for cancellation at the same time. If share
                  certificates or certificates for any other security have been
                  lost, stolen, or destroyed, the Board of Directors may
                  authorize the issuance of replacement certificates on terms
                  and conditions as required by the board, which may include a
                  requirement that the owner give the corporation a bond (or
                  other adequate security) sufficient to indemnify the
                  corporation against any claim that may be made against it
                  (including any expense or liability) on account of the alleged
                  loss, theft, or destruction of the old certificate or the
                  issuance of the replacement certificate.


                                                                  Page 25 of 27
<PAGE>

Section 6.        SHARES OF OTHER CORPORATIONS: HOW VOTED. Shares of other
                  corporations standing in the name of this corporation shall be
                  voted by one of the following persons, listed in order of
                  preference:

                  (1) chair of the Board, or person designated by the chair of
                  the Board; (2) President, or person designated by the
                  President; (3) First Vice President, or person designated by
                  the First Vice President; (4) other person designated by the
                  Board of Directors.

                  The authority to vote shares granted by this section includes
                  the authority to execute a proxy in the name of the
                  corporation for purposes of voting the shares.

Section 7.        REIMBURSEMENT OF CORPORATION IF PAYMENT NOT TAX DEDUCTIBLE. If
                  all or part of the compensation, including expenses, paid by
                  the corporation to a Director, officer, employee, or agent is
                  finally determined not to be allowable to the corporation as a
                  federal or state income tax deduction, the Director, officer,
                  employee or agent to whom the payment was made shall repay to
                  the corporation the amount disallowed. The Board of Directors
                  shall enforce repayment of each such amount disallowed by the
                  taxing authorities.

Section 8.        CONSTRUCTION AND DEFINITIONS. Unless the context requires
                  otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction, and
                  definitions in NRS78.010 through 78.795 shall govern the
                  construction of these Bylaws. Without limiting the generality
                  of this provision, the singular number includes the plural,
                  the plural number includes the singular, and the term "person"
                  includes both a corporation and a natural person.

                                   ARTICLE IX
                                   AMENDMENTS

Section 1.        AMENDMENT BY SHAREHOLDERS New Bylaws may be adopted or these
                  Bylaws may be amended or repealed by the vote or written
                  consent of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares
                  entitled to vote; provided, however, that if the Articles of
                  Incorporation of the corporation set forth the number of
                  authorized Directors of the corporation, the authorized number
                  of Directors may be changed only by an amendment of the
                  Articles of Incorporation.

Section 2.        POWERS OF DIRECTORS. Subject to the right of the Shareholders
                  to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws, as provided in Section 1 of
                  this Article IX, the Board of Directors may adopt, amend, or
                  repeal any of these Bylaws other than a Bylaw or amendment
                  thereof changing the authorized number of Directors.



                                                                  Page 26 of 27
<PAGE>


I, the undersigned Secretary of Cirond Corporation, hereby certify that these
are the approved and adopted bylaws of the Corporation, as amended through this
date.



Executed this 17th day of December, 2004       /s/ ISAAC MOSS
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Isaac Moss, Secretary




























                                                                  Page 27 of 27

