
                                                   Exhibit 99.1

           INYX SIGNS DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT TO ACQUIRE
               AVENTIS PHARMACEUTICALS PUERTO RICO

          - ACQUISITION WILL BE MATERIALLY ADDITIVE
                TO INYX'S REVENUES & EARNINGS

NEW YORK - December 17, 2004 - Inyx, Inc. (OTC BB: IYXI), a
specialty pharmaceutical company with a focus on niche drug
delivery technologies and products, announced today that it has
signed a definitive agreement with Aventis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
a member of the sanofi-aventis Group (NYSE: SNY), to acquire
certain assets and business of Aventis Pharmaceuticals Puerto
Rico Inc.  The acquisition, which is subject to completion of a
major contract transfer, is scheduled to close by March 31, 2005.
Financial terms were not disclosed, but Inyx said it expected to
be able to pay for the acquisition through non-dilutive
financing.

Jack Kachkar, M.D., Chairman and CEO of Inyx, said, "This
acquisition will be a `transforming event' in Inyx's corporate
development.  It will be materially additive in terms of the
assets and multi-year production contracts that we are acquiring,
as well as the greatly enhanced operating economies and new
strategic business opportunities that we are gaining, which will
enable our operation of this Puerto Rico complex to be profitable
from the start and provide a strong catalyst for growing Inyx's
consolidated revenues and earnings."

The Aventis operations in Manati, Puerto Rico consist of a high-
calibre pharmaceuticals production center that will provide Inyx
with a strategic base in the United States to complement Inyx's
present development and manufacturing facilities located in the
United Kingdom.  Moreover, this will provide Inyx with favorable
tax incentives, including a corporate income tax rate of 2%-7%
for 15 years in Puerto Rico as well as 90% exemption on property
tax, 60% exemption on excise tax and tax-free purchases on
materials and equipment on the Island.  In addition, Puerto Rico
is home to more than 20 leading pharmaceuticals companies, a
captive marketplace for Inyx to cultivate - both for new contract
clients and for strategic marketing partners of Inyx' own
proprietary products.

"Manati gives Inyx a strategic base for growing our company's
roster of clients as well as for introducing Inyx's own products
because it provides us with an operating center on this side of
the Atlantic that is needed to best serve the markets in the
U.S., Canada, Latin and South America.  Manati's facilities and
employees are very well suited for Inyx's niche aerosol drug
delivery technologies and products," said Dr. Kachkar.
The Manati complex consists of five buildings totaling about
140,000 square feet and extends over 9.5 acres, located in north
central Puerto Rico about 30 miles outside of San Juan.
Currently, Aventis employs approximately 330 people at Manati,
and Inyx said it will retain as many of these experienced and
skilled employees as economically viable.

<PAGE>

Aventis is selling the Manati complex to Inyx because Inyx's
aerosol drug delivery technologies and expertise will enable
Manati, which no longer fits with Aventis' core capacity needs,
to continue to be a productive pharmaceutical center for the
benefit of the site's employees and customers and the local
economy of Puerto Rico, according to Martin Siewert, a senior
executive in Industrial Operations for Aventis.

About Inyx
- ----------

Inyx, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company with aerosol
drug delivery technologies and products for the treatment of
respiratory, allergy, dermatological, topical and cardiovascular
conditions.  Inyx focuses its expertise on both prescription and
over-the-counter pharmaceutical products, and provides specialty
pharmaceutical development and production consulting services to
the international healthcare market.  In addition, Inyx is
developing its own proprietary products to be marketed by
selected clients and strategic partners, which include some of
the largest pharmaceutical companies.  The company's operations
are conducted through its wholly owned subsidiary, INyX Pharma
Limited, with R&D and production facilities located near
Manchester, England, which serves global markets including:
North America, Europe, Latin & South America and the Middle East.
Another wholly owned subsidiary, Inyx Canada, Inc. based in
Toronto, provides business development and support services.
Inyx, Inc.'s corporate offices are in New York City.  Inyx now
has approximately 130 employees, about 120 of whom are based in
England at its 60,000 square foot production center and 30,000
square foot development and administrative facilities.  For more
information, please visit: www.inyxinc.com.

About Aventis
- -------------

Aventis, part of the sanofi-aventis Group (the world's 3rd
largest pharmaceutical company), is dedicated to treating and
preventing disease by discovering and developing innovative
prescription drugs and human vaccines. In 2003, Aventis generated
sales of _ 16.79 billion, invested _ 2.86 billion in research and
development and employed approximately 69,000 people in its core
business. Aventis corporate headquarters are in Strasbourg,
France.  The sanofi-aventis Group is listed in Paris (EURONEXT:
SAN) and in New York (NYSE: SNY).  For more information, please
visit: www.sanofi-aventis.com.

Safe Harbor
- -----------

Statements about the Company's future expectations, including
future revenues and earnings, and all other statements in this
press release other than historical facts, are "forward-looking
statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
and as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. The Company intends that such forward-looking
statements be subject to the safe harbors created thereby. Since
these statements involve risks and uncertainties and are subject
to change at any time, the Company's actual results could differ
materially from expected results.


