
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.3

                             INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT

         INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT  ("AGREEMENT"),  dated as of December 14, 2004,
among GMAC COMMERCIAL  FINANCE LLC ("GMAC CF"), UPS CAPITAL GLOBAL TRADE FINANCE
CORPORATION  ("UPS"),  T.R.  Winston  &  Company,  as agent  (in such  capacity,
"AGENT") for itself and the subordinated secured lenders party to the Debentures
referred to below (such subordinated secured lenders, the "DEBENTURE  HOLDERS"),
and TARRANT  APPAREL GROUP (d/b/a Fashion  Resource),  a California  corporation
("TARRANT").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:
                               - - - - - - - - - -

         WHEREAS,  GMAC CF, Tarrant,  FASHION RESOURCE (TCL), INC., a California
corporation  ("FR"),  TAG MEX, INC., a California  corporation  ("MEX"),  UNITED
APPAREL  VENTURES,  LLC, a  California  limited  liability  company  ("United"),
PRIVATE  BRANDS,  INC., a California  corporation  ("PRIVATE  BRANDS"),  and NO!
JEANS, INC. ("NO! JEANS"), a California corporation (collectively,  the "GMAC CF
OBLIGORS")  have agreed to amend and restate the prior GMAC CF Credit  Agreement
in its entirety as set forth in that certain Factoring Agreement effective as of
September  29, 2004 (as amended,  restated,  modified or otherwise  supplemented
from time to time, the "GMAC CF FACTORING Agreement"); and

         WHEREAS,  to secure its  obligations  pursuant to the GMAC CF Factoring
Agreement,  Tarrant and the other GMAC CF Obligors each granted in favor of GMAC
CF, a security  interest in certain of its  personal  property as more fully set
forth hereafter; and

         WHEREAS,  Tarrant  Company Limited  ("TCL"),  Marble Limited ("ML") and
Trade Link Holdings Limited ("TLHL" and together with TCL and ML,  collectively,
"TARRANT  SUBSIDIARIES"  and each, a "TARRANT  SUBSIDIARY"),  each a corporation
organized  under the laws of Hong Kong,  and UPS are each party to that  certain
Syndicated  Letter of Credit  Facility  Agreement  dated June 13, 2002 (the "UPS
CREDIT  FACILITY")  pursuant  to which UPS has  extended a  revolving  letter of
credit  facility to Tarrant  Subsidiaries to finance the purchase and processing
of  certain  inventory  from time to time by,  or for the  benefit  of,  Tarrant
Subsidiaries; and

         WHEREAS, each of Tarrant and FR has executed and delivered that certain
Guaranty  and  Security  Agreement  dated as of May 30,  2002,  in favor of UPS,
guaranteeing  the  obligations of Tarrant  Subsidiaries to UPS arising under the
UPS Credit  Facility  (the  "GUARANTEED  UPS  OBLIGATIONS")  and,  to secure the
Guaranteed  UPS  Obligations,  each of Tarrant  and FR  (collectively,  the "UPS
OBLIGORS") has granted therein in favor of UPS a security interest in certain of
its personal property as more fully set forth hereafter; and

         WHEREAS,   GMAC  CF,  UPS,   Tarrant,   and  certain  other  controlled
subsidiaries  of  Tarrant  are  parties to that  certain  Amended  and  Restated
Intercreditor  Agreement  dated  as of  December  13,  2004  (the  "GMAC  CF/UPS
INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT"); and

         WHEREAS,  in  connection  with the  issuance  and sale by Tarrant of 6%
Secured Convertible  Debentures due December 14, 2007, in the original aggregate
principal amount of $10,000,000 (the "DEBENTURES"), which Debentures are secured
by a subordinated  security interest in the Subordinated  Collateral (as defined
below), GMAC CF, UPS, Agent and Tarrant have agreed to enter into this Agreement
as set forth herein;

         NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:


<PAGE>


         SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS.  As used herein (except as otherwise  expressly
provided), the following terms shall have the meanings herein specified. Defined
terms in this Agreement  shall include in the singular  number the plural and in
the plural  number the  singular.  All terms  defined in the Uniform  Commercial
Code,  unless  otherwise  defined  herein,  shall  have the  meanings  set forth
therein.

         "BUSINESS DAY" means any day other than a day on which commercial banks
are authorized or required to close in Atlanta, Georgia or New York, New York.

         "COLLATERAL"  means,  collectively,  the GMAC CF Collateral and the UPS
Collateral.

         "CREDITORS"  means GMAC CF, UPS, Agent and the Debenture  Holders,  and
their respective successors and assigns.

         "DEBTOR" shall mean Tarrant, any GMAC CF Obligor or any UPS Obligor.

         "GMAC CF COLLATERAL" has the meaning set forth on SCHEDULE 1 hereto.

         "GMAC CF DEBT" means all  indebtedness,  obligations and liabilities of
any GMAC CF Obligor, direct or indirect,  absolute or contingent,  to GMAC CF or
in  connection  with any of the GMAC CF Loan  Documents  until  the  irrevocable
payment in full of all principal, interest and other amounts thereunder, in each
case  including,  without  limitation,  interest  accruing  from and  after  the
commencement of a voluntary or involuntary  bankruptcy proceeding whether or not
such interest is paid or payable to the applicable Creditor.

         "GMAC CF LOAN DOCUMENTS" shall mean collectively, the GMAC CF Factoring
Agreement and all  agreements,  documents and  instruments  at any time executed
and/or  delivered  by  Tarrant  or any of the  subsidiaries  of  Tarrant a party
thereto  or any  other  person  to,  with or in favor  of GMAC CF in  connection
therewith or related thereto, as all of the foregoing now exist or may hereafter
be amended, modified, supplemented, extended, renewed, restated or replaced from
time to time.

         "INSOLVENCY  PROCEEDING"  shall  mean,  as to  any  Debtor  any  of the
following,  occurring  after the date hereof:  (a) any case or  proceeding  with
respect to such Person under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, any other federal,  state
or  provincial  bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization  or other law affecting
creditors'  rights  generally or any other or similar  proceedings  of any other
jurisdiction  or  otherwise  seeking  any  stay,  reorganization,   arrangement,
liquidation,  dissolution,  composition or  readjustment  of the obligations and
indebtedness of such Person or (b) any proceeding seeking the appointment of any
receiver,  administrative  receiver,  receiver and manager,  examiner,  judicial
custodian,  trustee,  liquidator,  official  manager,  administrator  or similar
official  for such  Person or any  material  part of its  properties  or (c) any
proceedings for liquidation,  dissolution or other winding up of the business of
such Person or (d) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets or capital
stock of such Person or (e) any  assignment  for the benefit of creditors or any
marshaling of assets of such Person.


                                       2
<PAGE>


         "LOAN AGREEMENTS" means the GMAC CF Factoring Agreement, the UPS Credit
Facility, and the Debentures.

         "LOAN  DOCUMENTS"  means  the  GMAC CF  Loan  Documents,  the UPS  Loan
Documents, and the Subordinated Loan Documents.

         "OBLIGATIONS"  means all  indebtedness,  obligations and liabilities of
any Person, direct or indirect,  absolute or contingent, to any of the Creditors
or in connection with any of the Loan Documents until the irrevocable payment in
full of all  principal,  interest  and other  amounts  thereunder,  in each case
including, without limitation, interest accruing from and after the commencement
of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceeding whether or not such interest
is paid or payable to the applicable Creditor.

         "PERSON" or "PERSON" shall mean any  individual,  sole  proprietorship,
partnership,  corporation (including,  without imitation,  any corporation which
elects subchapter S status under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended),
limited  liability  company,  limited  liability  partnership,  business  trust,
unincorporated association,  joint stock company, trust, joint venture, or other
entity  or  any  government  or  any  agency  or  instrumentality  or  political
subdivision thereof.

         "SENIOR CREDITORS" shall mean individually and collectively GMAC CF and
UPS.

         "SENIOR DEBT" shall mean individually and collectively the GMAC CF Debt
and the UPS Debt.

         "SUBORDINATED  COLLATERAL"  has the  meaning  set forth on  SCHEDULE  3
hereto.

         "SUBORDINATED  CREDITORS" shall mean  individually and collectively the
Agent and the Debenture Holders.

         "SUBORDINATED  INDEBTEDNESS"  means all  indebtedness,  obligations and
liabilities  of Tarrant,  direct or  indirect,  absolute or  contingent,  to the
Subordinated  Creditors  or in  connection  with  any of the  Subordinated  Loan
Documents until the irrevocable  payment in full of all principal,  interest and
other amounts thereunder, in each case including,  without limitation,  interest
accruing  from  and  after  the  commencement  of  a  voluntary  or  involuntary
bankruptcy  proceeding  whether or not such  interest  is paid or payable to the
Subordinated Creditors.

         "SUBORDINATED LOAN DOCUMENTS" shall mean, collectively,  the Debentures
and all  agreements,  documents  and  instruments  at any time  executed  and/or
delivered by Tarrant to, with or in favor of the Debenture Holders or the Agent,
for the ratable benefit of the Debenture Holders,  in connection with or related
to the Debentures,  other than the Registration Rights Agreement with respect to
the shares of Common Stock  underlying the  Debentures,  as all of the foregoing
now  exist  or may  hereafter  be  amended,  modified,  supplemented,  extended,
renewed, restated or replaced from time to time as permitted by this Agreement.

         "SUBSIDIARY  STOCK" shall mean all of the issued and outstanding shares
of stock of a any Debtor (other than Tarrant), directly or indirectly,  owned or
controlled, by Tarrant.


                                       3
<PAGE>


         "UCC" or "UNIFORM  COMMERCIAL  CODE" shall mean the Uniform  Commercial
Code as the same  may,  from  time to time,  be  enacted  and in  effect  in any
applicable jurisdiction.

         "UPS COLLATERAL" has the meaning set forth on SCHEDULE 2 hereto.

         "UPS DEBT" means all  indebtedness,  obligations and liabilities of any
UPS Obligor, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, to UPS or in connection
with any of the UPS Loan Documents until the irrevocable  payment in full of all
principal,  interest  and other  amounts  thereunder,  in each  case  including,
without  limitation,  interest  accruing  from and after the  commencement  of a
voluntary or involuntary  bankruptcy  proceeding whether or not such interest is
paid or payable to the applicable Creditor.

         "UPS LOAN DOCUMENTS" shall mean  collectively,  the UPS Credit Facility
and all  agreements,  documents  and  instruments  at any time  executed  and/or
delivered by Tarrant,  any of the  subsidiaries  of Tarrant a party thereto,  or
Tarrant  Subsidiaries or any other person to, with or in favor of UPS, as all of
the  foregoing now exist or may  hereafter be amended,  modified,  supplemented,
extended, renewed, restated or replaced from time to time.

         SECTION 2.  CONSENT;  PRIORITY OF LIENS;  ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS  OF SECURITY
INTEREST; EXISTING AGREEMENT.

         (a)      CONSENT.   Notwithstanding   any  negative   pledge  or  other
restriction  in the GMAC CF Loan  Documents or the UPS Loan  Documents,  each of
GMAC  CF and  UPS  hereby  consents  to  the  transactions  contemplated  by the
Subordinated  Loan  Documents  including  the loans to Tarrant  evidenced by the
Debentures and the lien and pledge of the Subordinated  Collateral by Tarrant in
favor of Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Debenture Holders.

         (b)      PRIORITY OF LIENS.

                  (i)      Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary  including,
         without  limitation,  the date, time,  manner or order of perfection or
         attachment  of the  security  interests  and  liens  on the  Collateral
         granted  by  Tarrant  to  either  of  the  Senior   Creditors   or  the
         Subordinated  Creditors,  and  notwithstanding the usual application of
         the  priority  provisions  of the UCC or any  other  applicable  law or
         judicial  decision of any  jurisdiction,  or whether  any  Subordinated
         Creditor holds possession of all or any part of the Collateral, or if a
         Secured Creditor or a Subordinated Creditor is perfected without filing
         or possession in any part of the  Collateral,  the parties hereto agree
         that the Lien in  favor  of GMAC CF on the GMAC CF  Collateral  and the
         Lien in favor of UPS on the UPS Collateral  shall be first,  senior and
         prior security interests and Liens on the Collateral, prior in interest
         and  superior  to  the  Lien  of  the  Subordinated  Creditors  on  the
         Subordinated Collateral.

                  (ii)     No Subordinated  Creditor shall contest the validity,
         perfection or enforceability of the Liens on the GMAC CF Collateral and
         the UPS  Collateral or any other Lien or security  interest  granted to
         any Senior  Creditor by Tarrant or any other Debtor,  or any payment on
         the GMAC CF Debt or the UPS Debt or the  allowance  of the GMAC CF Debt
         or the UPS Debt as a senior  secured  claim,  and  Agent,  on behalf of
         Agent and the Debenture Holders,


                                       4
<PAGE>


         agrees  to  cooperate  in the  defense  of any  action  contesting  the
         validity,  perfection  or  enforceability  of such  Liens  or  security
         interests or such payment or allowance.

         (c)      ACKNOWLEDGMENTS.   Agent,  for  the  ratable  benefit  of  the
Debenture  Holders,  shall hold no lien or have any security  interest in any of
the GMAC CF  Collateral  or UPS  Collateral  or any  other  assets  of  Tarrant,
including any Subsidiary  Stock, or any other Debtor except for the Subordinated
Collateral.

         (d)      EXISTING INTERCREDITOR  AGREEMENT.  Nothing herein is intended
to,  and shall  not,  amend or modify  the terms of the  Existing  Intercreditor
Agreement  or the rights and  obligations  of GMAC CF and UPS,  as between  such
parties, under the Existing Intercreditor Agreement.

         SECTION 3. OTHER AGREEMENTS.

         (a)      TURNOVER  OF  PROCEEDS.  Agent,  on  behalf  of Agent  and the
Debenture  Holders,  agrees  that it  will  hold  any  proceeds  of any  GMAC CF
Collateral that it may receive for the account of GMAC CF and pay, in like money
and  funds,  any such  amounts  that it may  receive  to GMAC CF  promptly  upon
receipt.  Agent,  on behalf of Agent and the Debenture  Holders,  agrees that it
will hold any proceeds of any UPS Collateral for the account of UPS, and pay, in
like money and funds,  any such amounts that it may receive to UPS promptly upon
receipt.  Notwithstanding any provision of any insurance policy or assignment to
the  contrary,  if Agent,  for the  ratable  benefit of the  Debenture  Holders,
receives any insurance  proceeds paid or payable as a result of casualty,  loss,
theft or other event relating to the GMAC CF  Collateral,  Agent shall hold such
proceeds in trust for GMAC CF and will  promptly  deliver the same to GMAC CF in
the form  received,  accompanied by any necessary  assignments or  endorsements.
Notwithstanding  any  provision of any  insurance  policy or  assignment  to the
contrary,  if Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Debenture Holders,  receives
any insurance  proceeds paid or payable as a result of casualty,  loss, theft or
other event  relating to the UPS  Collateral,  Agent shall hold such proceeds in
trust for UPS and will  promptly  deliver the same to UPS in the form  received,
accompanied by any necessary assignments or endorsements.

         (b)      LIMITATION  ON  DUTIES.  Agent,  on  behalf  of Agent  and the
Debenture Holders,  agrees that neither GMAC CF nor UPS shall have any duties to
Agent or any of the Debenture  Holders  under or in respect of the  Subordinated
Loan Documents.

         (c)      RIGHTS TO DEAL WITH COLLATERAL.  Agent, on behalf of Agent and
the Debenture Holders,  agrees that (i) UPS shall be entitled to sell,  transfer
or otherwise  dispose of or deal with the UPS  Collateral as provided in the UPS
Credit  Facility,  and (ii)  GMAC CF  shall be  entitled  to sell,  transfer  or
otherwise dispose of or deal with the GMAC CF Collateral as provided in the GMAC
CF  Factoring  Agreement.  Upon request of GMAC CF or UPS,  Agent,  on behalf of
Agent and the  Debenture  Holders,  agrees that it will execute and deliver such
further  documents  (including,  without  limitation,  releases and  termination
statements) in conjunction with the sale,  transfer or other  disposition of any
GMAC CF Collateral or UPS  Collateral,  as applicable,  as shall be necessary or
desirable, in the commercially reasonable opinion of GMAC CF or UPS, in order to
effectuate the disposition of such collateral by such party. Each of Tarrant and
Agent, on behalf of Agent and the Debenture Holders, hereby waives


                                       5
<PAGE>


any rights it may have to require  marshalling of the  Collateral.  Accordingly,
Agent, on behalf of Agent and the Debenture Holders,  hereby agrees that UPS may
liquidate the UPS Collateral in any order in its sole discretion and GMAC CF may
liquidate the GMAC CF Collateral in any order in its sole discretion.

         (d)      AMENDMENT OF LOAN DOCUMENTS. Each Senior Creditor reserves the
right, in its sole discretion (but with any required  consent of Tarrant and any
other party  thereto,  and without  limiting the  obligations  of Tarrant or any
other party under any Loan Document), to amend, waive or otherwise modify any of
the  provisions  of the Loan  Documents  to which it is a party and, in its sole
discretion, to exercise or refrain from exercising any powers or rights which it
may have thereunder.

         (e)      TRANSFERS.  Notwithstanding  any  provision to the contrary in
any Loan  Agreement  and without  limiting  Section 5 hereof,  any  Creditor may
transfer this Agreement or any other Loan Document or all or a portion of any of
its  rights and  obligations  under this  Agreement  or any other Loan  Document
(whether by way of security or otherwise) to one or more  transferees,  provided
that each such transferee  shall have, from and after the effective date of such
transfer,  to the extent of the  interest  transferred,  agreed in writing to be
bound by this Agreement to the same extent as if substituted  for its transferor
hereunder and shall thereby  succeed to and assume the rights and obligations of
such  transferor  under this  Agreement  and the other Loan  Documents,  and the
transferor thereupon shall, to the same extent, be released from its obligations
under this Agreement.

         (f)      CERTAIN  NOTICES BY AGENT.  Agent,  on behalf of Agent and the
Debenture  Holders,  hereby agrees that it shall promptly notify GMAC CF and UPS
of Agent  declaring in writing to Tarrant an Event of Default (as defined in the
Debentures) under the Subordinated Loan Documents.

         (g)      STANDSTILL.

                  (i)      Agent, on behalf of Agent and the Debenture  Holders,
         agrees  that it shall  not  exercise  any  rights  (including,  but not
         limited to,  setoff  rights) nor assert any claims with  respect to the
         Collateral  or the  Subsidiary  Stock,  nor  seek to  foreclose  on its
         security  interests,  nor take any action or institute any proceedings,
         directly or indirectly,  with respect to the Collateral (including, but
         not  limited  to,  commencing  or joining  with any other  creditor  or
         creditors in commencing any Insolvency  Proceeding  against any Debtor)
         until the receipt by Agent,  for the ratable  benefit of the  Debenture
         Holders,  of  notice  from  GMAC CF that  the  GMAC  CF  Obligors  have
         indefeasibly  satisfied  in full the GMAC CF Debt and from UPS that the
         UPS Obligors have indefeasibly satisfied in full the UPS Debt.

                  (ii)     Notwithstanding Section 3(g)(i) (except, with respect
         to clause (C), any actions described in clause (C) shall be subject to,
         and not in  contravention  of, such Section) or any other  provision of
         this  Agreement to the  contrary,  this  Agreement  does not  prohibit,
         restrict  or limit a Debenture  Holder's  right  independently  of, and
         without  the  consent  of, the Agent,  for the  ratable  benefit of the
         Debenture  Holders,  or any other  Lender,  to: (A)  receive  shares of
         Tarrant's Common Stock upon conversion or exercise of the Debentures or
         any  other  securities  issued  in  connection  therewith,  and to seek
         specific  performance  thereof;  or (B) receive


                                       6
<PAGE>


         payments to the extent provided for under Section  3(h)(i)(A) below; or
         (C) seek to collect  the  Subordinated  Indebtedness  or take any other
         action,  including a declaration of default as to, or acceleration  of,
         any  Subordinated  Indebtedness or assertion of any claims or otherwise
         initiating  any  Insolvency   Case,  or  instituting  any  other  legal
         proceeding against Tarrant.

         (h)      SUBORDINATION OF THE SUBORDINATED INDEBTEDNESS.

                  (i)      Tarrant  and  Agent,  on  behalf  of  Agent  and  the
         Debenture  Holders,  agree in favor of Senior  Creditors that until all
         Senior Debt is indefeasibly paid and satisfied in full:

                           (A)      Tarrant shall not,  directly or  indirectly,
                  make, and Agent, on behalf of Agent and the Debenture Holders,
                  agrees that it shall not,  directly or  indirectly,  accept or
                  receive,   any  payment  of   principal  or  interest  or  any
                  prepayment or non-mandatory payment or any payment pursuant to
                  acceleration  or claims of breach or to  acquire  Subordinated
                  Indebtedness  or  otherwise  in  respect  of any  Subordinated
                  Indebtedness;  except that, so long as no Event of Default, or
                  event  which with the giving of  notice,  passage of time,  or
                  both,  would  constitute  an  Event  of  Default,  shall  have
                  occurred  and be  continuing  under the terms of either of the
                  GMAC CF Loan  Documents  or UPS  Loan  Documents  or  would be
                  caused  thereby,   Agent,  for  the  ratable  benefit  of  the
                  Debenture  Holders,  and the Debenture Holders may collect and
                  receive   and  Tarrant   may  pay  (1)   regularly   scheduled
                  installments  on a quarterly  basis of interest at a per annum
                  rate of 6%,  as they  become  due  (but  not in  advance,  and
                  without  acceleration),  (2) payment of liquidated damages and
                  fees pursuant to the terms of the Debenture or the transaction
                  documents entered into in connection therewith,  and (3) after
                  indefeasible payment of the Senior Debt, principal at maturity
                  of the Debentures in accordance  with the terms and conditions
                  of the Debentures;

                           (B)      Tarrant  shall not  grant to Agent,  for the
                  ratable benefit of the Debenture Holders, and Agent, on behalf
                  of Agent and the Debenture  Holders,  agrees that it shall not
                  acquire  any  additional  collateral  or  guarantees  for  any
                  Subordinated Indebtedness; and

                           (C)      Tarrant and Agent  shall not amend,  modify,
                  alter or  change  the  terms of any of the  Subordinated  Loan
                  Documents   or  any   other   arrangements   related   to  the
                  Subordinated  Indebtedness,  without the prior written consent
                  of Senior Creditors;

                  (ii)     A legend shall be written by Agent on any  instrument
         at any time evidencing the Subordinated Indebtedness to the effect that
         it is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

                  (iii)    Should any payment of or  distribution  on account of
         any  Subordinated  Indebtedness be received or collected by Agent,  for
         the  ratable  benefit of the  Debenture  Holders,  to the  extent  such
         payment or  distribution  was not permitted  under  Section  3(h)(i)(A)
         hereof, such payment shall be held in trust by Agent for the benefit of
         Senior  Creditors and shall be delivered  forthwith to Senior Creditors
         for application to Senior Debt, in the form received with any necessary
         endorsement or assignment. Such payment shall be split among the Senior
         Creditors on a 50/50 basis.

                  (vi)     Tarrant  and  Agent,  on  behalf  of  Agent  and  the
         Debenture  Holders,   waive  notice  of  acceptance  hereof  by  Senior
         Creditors,  and waive  notice of and  consent  to the  creation


                                       7
<PAGE>


         of any Senior Debt,  extensions granted or other action taken by Senior
         Creditors in reliance hereon,  the acquisition or release of collateral
         for or guarantors  of the payment of Senior Debt,  the releasing of any
         other  subordinating  creditor,  if applicable.  Tarrant and Agent,  on
         behalf of Agent and the Debenture Holders,  waive demand,  presentment,
         protest, notice of protest and of default and any and all other notices
         (except as  expressly  provided  for herein) to which any of them might
         otherwise be entitled.

         (i)      INSOLVENCY. This Agreement shall be applicable both before and
after the  commencement  of any Insolvency  Proceeding by or against Tarrant and
all converted and succeeding cases in respect thereof.  The relative rights,  as
provided for in this  Agreement,  shall continue after the  commencement  of any
such case on the same basis as prior to the date of the commencement of any such
case, as provided in this  Agreement,  subject to any court order  approving the
financing of or use of cash collateral by Tarrant, as debtor-in-possession.

         SECTION 4. NOTICES. All notices, requests,  consents, demands and other
communications to or upon the respective  parties hereto shall be in writing and
telecopied  or delivered to the intended  recipient at its "Address for Notices"
specified  below its name on the signature pages hereof or at such other address
as shall be  designated  by such  party in a notice  to the other  parties.  All
notices,  requests or demands  required to be made or given  hereunder  shall be
deemed to have been duly given or made: if by hand,  immediately  upon delivery;
if by certified mail, return receipt requested,  five (5) days after mailing; if
by  overnight  delivery  service,  one  day  after  dispatch;  or if  by  telex,
telecopier (fax) or telegram, immediately upon receipt.

         SECTION 5. BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT;  OBLIGATIONS  SEVERAL.  This Agreement
shall be  binding  upon and inure to the  benefit of and be  enforceable  by the
respective  successors  and  permitted  assigns of the  parties  hereto.  By its
consent to the provisions of this  Agreement,  Tarrant agrees to be bound by the
provisions  hereof.  The obligations of each of the parties under this Agreement
are several and not joint, it being  expressly  agreed that no Creditor shall be
liable  for the  failure  of any  other  Creditor  to  perform  its  obligations
hereunder.

         SECTION 6. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement and the rights and obligations
of the parties  hereunder  shall be construed in accordance with and be governed
by the law of the State of New York. Any legal action or proceeding with respect
to this  Agreement may be brought in any state or superior  court located in New
York  County,  New York or any court of the  United  States of  America  for the
Southern  District of New York and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement,
each party  hereto  hereby  accepts  for itself and in respect of its  property,
generally and unconditionally,  the non-exclusive  jurisdiction of the aforesaid
courts.

         SECTION 7. WAIVER OF JURY  TRIAL.  EACH OF THE  PARTIES  HERETO  HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY  WAIVES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, TRIAL BY JURY
IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT.

         SECTION 8.  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts  and by the different  parties hereto on separate  counterparts,
each of which when so executed and  delivered  shall be an original,  but all of
which shall  together  constitute  one and the same  instrument.  Any signatures
delivered by a party by facsimile transmission or by e-mail


                                       8
<PAGE>


transmission  of an adobe file format  document (also known as a PDF file) shall
be deemed an original signature hereto.

         SECTION 9. EFFECTIVENESS.  This Agreement shall become effective on the
date on which all of the parties hereto shall have signed a copy hereof (whether
the same or different copies) and shall have delivered the same to the Creditors
at their addresses set forth below.  This Agreement shall remain effective until
all Obligations are irrevocably paid in full, provided that once the Obligations
owed to any Creditor  shall have been  irrevocably  paid in full,  such Creditor
shall have no further rights hereunder.

         SECTION 10. HEADINGS DESCRIPTIVE.  The headings of the several sections
of this  Agreement  are inserted for  convenience  only and shall not in any way
affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.

         SECTION  11.  AMENDMENT  OR  WAIVER.  This  Agreement  may be  amended,
changed,  waived,  discharged or terminated  with the written consent of each of
the parties  hereto,  provided that no consent of any Creditor shall be required
if all  Obligations  to that  Creditor  have  been  paid in full,  are no longer
outstanding and cannot be reborrowed.

         SECTION 12. INCONSISTENT PROVISIONS. If any provision of this Agreement
shall be inconsistent  with, or contrary to, any provision in any Loan Document,
the provision in this Agreement shall be  controlling,  and shall supersede such
inconsistent  provision  to the  extent  necessary  to give  full  effect to all
provisions contained in this Agreement.

         SECTION 13.  SEVERABILITY.  Any  provision of this  Agreement  which is
prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction  shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such  prohibition  or  unenforceability  without
invalidating  the  remaining  provisions  hereof or  affecting  the  validity or
enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.

         SECTION 14.  REPRESENTATION  AND WARRANTY OF AGENT.  Agent  represents,
warrants,  acknowledges  and agrees on behalf of itself and any Debenture Holder
on the date hereof that it is authorized to enter into this  Agreement on behalf
of itself and each Debenture Holder.



                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]


                                       9
<PAGE>


         IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,   the  parties  hereto  have  caused  their  duly
authorized  officers to execute and deliver this  Agreement as of the date first
above written.

                           GMAC COMMERCIAL FINANCE LLC


                           By:          /S/ WES TAKEUCHI
                               ----------------------------------------------
                           Name:        WES TAKEUCHI
                                 --------------------------------------------
                           Title:       SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT
                                  -------------------------------------------

                           ADDRESS FOR NOTICES:
                           -------------------
                           444 South Flower Street
                           Suite 4500
                           Los Angeles, California 90071
                           Attention:  Mr. Wes Takeuchi
                           Telecopy No.: (213) 817-6612

                           WITH A COPY TO:
                           --------------

                           Otterbourg, Steindler, Houston & Rosen, P.C.
                           230 Park Avenue
                           New York, New York 10169
                           Attention:  Mitchell M. Brand, Esq.
                           Telecopy No.:  (212) 682-6104



                     [SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON FOLLOWING PAGE]


                                       10
<PAGE>




                           UPS CAPITAL GLOBAL TRADE
                           FINANCE CORPORATION


                           By:        /S/ JOHN P. HOLLOWAY
                               ----------------------------------------------
                           Name:      JOHN P. HOLLOWAY
                                 --------------------------------------------
                           Title:     DIRECTOR OF PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
                                  -------------------------------------------

                           ADDRESS FOR NOTICES:
                           -------------------
                           35 Glenlake Parkway
                           Atlanta, Georgia  30328
                           Attention:  John P. Holloway
                           Telecopy No.:  (404) 828-3775

                           WITH A COPY TO:
                           --------------
                           Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker LLP
                           600 Peachtree Street, N.E., Suite 2400
                           Atlanta, GA 30308-2222
                           Attention:  Chris D. Molen, Esq.
                           Telecopy No.:  (404) 815-2424


                           T.R. WINSTON & COMPANY

                           By:          /S/ G. TYLER RUNNELS
                               ----------------------------------------------
                           Name:        G. TYLER RUNNELS
                                 --------------------------------------------
                           Title:       CHAIRMAN/CEO
                                  -------------------------------------------

                           ADDRESS FOR NOTICES:
                           -------------------

                           376 Main Street
                           Bedminster, NJ  07921
                           Attention:  President


                           WITH A COPY TO:
                           --------------
                           Feldman Weinstein LLP
                           The Graybar Building
                           420 Lexington Avenue
                           New York, New York 10170-0002
                           Attention:  Robert Charron, Esq.
                           Telecopy No.:  (212) 401 4741


                                       11
<PAGE>


         The  undersigned  hereby  acknowledge  and  agree  to the  terms of the
annexed Intercreditor Agreement this 14th day of December, 2004.

                           TARRANT APPAREL GROUP (d/b/a
                           Fashion Resource)

                           By:               /S/ CORAZON REYES
                               ----------------------------------------------
                           Name:             CORAZON REYES
                                 --------------------------------------------
                           Title:            CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
                                  -------------------------------------------

                           ADDRESS FOR NOTICES:
                           -------------------

                           3151 East Washington Boulevard
                           Los Angeles, California 90023
                           Attention:  Corazon Reyes
                           Telecopy No.:  (323) 881-0332


                                       12
<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE 1

                               GMAC CF COLLATERAL


                  All of each GMAC CF  Obligor's  present  and future  Accounts,
Chattel  Paper  and  Instruments,   and  all  Supporting  Obligations,   General
Intangibles and Documents arising out of or relating to the foregoing;  Retained
Goods;  credit  balances and other  property of such GMAC CF  Obligor's  held or
received by GMAC CF;  rights of stoppage  in  transit,  replevin,  repossession,
reclamation  and other rights and remedies of an unpaid vendor;  and all of such
GMAC CF Obligor's Records relating to and all proceeds of the foregoing property
and rights, but excluding the UPS Collateral. As used in this Schedule:

                  "ACCOUNT" shall have the meaning set forth in the UCC.

                  "CHATTEL PAPER" shall have the meaning set forth in the UCC.

                  "CUSTOMER"  shall mean and  include  the  account  debtor with
respect to any Account and/or the  prospective  purchaser of goods,  services or
both with respect to any contract or contract right, and/or any party who enters
into or proposes to enter into any contract or other  arrangement with a GMAC CF
Obligor,  pursuant  to which such GMAC CF Obligor  is to  deliver  any  personal
property or perform any services.

                  "DOCUMENT" shall have the meaning set forth in the UCC.

                  "GENERAL  INTANGIBLE"  shall have the meaning set forth in the
UCC.

                  "INSTRUMENT" shall have the meaning set forth in the UCC.

                  "INVENTORY" shall have the meaning set forth in the UCC.

                  "RECORDS"  shall mean all of a GMAC CF  Obligor's  present and
future books of account of every kind or nature,  purchase and sale  agreements,
invoices,  ledger  cards,  ledger  sheets,  bills of lading  and other  shipping
evidence, statements, files, correspondence, memoranda, documents, credit files,
business  papers  and  other  data  relating  to the GMAC CF  Collateral  or any
Customer,  together with the computer  software  (whether  owned by such GMAC CF
Obligor  or in which  it has an  interest),  computer  programs,  tapes,  disks,
diskettes and other data and software storage media and devices, computers, file
cabinets  or  containers  in or on which the  foregoing  are stored  (including,
without  limitation,  any of such GMAC CF  Obligor's  rights with respect to the
foregoing maintained with or by any other person).

                  "RETAINED  GOODS"  shall  mean  all  merchandise  returned  or
rejected by Customers or repossessed from Customers  relating to or securing any
of the Accounts.

                  "SUPPORTING  OBLIGATION"  shall have the  meaning set forth in
the UCC.


                                       13
<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE 2

                                 UPS COLLATERAL


1.   Any  and all  Inventory  financed  pursuant  to the  UPS  Credit  Facility,
     acquired directly or indirectly by any UPS Obligor from one or more Tarrant
     Subsidiaries (the "INVENTORY");

2.   That certain deposit account maintained by any UPS Obligor at Union Bank of
     California, N.A., Account Number 2100716472 and any proceeds thereof;

3.   FR's equity interests, direct or indirect, in TCL; and

4.   Proceeds  and  products,  whether  tangible  or  intangible,  of any of the
     foregoing,  including  proceeds  of  insurance  covering  any or all of the
     foregoing, and any and all accounts, books, general intangibles, inventory,
     investment property,  negotiable  collateral,  money, deposit accounts,  or
     other tangible or intangible  property  resulting from the sale,  exchange,
     collection,  or other  disposition of any of the foregoing,  or any portion
     thereof or interest therein, and the proceeds thereof.


                                       14
<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE 3

                             SUBORDINATED COLLATERAL


All of Tarrant's present and future Accounts, Chattel Paper and Instruments, and
all Supporting Obligations,  General Intangibles and Documents arising out of or
relating to the foregoing; Retained Goods; credit balances and other property of
Tarrant  held or  received  by the  Debenture  Holders;  rights of  stoppage  in
transit, replevin, repossession, reclamation and other rights and remedies of an
unpaid vendor;  and all of Tarrant's Records relating to and all proceeds of the
foregoing property and rights but excluding the UPS Collateral.


                                       15

