
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.5

                                FORM OF DEBENTURE

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE
HAVE  BEEN  REGISTERED  WITH  THE  SECURITIES  AND  EXCHANGE  COMMISSION  OR THE
SECURITIES   COMMISSION  OF  ANY  STATE  IN  RELIANCE  UPON  AN  EXEMPTION  FROM
REGISTRATION  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OF 1933,  AS AMENDED  (THE  "SECURITIES
ACT"),  AND,  ACCORDINGLY,  MAY NOT BE OFFERED  OR SOLD  EXCEPT  PURSUANT  TO AN
EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
AVAILABLE  EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE  REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS  OF THE  SECURITIES  ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE  WITH  APPLICABLE  STATE
SECURITIES  LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO
SUCH  EFFECT,  THE  SUBSTANCE  OF WHICH SHALL BE  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE  TO THE
COMPANY.  THIS  SECURITY AND THE  SECURITIES  ISSUABLE  UPON  CONVERSION OF THIS
SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION  WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN  ACCOUNT OR OTHER
LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

Original Issue Date: December ___, 2004
Original Conversion Price (subject to adjustment herein): $2.00

                                                                $---------------


                        6% SECURED CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE
                             DUE DECEMBER ___, 2007

         THIS  DEBENTURE  is one of a series of duly  authorized  and  issued 6%
Secured   Convertible   Debentures  of  Tarrant   Apparel  Group,  a  California
corporation,  having a  principal  place of  business  at 3151  East  Washington
Boulevard, Los Angeles,  California 90023 (the "COMPANY"),  designated as its 6%
Secured Convertible Debenture, due December ___, 2007 (the "DEBENTURE(S)").

         FOR   VALUE    RECEIVED,    the    Company    promises    to   pay   to
________________________ or its registered assigns (the "HOLDER"), the principal
sum of  $_______________  on  December  ___,  2007 or such  earlier  date as the
Debentures  are required or permitted  to be repaid as provided  hereunder  (the
"MATURITY DATE"), and to pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted
and then  outstanding  principal amount of this Debenture in accordance with the
provisions  hereof.  This  Debenture  is  subject  to the  following  additional
provisions:

         SECTION 1.  DEFINITIONS.  For the purposes  hereof,  in addition to the
terms defined  elsewhere in this Debenture:  (a) capitalized terms not otherwise
defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Purchase  Agreement,
and (b) the following terms shall have the following meanings:


                                       1
<PAGE>


                  "ALTERNATE  CONSIDERATION" shall have the meaning set forth in
         Section 5(d).

                  "BASE  CONVERSION  PRICE"  shall have the meaning set forth in
         Section 5(b).

                  "BUSINESS DAY" means any day except  Saturday,  Sunday and any
         day which shall be a federal  legal  holiday in the United  States or a
         day on  which  banking  institutions  in the  State  of  New  York  are
         authorized or required by law or other government action to close.

                  "BUY-IN" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(d)(v).

                  "CHANGE OF CONTROL TRANSACTION" means the occurrence after the
         date  hereof of any of (i) an  acquisition  after the date hereof by an
         individual or legal entity or "group" (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1)
         promulgated  under the  Exchange  Act) of  effective  control  (whether
         through legal or beneficial  ownership of capital stock of the Company,
         by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 33% of the voting  securities
         of the  Company,  or (ii) a  replacement  at one time or within a three
         year period of more than one-half of the members of the Company's board
         of directors  which is not approved by a majority of those  individuals
         who are  members of the board of  directors  on the date  hereof (or by
         those  individuals who are serving as members of the board of directors
         on any date whose  nomination to the board of directors was approved by
         a majority of the members of the board of directors  who are members on
         the date hereof), or (iii) the execution by the Company of an agreement
         to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound,  providing for
         any of the events set forth above in (i) or (ii); provided,  however, a
         Change of Control shall not have been deemed to occur on account of the
         purchase  by  the  potential  investor  identified  in  the  Disclosure
         Schedules,  or any of such investor's  affiliates,  of up to 10,000,000
         shares (adjusted for any stock splits,  reverse splits and the like) of
         Common  Stock or  securities  convertible  or  exercisable  into Common
         Stock, or a combination of both.

                  "CLOSING PRICE" means,  for any date, the price  determined by
         the first of the  following  clauses  that  applies:  (a) if the Common
         Stock is then  listed or quoted on a Trading  Market,  the  closing bid
         price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
         on the  Trading  Market on which  the  Common  Stock is then  listed or
         quoted as reported by Bloomberg  Financial L.P. (based on a Trading Day
         from 9:30 a.m.  Eastern  Time to 4:02 p.m.  Eastern  Time);  (b) if the
         Common  Stock is not then  listed or quoted on a Trading  Market and if
         prices  for the Common  Stock are then  reported  in the "Pink  Sheets"
         published by the Pink Sheets, LLC (or a similar  organization or agency
         succeeding to its functions of reporting  prices),  the most recent bid
         price per share of the Common  Stock so  reported;  or (c) in all other
         cases,  the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as  determined
         by an independent  appraiser  selected in good faith by the Holders and
         reasonably acceptable to the Company.


                                       2
<PAGE>


                  "COMMON STOCK" means the common stock, no par value per share,
         of the  Company and stock of any other class into which such shares may
         hereafter have been reclassified or changed.

                  "CONVERSION  DATE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
         4(a).

                  "CONVERSION PRICE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
         4(b).

                  "CONVERSION  SHARES" means the shares of Common Stock issuable
         upon  conversion  of Debentures or as payment of interest in accordance
         with the terms.

                  "DEBENTURE  REGISTER"  shall  have the  meaning  set  forth in
         Section 2(c).

                  "DILUTIVE  ISSUANCE"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth in
         Section 5(b).

                  "DILUTIVE ISSUANCE NOTICE" shall have the meaning set forth in
         Section 5(b).

                  "EFFECTIVENESS  PERIOD"  shall have the meaning  given to such
         term in the Registration Rights Agreement.

                  "EQUITY CONDITIONS" shall mean, during the period in question,
         (i) the Company shall have duly honored all conversions and redemptions
         scheduled  to occur or  occurring  by virtue  of one or more  Notice of
         Conversions,  if any,  (ii) all  liquidated  damages and other  amounts
         owing in respect of the  Debentures  for which written  demand has been
         made by the Holder  shall have been paid;  (iii) there is an  effective
         Registration  Statement  pursuant to which the Holder is  permitted  to
         utilize the prospectus  thereunder to resell all of the shares issuable
         pursuant to the  Transaction  Documents (and the Company  believes,  in
         good faith, that such effectiveness will continue uninterrupted for the
         foreseeable  future),  (iv) the Common  Stock is trading on the Trading
         Market  and all of the  shares  issuable  pursuant  to the  Transaction
         Documents  are listed for trading on a Trading  Market (and the Company
         believes,  in good faith, that trading of the Common Stock on a Trading
         Market will continue  uninterrupted  for the foreseeable  future),  (v)
         there is a sufficient  number of authorized  but unissued and otherwise
         unreserved shares of Common Stock for the issuance of all of the shares
         issuable  pursuant  to the  Transaction  Documents,  (vi) there is then
         existing no Event of Default or event  which,  with the passage of time
         or the giving of notice,  would  constitute an Event of Default,  (vii)
         all of the  shares  issued  or  issuable  pursuant  to the  transaction
         proposed  would not  violate  the  limitations  set  forth in  Sections
         4(c)(i) and 4(c)(ii) and (viii) no public  announcement of a pending or
         proposed  Fundamental  Transaction or Change of Control Transaction has
         occurred that has not been consummated or terminated.

                  "EVENT OF DEFAULT" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
         8.

                  "EXCHANGE ACT" means the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as
         amended.

                  "FUNDAMENTAL  TRANSACTION" shall have the meaning set forth in
         Section 5(d).


                                       3
<PAGE>


                  "FORCED CONVERSION NOTICE" shall have the meaning set forth in
         Section 4(e).

                  "FORCE  CONVERSION  NOTICE  DATE"  shall have the  meaning set
         forth in Section 4(e).

                  "INTEREST  CONVERSION  RATE" means 100% of the  Closing  Price
         immediately prior to the applicable Interest Payment Date.

                  "INTEREST  PAYMENT  DATE"  shall have the meaning set forth in
         Section 2(a).

                  "LATE FEES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d).

                  "MANDATORY  PREPAYMENT  AMOUNT" for any Debentures shall equal
         the sum of (i) the  greater  of:  (A) 120% of the  principal  amount of
         Debentures to be prepaid, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon,
         or (B) the principal amount of Debentures to be prepaid, plus all other
         accrued and unpaid interest hereon,  divided by the Conversion Price on
         (x) the date the Mandatory  Prepayment  Amount is demanded or otherwise
         due or (y) the date the  Mandatory  Prepayment  Amount is paid in full,
         whichever is less,  multiplied by the Closing Price on (x) the date the
         Mandatory  Prepayment  Amount is demanded or  otherwise  due or (y) the
         date the  Mandatory  Prepayment  Amount is paid in full,  whichever  is
         greater,  and (ii) all other  amounts,  costs,  expenses and liquidated
         damages  due in respect of such  Debentures.  Notwithstanding  anything
         herein  to the  contrary,  if at the time the  Holder  delivers  to the
         Company a notice of an Event of Default (I) the Company has and is duly
         honoring  all   conversions,   if  any,  (II)  there  is  an  effective
         Registration  Statement  pursuant to which the Holder is  permitted  to
         utilize the prospectus  thereunder to resell all of the shares issuable
         pursuant to the  Transaction  Documents (and the Company  believes,  in
         good faith, that such effectiveness will continue uninterrupted for the
         foreseeable  future),  (III) the Common Stock is trading on the Trading
         Market  and all of the  shares  issuable  pursuant  to the  Transaction
         Documents  are listed for trading on a Trading  Market (and the Company
         believes,  in good faith, that trading of the Common Stock on a Trading
         Market will continue  uninterrupted for the foreseeable  future),  (IV)
         there exists no other reason  (other than the  discretion of the Holder
         or market  conditions)  which would  otherwise  deprive the Holder from
         receiving (other than Section 4(c)(ii))  Conversion Shares or disposing
         of the  Conversion  Shares on the  Trading  Market and (V) the  Company
         takes no action  thereafter to directly or indirectly cause clauses (I)
         through  (IV) above to no longer be exist,  then clause (B) above shall
         not  be  available  for  the  purpose  of  calculating   the  Mandatory
         Prepayment Amount as to such notice of an Event of Default.

                  "NEW YORK COURTS"  shall have the meaning set forth in Section
         9(d).

                  "NOTICE OF  CONVERSION"  shall have the  meaning  set forth in
         Section 4(a).

                   "ORIGINAL  ISSUE  DATE"  shall  mean  the  date of the  first
         issuance of the Debentures regardless of the number of transfers of any
         Debenture  and  regardless  of the number of  instruments  which may be
         issued to evidence such Debenture.


                                       4
<PAGE>


                  "PERSON" means a corporation,  an association,  a partnership,
         organization,  a business,  an  individual,  a government  or political
         subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.

                  "PURCHASE  AGREEMENT" means the Securities Purchase Agreement,
         dated as of  December 6, 2004,  to which the  Company and the  original
         Holder are parties,  as amended,  modified or supplemented from time to
         time in accordance with its terms.

                  "REGISTRATION  RIGHTS AGREEMENT" means the Registration Rights
         Agreement, dated as of the date of the Purchase Agreement, to which the
         Company and the original  Holder are parties,  as amended,  modified or
         supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

                  "REGISTRATION   STATEMENT"  means  a  registration   statement
         meeting  the  requirements   set  forth  in  the  Registration   Rights
         Agreement,  covering  among other  things the resale of the  Conversion
         Shares and naming the Holder as a "selling stockholder" thereunder.

                  "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
         and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

                  "SHAREHOLDER  APPROVAL"  shall have the meaning  given to such
         term in the Purchase Agreement.

                  "SUBSIDIARY"  shall have the meaning given to such term in the
         Purchase Agreement.

                  "THRESHOLD  PERIOD"  shall have the meaning given to such term
         in Section 4(e).

                  "TRADING  DAY" means a day on which the Common Stock is traded
         on a Trading Market.

                   "TRADING MARKET" means the following  markets or exchanges on
         which the Common  Stock is listed or quoted for  trading on the date in
         question:  the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, the American Stock Exchange, the
         New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq National Market or the OTC Bulletin
         Board.

                  "TRANSACTION  DOCUMENTS"  shall have the  meaning set forth in
         the Purchase Agreement.

         SECTION 2. INTEREST.

                  a) PAYMENT OF INTEREST IN CASH OR KIND.  The Company shall pay
         interest  to  the  Holder  on  the  aggregate   unconverted   and  then
         outstanding  principal  amount of this  Debenture at the rate of 6% per
         annum,  payable quarterly,  in arrears, on March 31, June 30, September
         30 and December 31, beginning on the first such date after the Original


                                       5
<PAGE>


         Issue Date and on each  Conversion  Date (as to that  principal  amount
         then being  converted)  and on the Maturity  Date (except  that, if any
         such date is not a Business  Day, then such payment shall be due on the
         next  succeeding  Business Day) (each such date,  an "INTEREST  PAYMENT
         DATE"),  in cash or shares of Common Stock at the  Interest  Conversion
         Rate, or a combination thereof; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, payment in shares of
         Common  Stock  may  only  occur  if  (i)  during  the 20  Trading  Days
         immediately  prior to the applicable  Interest  Payment Date all of the
         Equity  Conditions have been met, (ii) the Company shall have given the
         Holder  notice in  accordance  with the notice  requirements  set forth
         below and (iii) the  Interest  Conversion  Rate is equal to or  exceeds
         $1.95,  subject to  adjustment  for reverse and forward  stock  splits,
         stock dividends,  stock combinations and other similar  transactions of
         the Common Stock that occur after the date of the Purchase Agreement.

                  b) COMPANY'S  ELECTION TO PAY INTEREST IN KIND. Subject to the
         terms and  conditions  herein,  the  decision  whether to pay  interest
         hereunder in shares of Common Stock or cash shall be at the  discretion
         of the Company.  Not less than 20 Trading  Days prior to each  Interest
         Payment Date,  the Company shall provide the Holder with written notice
         of its election to pay interest  hereunder  either in cash or shares of
         Common Stock (the Company may indicate in such notice that the election
         contained  in such  notice  shall  continue  for  later  periods  until
         revised). Within 20 Trading Days prior to an Interest Payment Date, the
         Company's  election  (whether  specific to an Interest  Payment Date or
         continuous)  shall be  irrevocable  as to such  Interest  Payment Date.
         Subject to the  aforementioned  conditions,  failure to timely  provide
         such  written  notice shall be deemed an election by the Company to pay
         the interest on such Interest Payment Date in cash.

                  c) INTEREST CALCULATIONS.  Interest shall be calculated on the
         basis of a  360-day  year and  shall  accrue  daily  commencing  on the
         Original  Issue  Date  until  payment  in  full of the  principal  sum,
         together  with all accrued and unpaid  interest and other amounts which
         may become due hereunder,  has been made. Payment of interest in shares
         of Common Stock shall otherwise occur pursuant to Section  4(d)(ii) and
         only for  purposes of the payment of interest in shares,  the  Interest
         Payment Date shall be deemed the Conversion Date.  Interest shall cease
         to accrue with respect to any principal amount converted, provided that
         the Company in fact  delivers  the  Conversion  Shares  within the time
         period required by Section 4(d)(ii). Interest hereunder will be paid to
         the Person in whose name this Debenture is registered on the records of
         the Company  regarding  registration  and transfers of Debentures  (the
         "DEBENTURE  REGISTER").  Except as otherwise provided herein, if at any
         time the Company  pays  interest  partially  in cash and  partially  in
         shares of Common Stock, then such payment shall be distributed  ratably
         among the Holders based upon the principal amount of Debentures held by
         each Holder.

                  d) LATE FEE.  All overdue  accrued  and unpaid  interest to be
         paid hereunder shall entail a late fee at the rate of 15% per annum (or
         such lower  maximum  amount of interest  permitted to be charged  under
         applicable  law) ("LATE FEES") which will accrue  daily,  from the date
         such  interest  is due  hereunder  through  and  including  the date of


                                       6
<PAGE>


         payment.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if
         on any Interest Payment Date the Company has elected to pay interest in
         Common  Stock and is not able to pay  accrued  interest  in the form of
         Common  Stock  because  it does not then  satisfy  the  conditions  for
         payment  in the form of  Common  Stock set forth  above,  then,  at the
         option of the Holder, the Company,  in lieu of delivering either shares
         of Common  Stock  pursuant  to this  Section 2 or paying the  regularly
         scheduled cash interest  payment,  shall deliver,  within three Trading
         Days of each applicable  Interest Payment Date, an amount in cash equal
         to the  product  of the  number of shares  of  Common  Stock  otherwise
         deliverable  to the Holder in  connection  with the payment of interest
         due on such Interest  Payment Date and the highest Closing Price during
         the period  commencing  on the Interest  Payment Date and ending on the
         Trading Day prior to the date such payment is made.

                  e)   PREPAYMENT.   Except  as  otherwise  set  forth  in  this
         Debenture,  the  Company  may not prepay any  portion of the  principal
         amount of this  Debenture  without  the prior  written  consent  of the
         Holder.

         SECTION 3. REGISTRATION OF TRANSFERS AND EXCHANGES.

                  a) DIFFERENT DENOMINATIONS. This Debenture is exchangeable for
         an  equal  aggregate   principal  amount  of  Debentures  of  different
         authorized  denominations,  as requested by the Holder surrendering the
         same. No service charge will be made for such  registration of transfer
         or exchange.

                  b) INVESTMENT REPRESENTATIONS.  This Debenture has been issued
         subject to certain  investment  representations  of the original Holder
         set forth in the Purchase Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged
         only in compliance with the Purchase  Agreement and applicable  federal
         and state securities laws and regulations.

                  c) RELIANCE ON DEBENTURE REGISTER. Prior to due presentment to
         the Company for transfer of this  Debenture,  the Company and any agent
         of the  Company  may treat the Person in whose name this  Debenture  is
         duly  registered on the Debenture  Register as the owner hereof for the
         purpose  of  receiving  payment  as herein  provided  and for all other
         purposes,  whether or not this  Debenture  is overdue,  and neither the
         Company nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

         SECTION 4. CONVERSION.

                  a) VOLUNTARY CONVERSION.  At any time after the Original Issue
         Date until this  Debenture  is no longer  outstanding,  this  Debenture
         shall be  convertible  into shares of Common Stock at the option of the
         Holder,  in whole or in part at any time and from time to time (subject
         to the limitations on conversion set forth in Section 4(c) hereof). The
         Holder shall effect  conversions  by delivering to the Company the form
         of Notice  of  Conversion  attached  hereto  as ANNEX A (a  "NOTICE  OF
         CONVERSION"),  specifying therein the principal amount of Debentures to
         be converted and the date on which such conversion is to be effected (a
         "CONVERSION  DATE").  If no Conversion Date is specified in


                                       7
<PAGE>


         a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such
         Notice of  Conversion  is  provided  hereunder.  To effect  conversions
         hereunder,  the Holder  shall not be required to  physically  surrender
         Debentures to the Company  unless the entire  principal  amount of this
         Debenture  plus all  accrued  and unpaid  interest  thereon has been so
         converted.  Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the
         outstanding  principal  amount of this  Debenture in an amount equal to
         the  applicable  conversion.  The Holder and the Company shall maintain
         records  showing the  principal  amount  converted and the date of such
         conversions.  The Company  shall deliver any objection to any Notice of
         Conversion  within 1 Business  Day of receipt  of such  notice.  In the
         event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Holder shall be
         controlling and  determinative  in the absence of manifest  error.  The
         Holder and any assignee,  by acceptance of this Debenture,  acknowledge
         and  agree  that,  by  reason  of the  provisions  of  this  paragraph,
         following  conversion  of a portion of this  Debenture,  the unpaid and
         unconverted  principal  amount of this  Debenture  may be less than the
         amount stated on the face hereof.

                  b) CONVERSION  PRICE.  The  conversion  price in effect on any
         Conversion  Date  shall  be  equal  to  $2.00  (subject  to  adjustment
         herein)(the "CONVERSION PRICE").

                  c) CONVERSION LIMITATIONS.

                           i. [INTENTIONALLY DELETED]

                           ii. HOLDER'S  RESTRICTION ON CONVERSION.  The Company
                  shall not effect any  conversion  of this  Debenture,  and the
                  Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this
                  Debenture,  pursuant  to  Section  4(a) or  otherwise,  to the
                  extent that after giving effect to such conversion, the Holder
                  (together with the Holder's  affiliates),  as set forth on the
                  applicable  Notice of Conversion,  would  beneficially  own in
                  excess of 4.99% of the  number of shares of the  Common  Stock
                  outstanding   immediately   after   giving   effect   to  such
                  conversion. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number
                  of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and
                  its  affiliates  shall  include the number of shares of Common
                  Stock issuable upon  conversion of this Debenture with respect
                  to which the determination of such sentence is being made, but
                  shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would
                  be issuable upon (A) conversion of the remaining, nonconverted
                  portion of this Debenture  beneficially owned by the Holder or
                  any of its  affiliates  and (B) exercise or  conversion of the
                  unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of
                  the  Company  (including,   without   limitation,   any  other
                  Debentures  or  the  Warrants)  subject  to  a  limitation  on
                  conversion or exercise  analogous to the limitation  contained
                  herein  beneficially  owned  by  the  Holder  or  any  of  its
                  affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for
                  purposes of this Section 4(c)(ii),  beneficial ownership shall
                  be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
                  Act.  To the  extent  that the  limitation  contained  in this
                  section applies,  the  determination of whether this Debenture
                  is convertible (in relation to other  securities  owned by the
                  Holder)  and  of  which  a  portion  of  this   Debenture   is
                  convertible shall be in the sole discretion of such Holder. To
                  ensure  compliance with this  restriction,


                                       8
<PAGE>


                  the Holder will be deemed to  represent  to the  Company  each
                  time it  delivers a Notice of  Conversion  that such Notice of
                  Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth in this
                  paragraph  and the Company  shall have no obligation to verify
                  or confirm the accuracy of such determination. For purposes of
                  this  Section   4(c)(ii),   in   determining   the  number  of
                  outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the
                  number of  outstanding  shares of Common Stock as reflected in
                  (x) the  Company's  most recent Form 10-Q or Form 10-K, as the
                  case may be,  (y) a more  recent  public  announcement  by the
                  Company  or  (z)  any  other  notice  by  the  Company  or the
                  Company's Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of
                  Common Stock outstanding.  Upon the written or oral request of
                  the Holder,  the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm
                  orally  and in  writing  to the Holder the number of shares of
                  Common  Stock  then  outstanding.  In any case,  the number of
                  outstanding  shares of Common Stock shall be determined  after
                  giving  effect to the  conversion or exercise of securities of
                  the Company,  including this  Debenture,  by the Holder or its
                  affiliates   since  the  date  as  of  which  such  number  of
                  outstanding   shares  of  Common  Stock  was   reported.   The
                  provisions  of this  Section  4(c)(ii)  may be  waived  by the
                  Holder upon,  at the election of the Holder,  not less than 61
                  days' prior notice to the Company,  and the provisions of this
                  Section  4(c)(ii)  shall continue to apply until such 61st day
                  (or such later date, as  determined  by the Holder,  as may be
                  specified in such notice of waiver).

                  d) MECHANICS OF CONVERSION.

                           i.  CONVERSION  SHARES  ISSUABLE  UPON  CONVERSION OF
                  PRINCIPAL  AMOUNT.  The  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock
                  issuable  upon a conversion  hereunder  shall be determined by
                  the  quotient   obtained  by  dividing  (x)  the   outstanding
                  principal  amount of this Debenture to be converted by (y) the
                  Conversion Price.

                           ii.  DELIVERY OF  CERTIFICATE  UPON  CONVERSION.  Not
                  later than three Trading Days after any  Conversion  Date, the
                  Company  will  deliver  to the  Holder  (A) a  certificate  or
                  certificates representing the Conversion Shares which shall be
                  free of restrictive  legends and trading  restrictions  (other
                  than those  required by the Purchase  Agreement)  representing
                  the number of shares of Common Stock being  acquired  upon the
                  conversion of Debentures  (including,  if so timely elected by
                  the Company,  shares of Common Stock  representing the payment
                  of  accrued  interest)  and (B) a bank  check in the amount of
                  accrued and unpaid interest (if the Company is required to pay
                  accrued interest in cash). The Company shall, if available and
                  if allowed  under  applicable  securities  laws,  use its best
                  efforts to deliver any certificate or certificates required to
                  be delivered by the Company under this Section  electronically
                  through   the   Depository   Trust   Corporation   or  another
                  established clearing corporation performing similar functions.

                           iii. FAILURE TO DELIVER CERTIFICATES.  If in the case
                  of any Notice of Conversion  such  certificate or certificates
                  are not delivered to or as directed by the  applicable  Holder
                  by the fifth Trading Day after a Conversion Date, the


                                       9
<PAGE>


                  Holder  shall be entitled by written  notice to the Company at
                  any time on or before the Holder's receipt of such certificate
                  or certificates  thereafter,  to rescind such  conversion,  in
                  which  event  the  Company   shall   immediately   return  the
                  certificates  representing  the principal amount of Debentures
                  tendered for conversion.

                           iv. OBLIGATION ABSOLUTE;  PARTIAL LIQUIDATED DAMAGES.
                  If the  Company  fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder
                  such certificate or certificates  pursuant to Section 4(d)(ii)
                  by the  fifth  Trading  Day  after the  Conversion  Date,  the
                  Company  shall  pay to such  Holder,  in cash,  as  liquidated
                  damages  and not as a penalty,  for each  $2,000 of  principal
                  amount being converted, $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20
                  per Trading Day after 5 Trading Days after such damages  begin
                  to accrue) for each  Trading Day after such fifth  Trading Day
                  until such certificates are delivered; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that
                  the Company  shall not be obligated to pay any per Trading Day
                  liquidated damages with respect to delays directly caused by a
                  Force Majeure;  PROVIDED,  FURTHER, the Company shall use best
                  efforts to remedy or  overcome  such  failures  as promptly as
                  possible.  The Company's  obligations to issue and deliver the
                  Conversion   Shares  upon  conversion  of  this  Debenture  in
                  accordance   with  the   terms   hereof   are   absolute   and
                  unconditional,  irrespective  of any action or inaction by the
                  Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect
                  to any provision hereof,  the recovery of any judgment against
                  any Person or any action to enforce  the same,  or any setoff,
                  counterclaim,  recoupment,  limitation or termination,  or any
                  breach or alleged  breach by the Holder or any other Person of
                  any  obligation  to the  Company or any  violation  or alleged
                  violation  of law by the  Holder  or  any  other  person,  and
                  irrespective of any other  circumstance  which might otherwise
                  limit  such  obligation  of  the  Company  to  the  Holder  in
                  connection  with  the  issuance  of  such  Conversion  Shares;
                  PROVIDED, HOWEVER, such delivery shall not operate as a waiver
                  by the Company of any such action the Company may have against
                  the  Holder.  In the  event a Holder of this  Debenture  shall
                  elect  to  convert  any or all  of the  outstanding  principal
                  amount hereof,  the Company may not refuse conversion based on
                  any claim that the Holder or any one  associated or affiliated
                  with the Holder of has been  engaged in any  violation of law,
                  agreement or for any other reason,  unless, an injunction from
                  a court, on notice, restraining and or enjoining conversion of
                  all or part of this  Debenture  shall  have  been  sought  and
                  obtained  and the Company  posts a surety bond for the benefit
                  of the Holder in the amount of 150% of the principal amount of
                  this   Debenture   outstanding,   which  is   subject  to  the
                  injunction,  which  bond  shall  remain  in  effect  until the
                  completion  of  arbitration/litigation  of the dispute and the
                  proceeds  of which  shall be  payable  to such  Holder  to the
                  extent it obtains  judgment.  In the absence of an  injunction
                  precluding the same, the Company shall issue Conversion Shares
                  or, if applicable,  cash, upon a properly noticed  conversion.
                  Nothing  herein shall limit a Holder's  right to pursue actual
                  damages or declare an Event of Default  pursuant  to Section 8
                  herein for the Company's failure to deliver  Conversion Shares
                  within the period  specified herein and such Holder shall have
                  the right to pursue all remedies  available to it at law or in
                  equity  including,  without  limitation,  a decree of specific


                                       10
<PAGE>


                  performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such
                  rights  shall not prohibit the Holders from seeking to enforce
                  damages   pursuant  to  any  other  Section  hereof  or  under
                  applicable law.

                           v.  COMPENSATION  FOR  BUY-IN  ON  FAILURE  TO TIMELY
                  DELIVER CERTIFICATES UPON CONVERSION. In addition to any other
                  rights  available to the Holder,  if the Company fails for any
                  reason  to  deliver  to  the  Holder   such   certificate   or
                  certificates  pursuant  to  Section  4(d)(ii)  by the  seventh
                  Trading  Day  after the  Conversion  Date,  and if after  such
                  seventh  Trading Day the Holder is  required by its  brokerage
                  firm to purchase (in an open market  transaction or otherwise)
                  Common  Stock to  deliver  in  satisfaction  of a sale by such
                  Holder of the Conversion  Shares which the Holder  anticipated
                  receiving upon such conversion (a "BUY-IN"),  then the Company
                  shall  (A) pay in  cash  to the  Holder  (in  addition  to any
                  remedies  available to or elected by the Holder) the amount by
                  which  (x)  the  Holder's  total  purchase  price   (including
                  brokerage  commissions,  if  any)  for  the  Common  Stock  so
                  purchased  exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number
                  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  that  such  Holder  anticipated
                  receiving from the  conversion at issue  multiplied by (2) the
                  actual sale price of the Common  Stock at the time of the sale
                  (including brokerage commissions,  if any) giving rise to such
                  purchase  obligation  and  (B) at the  option  of the  Holder,
                  either  reissue  Debentures  in principal  amount equal to the
                  principal amount of the attempted conversion or deliver to the
                  Holder  the  number of shares of Common  Stock that would have
                  been issued had the Company timely  complied with its delivery
                  requirements  under  Section  4(d)(ii).  For  example,  if the
                  Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of
                  $11,000  to  cover  a  Buy-In  with  respect  to an  attempted
                  conversion of Debentures with respect to which the actual sale
                  price  of the  Conversion  Shares  at  the  time  of the  sale
                  (including brokerage commissions,  if any) giving rise to such
                  purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of
                  the  immediately  preceding  sentence,  the  Company  shall be
                  required to pay the Holder  $1,000.  The Holder shall  provide
                  the Company  written notice  indicating the amounts payable to
                  the Holder in respect of the Buy-In.  Notwithstanding anything
                  contained  herein to the  contrary,  if a Holder  requires the
                  Company to make payment in respect of a Buy-In for the failure
                  to  timely  deliver  certificates  hereunder  and the  Company
                  timely pays in full such  payment,  the  Company  shall not be
                  required to pay such Holder  liquidated  damages under Section
                  4(d)(iv)  in respect  of the  certificates  resulting  in such
                  Buy-In.

                           vi.  RESERVATION OF SHARES ISSUABLE UPON  CONVERSION.
                  The Company  covenants  that it will at all times  reserve and
                  keep available out of its  authorized  and unissued  shares of
                  Common  Stock   solely  for  the  purpose  of  issuance   upon
                  conversion  of the  Debentures  and payment of interest on the
                  Debenture,  each as  herein  provided,  free  from  preemptive
                  rights  or any  other  actual  contingent  purchase  rights of
                  persons  other than the Holders,  not less than such number of
                  shares of the Common Stock as shall (subject to any additional
                  requirements  of the Company as to  reservation of such shares
                  set forth in the Purchase


                                       11
<PAGE>


                  Agreement)  be issuable  (taking into account the  adjustments
                  and  restrictions  of  Section 5) upon the  conversion  of the
                  outstanding  principal amount of the Debentures and payment of
                  interest  hereunder.  The Company covenants that all shares of
                  Common Stock that shall be so issuable  shall,  upon issue, be
                  duly  and   validly   authorized,   issued  and  fully   paid,
                  nonassessable  and,  if the  Registration  Statement  is  then
                  effective under the Securities Act, registered for public sale
                  in accordance with such Registration Statement.

                           vii. FRACTIONAL SHARES.  Upon a conversion  hereunder
                  the Company shall not be required to issue stock  certificates
                  representing  fractions of shares of the Common Stock, but may
                  if otherwise permitted,  make a cash payment in respect of any
                  final  fraction of a share based on the Closing  Price at such
                  time. If the Company elects not, or is unable,  to make such a
                  cash payment, the Holder shall be entitled to receive, in lieu
                  of the final  fraction  of a share,  one whole share of Common
                  Stock.

                           viii.  TRANSFER  TAXES.  The issuance of certificates
                  for shares of the Common Stock on conversion of the Debentures
                  shall be made  without  charge to the Holders  thereof for any
                  documentary  stamp or  similar  taxes  that may be  payable in
                  respect of the issue or delivery of such certificate, provided
                  that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may
                  be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance
                  and delivery of any such certificate upon conversion in a name
                  other than that of the Holder of such  Debentures so converted
                  and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such
                  certificates  unless or until the person or persons requesting
                  the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount
                  of such tax or shall have  established to the  satisfaction of
                  the Company that such tax has been paid.

                  e) FORCED CONVERSION.  Notwithstanding  anything herein to the
         contrary and subject to the conditions hereunder, if after the 12 month
         anniversary  of the date of the Purchase  Agreement,  the Closing Price
         for each of any 20 consecutive Trading Days ("THRESHOLD PERIOD"), which
         20 consecutive  Trading Day period shall have commenced only after such
         anniversary  date,  exceeds  $3.50 and (ii) the average  daily  trading
         volume for the same period  exceeds  100,000  shares (both (i) and (ii)
         hereof  adjusted  for any stock  splits,  reverse  splits  and the like
         occurring after the Original Issue Date),  then the Company may, within
         two Trading Days of the end of any such period, deliver a notice to the
         Holder  (a  "FORCED  CONVERSION  NOTICE"  and the date  such  notice is
         received by the Holder,  the "FORCED  CONVERSION NOTICE Date") to cause
         the Holder to immediately convert all of the then outstanding principal
         amount of Debentures pursuant to Section 4. The Company may only effect
         a Forced  Conversion  Notice if all of the  Equity  Conditions  are met
         through  the  applicable   Threshold  Period  until  the  date  of  the
         applicable  Forced  Conversion.  Any Forced Conversion shall be applied
         ratably to all Holders based on their  initial  purchases of Debentures
         pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.  Notwithstanding anything herein to
         the  contrary,  in the event  the  Company  issues a Forced  Conversion
         Notice and,  because of any  limitation  on  issuance,  it is unable to
         force


                                       12
<PAGE>


         the Holder to convert all of the  outstanding  principal  amount of the
         Debenture, the Company shall not have the right to issue another Forced
         Conversion  Notice for at least 30 days and at such time all conditions
         hereunder  must again be met,  including the pricing  condition and the
         Equity  Conditions.  In  addition,  notwithstanding  anything  in  this
         Section 4(e) to the contrary,  in the event the Company issues a Forced
         Conversion  Notice and, because of the limitation on issuance set forth
         in Section 4(c)(ii), it is unable to force the Holder to convert all of
         the  outstanding  principal  amount  of the  Debenture,  then:  (i) the
         portion of the unpaid  principal amount of the Debenture that cannot be
         converted  (the "BLOCKED  AMOUNT")  shall remain  outstanding  (and the
         Maturity Date with respect  thereto shall be extended,  if  applicable)
         until such time as the Holder  converts the Blocked  Amount into Common
         Stock in  accordance  with this  Debenture  or the  Company  repays the
         Blocked  Amount or  converts  the Blocked  Amount into Common  Stock in
         accordance  with this  Debenture;  (ii) interest on the Blocked  Amount
         shall cease to accrue from and after the Forced Conversion Notice Date;
         (iii)  the  Holder  shall  continue  to have the right to  convert  the
         Blocked  Amount into Common Stock from and after the Forced  Conversion
         Notice Date in accordance  with the terms of this  Debenture;  and (iv)
         the  Company  shall have the right to convert the  Blocked  Amount,  or
         portion  thereof,  into shares of Common Stock in  accordance  with the
         terms of this  Debenture  upon  written  notice to the Holder the first
         moment after the Forced  Conversion  Notice Date when Section  4(c)(ii)
         would not prevent such conversion, subject to the Equity Conditions.

         SECTION 5. CERTAIN ADJUSTMENTS.

                  a) STOCK  DIVIDENDS AND STOCK SPLITS.  If the Company,  at any
         time  while  the  Debentures  are  outstanding:  (A)  shall pay a stock
         dividend or otherwise make a distribution or distributions on shares of
         its Common  Stock or any other equity or equity  equivalent  securities
         payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall
         not include any shares of Common Stock  issued by the Company  pursuant
         to this  Debenture,  including  as  interest  thereon),  (B)  subdivide
         outstanding  shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (C)
         combine (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of
         Common  Stock  into  a  smaller  number  of  shares,  or (D)  issue  by
         reclassification  of shares of the  Common  Stock any shares of capital
         stock of the Company,  then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by
         a  fraction  of which the  numerator  shall be the  number of shares of
         Common Stock  (excluding  treasury shares,  if any) outstanding  before
         such event and of which the  denominator  shall be the number of shares
         of Common  Stock  outstanding  after such event.  Any  adjustment  made
         pursuant to this Section shall become effective  immediately  after the
         record date for the  determination of stockholders  entitled to receive
         such dividend or distribution  and shall become  effective  immediately
         after the effective date in the case of a  subdivision,  combination or
         re-classification.

                  b) SUBSEQUENT EQUITY SALES. From the Original Issue Date until
         the 18 month anniversary of the date of the Purchase Agreement,  if the
         Company or any Subsidiary  thereof,  as  applicable,  at any time while
         Debentures  are  outstanding,  shall offer,  sell,  grant any option to
         purchase  or offer,  sell or grant any right to reprice  the  Company's


                                       13
<PAGE>


         (but not the Subsidiary's) securities, or otherwise dispose of or issue
         (or announce any offer,  sale, grant or any option to purchase or other
         disposition) any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents entitling any
         Person to acquire  shares of Common  Stock,  at an effective  price per
         share less than the then Conversion  Price (such lower price, the "BASE
         CONVERSION  PRICE"  and  such  issuances   collectively,   a  "DILUTIVE
         ISSUANCE"), as adjusted hereunder (if the holder of the Common Stock or
         Common  Stock  Equivalents  so  issued  shall at any time,  whether  by
         operation of purchase price  adjustments,  reset  provisions,  floating
         conversion,  exercise  or  exchange  prices  or  otherwise,  or  due to
         warrants,  options  or rights per share  which is issued in  connection
         with such issuance,  but excluding adjustments resulting from customary
         price-based  anti-dilution provisions, be entitled to receive shares of
         Common  Stock at an  effective  price per share  which is less than the
         Conversion  Price,  such issuance  shall be deemed to have occurred for
         less than the Conversion  Price),  then the  Conversion  Price shall be
         reduced  by  multiplying  the  Conversion  Price  by  a  fraction,  the
         numerator  of which is the number of shares of Common  Stock issued and
         outstanding  immediately prior to the Dilutive Issuance plus the number
         of shares  of  Common  Stock and  Common  Stock  Equivalents  which the
         aggregate  consideration  received or receivable by the  Corporation in
         connection  with such  Dilutive  Issuance  would  purchase  at the then
         effective  Conversion  Price, and the denominator of which shall be the
         sum of the  number of shares of Common  Stock  issued  and  outstanding
         immediately prior to the Dilutive Issuance plus the number of shares of
         Common  Stock and Common  Stock  Equivalents  so issued or  issuable in
         connection with the Dilutive Issuance;  PROVIDED, HOWEVER, prior to the
         date the Company  obtains  Shareholder  Approval in accordance with the
         rules and  regulations  of the  Trading  Market,  in no event shall the
         Conversion  Price be  adjusted  under  this  Section  5(b) to less than
         $1.95,  subject to  adjustment  for reverse and forward  stock  splits,
         stock dividends,  stock combinations and other similar  transactions of
         the  Common  Stock  that occur  after the date of this  Agreement  (the
         "FLOOR  PRICE").  The Company  shall  notify the Holder in writing,  no
         later than the third  Business Day following the issuance of any Common
         Stock or Common Stock Equivalents  subject to this section,  indicating
         therein the applicable  issuance price,  or of applicable  reset price,
         exchange price,  conversion  price and other pricing terms (such notice
         the "DILUTIVE ISSUANCE NOTICE"). For purposes of clarification, whether
         or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this
         Section 5(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive  Issuance,  after the
         date of such  Dilutive  Issuance  the Holder is  entitled  to receive a
         number  of  Conversion  Shares  based  upon the Base  Conversion  Price
         regardless  of  whether  the  Holder  accurately  refers  to  the  Base
         Conversion Price in the Notice of Conversion.

                  c) PRO RATA  DISTRIBUTIONS.  If the Company, at any time while
         Debentures are  outstanding,  shall distribute to all holders of Common
         Stock (and not to Holders)  evidences of its  indebtedness or assets or
         rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any  security,  then in
         each such case the Conversion  Price shall be determined by multiplying
         such Conversion  Price in effect  immediately  prior to the record date
         fixed for  determination  of  stockholders  entitled  to  receive  such
         distribution by a fraction of which


                                       14
<PAGE>


         the denominator  shall be the Closing Price determined as of the record
         date mentioned  above, and of which the numerator shall be such Closing
         Price on such  record  date  less the then  fair  market  value at such
         record date of the  portion of such assets or evidence of  indebtedness
         so distributed  applicable to one outstanding share of the Common Stock
         as determined  by the Board of Directors in good faith.  In either case
         the  adjustments  shall be  described  in a  statement  provided to the
         Holders  of the  portion  of assets or  evidences  of  indebtedness  so
         distributed  or such  subscription  rights  applicable  to one share of
         Common  Stock.   Such  adjustment  shall  be  made  whenever  any  such
         distribution is made and shall become effective  immediately  after the
         record date mentioned above.

                  d)  FUNDAMENTAL  TRANSACTION.  If,  at  any  time  while  this
         Debenture  is  outstanding,  (A) the  Company  effects  any  merger  or
         consolidation  of the  Company  with or into  another  Person,  (B) the
         Company effects any sale of all or  substantially  all of its assets in
         one or a  series  of  related  transactions,  (C) any  tender  offer or
         exchange offer (whether by the Company or another  Person) is completed
         pursuant to which  holders of Common  Stock are  permitted to tender or
         exchange their shares for other  securities,  cash or property,  or (D)
         the Company  effects any  reclassification  of the Common  Stock or any
         compulsory  share  exchange  pursuant  to  which  the  Common  Stock is
         effectively  converted into or exchanged for other securities,  cash or
         property (in any such case, a "FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION"), then upon any
         subsequent  conversion  of this  Debenture,  the Holder  shall have the
         right to  receive,  for each  Conversion  Share  that  would  have been
         issuable upon such conversion absent such Fundamental Transaction,  the
         same kind and amount of  securities,  cash or property as it would have
         been  entitled  to  receive  upon the  occurrence  of such  Fundamental
         Transaction  if it had  been,  immediately  prior  to such  Fundamental
         Transaction,  the holder of one share of Common  Stock (the  "ALTERNATE
         CONSIDERATION"). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination
         of the  Conversion  Price shall be  appropriately  adjusted to apply to
         such  Alternate   Consideration   based  on  the  amount  of  Alternate
         Consideration  issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such
         Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Conversion
         Price  among  the  Alternate   Consideration  in  a  reasonable  manner
         reflecting  the  relative  value  of any  different  components  of the
         Alternate  Consideration.  If  holders  of  Common  Stock are given any
         choice as to the  securities,  cash or  property  to be  received  in a
         Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice
         as to the Alternate  Consideration  it receives upon any  conversion of
         this Debenture  following such Fundamental  Transaction.  To the extent
         necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions,  any successor to the
         Company or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall issue
         to the Holder a new debenture  consistent with the foregoing provisions
         and  evidencing  the  Holder's  right to convert  such  debenture  into
         Alternate Consideration. The terms of any agreement pursuant to which a
         Fundamental  Transaction is effected shall include terms  requiring any
         such  successor or surviving  entity to comply with the  provisions  of
         this  paragraph  (c) and  insuring  that  this  Debenture  (or any such
         replacement  security)  will be similarly  adjusted upon any subsequent
         transaction analogous to a Fundamental Transaction.


                                       15
<PAGE>



                  e) CALCULATIONS.  All calculations  under this Section 5 shall
         be made to the nearest cent or the nearest  1/100th of a share,  as the
         case may be. The number of shares of Common  Stock  outstanding  at any
         given time shall not  includes  shares of Common Stock owned or held by
         or for the  account of the  Company,  and the  description  of any such
         shares of Common Stock shall be  considered  on issue or sale of Common
         Stock.  For  purposes of this Section 5, the number of shares of Common
         Stock deemed to be issued and  outstanding  as of a given date shall be
         the sum of the  number of shares of Common  Stock  (excluding  treasury
         shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

                  f)  EXEMPT  ISSUANCE.   Notwithstanding   the  foregoing,   no
         adjustment  will be made under  this  Section 5 in respect of an Exempt
         Issuance.

                  g) NOTICE TO HOLDERS.

                           i.  ADJUSTMENT  TO  CONVERSION  PRICE.  Whenever  the
                  Conversion  Price is adjusted  pursuant to any of this Section
                  5, the  Company  shall  promptly  mail to each Holder a notice
                  setting forth the Conversion  Price after such  adjustment and
                  setting forth a brief  statement of the facts  requiring  such
                  adjustment.

                           ii. NOTICE TO ALLOW CONVERSION BY HOLDER.  If (A) the
                  Company shall  declare a dividend (or any other  distribution)
                  on the Common  Stock;  (B) the Company shall declare a special
                  nonrecurring  cash  dividend on or a redemption  of the Common
                  Stock;  (C) the Company  shall  authorize  the granting to all
                  holders of the Common  Stock  rights or warrants to  subscribe
                  for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of
                  any  rights;  (D)  the  approval  of any  stockholders  of the
                  Company   shall   be   required   in   connection   with   any
                  reclassification  of the Common Stock,  any  consolidation  or
                  merger to which the  Company is a party,  any sale or transfer
                  of all or substantially  all of the assets of the Company,  of
                  any  compulsory  share  exchange  whereby the Common  Stock is
                  converted  into other  securities,  cash or property;  (E) the
                  Company  shall   authorize   the   voluntary  or   involuntary
                  dissolution,  liquidation  or winding up of the affairs of the
                  Company;  then,  in each case,  the Company  shall cause to be
                  filed at each office or agency  maintained  for the purpose of
                  conversion of the Debentures,  and shall cause to be mailed to
                  the Holders at their last  addresses as they shall appear upon
                  the stock  books of the  Company,  at least 20  calendar  days
                  prior to the applicable  record or effective date  hereinafter
                  specified,  a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is
                  to be taken for the  purpose of such  dividend,  distribution,
                  redemption,  rights or  warrants,  or if a record is not to be
                  taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of
                  record  to  be  entitled  to  such  dividend,   distributions,
                  redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the
                  date on which such  reclassification,  consolidation,  merger,
                  sale,  transfer  or  share  exchange  is  expected  to  become
                  effective  or close,  and the date as of which it is  expected
                  that  holders of the Common  Stock of record shall be entitled
                  to exchange  their shares of the Common Stock for  securities,
                  cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
                  consolidation,  merger,  sale,  transfer  or  share  exchange;
                  PROVIDED,


                                       16
<PAGE>


                  that the failure to mail such notice or any defect  therein or
                  in the mailing  thereof  shall not affect the  validity of the
                  corporate  action  required to be  specified  in such  notice.
                  Holders are entitled to convert  Debentures  during the 20-day
                  period  commencing  the date of such  notice to the  effective
                  date of the event triggering such notice.

         SECTION 6. RESERVED.

         SECTION 7. NEGATIVE COVENANTS. So long as any portion of this Debenture
is outstanding, the Company will not, directly or indirectly:

                  a) amend its  certificate  of  incorporation,  bylaws or other
         charter documents so as to adversely affect any rights of the Holder;

                  b) except as  permitted  by Holders of a majority in principal
         amount of all of the Debentures then outstanding,  repay, repurchase or
         offer to repay,  repurchase or otherwise acquire more than a DE MINIMIS
         number of shares of its Common Stock or other equity  securities  other
         than as to the  Conversion  Shares to the extent  permitted or required
         under  the  Transaction  Documents  or as  otherwise  permitted  by the
         Transaction Documents; or

                  c)  enter  into  any  agreement  with  respect  to  any of the
         foregoing.

         SECTION 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT.

                  a) "EVENT OF DEFAULT",  wherever used herein, means any one of
         the  following  events  (whatever  the reason  and  whether it shall be
         voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to
         any  judgment,  decree or order of any  court,  or any  order,  rule or
         regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

                           i. any  default in the  payment of (A) the  principal
                  amount of any Debenture, or (B) interest (including Late Fees)
                  on, or  liquidated  damages in respect of, any  Debenture,  in
                  each case free of any claim of subordination,  as and when the
                  same shall  become due and payable  (whether  on a  Conversion
                  Date or the Maturity  Date or by  acceleration  or  otherwise)
                  which  default,  solely in the case of an interest  payment or
                  other default under clause (B) above, is not cured,  within 10
                  calendar  days after notice of such default sent by the Holder
                  or by any other Holder;

                           ii. the Company shall  materially  fail to observe or
                  perform any other  covenant  or  agreement  contained  in this
                  Debenture (other than a breach addressed separately under this
                  Section  8(a) as an Event of  Default)  which  failure  is not
                  cured,  if  possible to cure,  within 25  calendar  days after
                  notice  of such  default  sent by the  Holder  or by any other
                  Holder;


                                       17
<PAGE>


                           iii. any  representation  or warranty made herein, in
                  any other  Transaction  Documents,  in any  written  statement
                  pursuant hereto or thereto, or in any other report,  financial
                  statement  or  certificate  made or delivered to the Holder or
                  any other holder of Debentures shall be untrue or incorrect in
                  any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made;

                           iv.  (i)  the  Company  or any  of  its  Subsidiaries
                  incorporated   or  organized   outside  of  Mexico  (each,   a
                  "NON-MEXICO  SUBSIDIARY")  shall  commence,  or there shall be
                  commenced   against  the   Company  or  any  such   Non-Mexico
                  Subsidiary,   a  case  under  any  applicable   bankruptcy  or
                  insolvency laws as now or hereafter in effect or any successor
                  thereto, or the Company or any Non-Mexico Subsidiary commences
                  any other  proceeding under any  reorganization,  arrangement,
                  adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency
                  or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction  whether now
                  or  hereafter  in  effect  relating  to  the  Company  or  any
                  Non-Mexico  Subsidiary  thereof  or (ii)  there  is  commenced
                  against the Company or any Non-Mexico  Subsidiary  thereof any
                  such bankruptcy,  insolvency or other proceeding which remains
                  undismissed  for a period of 60 days;  or (iii) the Company or
                  any Non-Mexico Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated by a court of
                  competent  jurisdiction insolvent or bankrupt; or any order of
                  relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is
                  entered;  or (iv) the  Company  or any  Non-Mexico  Subsidiary
                  thereof  suffers any  appointment of any custodian or the like
                  for it or any substantial part of its property which continues
                  undischarged  or unstayed for a period of 60 days;  or (v) the
                  Company or any Non-Mexico  Subsidiary  thereof makes a general
                  assignment  for the benefit of creditors;  or (vi) the Company
                  shall fail to pay, or shall state that it is unable to pay, or
                  shall be unable to pay,  its debts  generally  as they  become
                  due; or (vii) the Company or any Non-Mexico Subsidiary thereof
                  shall call a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging
                  a composition,  adjustment or  restructuring  of its debts; or
                  (viii) the Company or any Non-Mexico  Subsidiary thereof shall
                  by any act or failure to act  expressly  indicate  its consent
                  to, approval of or  acquiescence  in any of the foregoing;  or
                  (ix) any  corporate or other action is taken by the Company or
                  any Non-Mexico Subsidiary thereof for the purpose of effecting
                  any of the foregoing;

                           v. the  Company or any  Non-Mexico  Subsidiary  shall
                  default in any of its obligations  under any mortgage,  credit
                  agreement or other facility,  indenture  agreement,  factoring
                  agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued,
                  or by which there may be secured or evidenced any indebtedness
                  for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or
                  factoring  arrangement  of the Company in an amount  exceeding
                  $3,000,000,  whether  such  indebtedness  now  exists or shall
                  hereafter  be created and such  default  shall  result in such
                  indebtedness  becoming or being declared due and payable prior
                  to the  date  on  which  it  would  otherwise  become  due and
                  payable;


                                       18
<PAGE>


                           vi.  the  Common  Stock  shall  not be  eligible  for
                  quotation  on or quoted for  trading  on a Trading  Market and
                  shall  not again be  eligible  for and  quoted  or listed  for
                  trading thereon within five Trading Days;

                           vii.  the  Company  shall be a party to any Change of
                  Control  Transaction  or shall agree to sell or dispose of all
                  or in excess of 45% of its assets in one or more  transactions
                  (whether or not such sale would constitute a Change of Control
                  Transaction)  or shall  redeem  or  repurchase  more than a de
                  minimis  number of its  outstanding  shares of Common Stock or
                  other  equity  securities  of the  Company  (other than to the
                  extent  approved by Holders of a majority in principal  amount
                  of all of the  Debentures  then  outstanding,  and other  than
                  redemptions of Conversion  Shares and repurchases of shares of
                  Common Stock or other equity securities of departing  officers
                  and directors of the Company;  provided such repurchases shall
                  not exceed  $250,000,  in the aggregate,  for all officers and
                  directors during the term of this Debenture);

                           viii. a  Registration  Statement  shall not have been
                  declared  effective by the Commission on or prior to the 210th
                  calendar day after the Closing Date;

                           ix. if, during the  Effectiveness  Period (as defined
                  in the Registration  Rights  Agreement),  the effectiveness of
                  the Registration Statement lapses for any reason or the Holder
                  shall not be permitted to resell  Registrable  Securities  (as
                  defined  in  the  Registration  Rights  Agreement)  under  the
                  Registration  Statement,  in  either  case,  for more  than 20
                  consecutive  Trading Days or 25  non-consecutive  Trading Days
                  during any 12 month  period;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that in the
                  event that the Company is negotiating a merger, consolidation,
                  acquisition or sale of all or substantially  all of its assets
                  or a similar transaction and in the written opinion of counsel
                  to the Company, the Registration Statement,  would be required
                  to  be  amended  to  include   information   concerning   such
                  transactions  or the parties  thereto that is not available or
                  may not be publicly  disclosed at the time,  the Company shall
                  be permitted an additional 10 consecutive  Trading Days during
                  any 12 month period relating to such an event; and

                           x. the  Company  shall fail for any reason to deliver
                  certificates  to a Holder prior to the tenth Trading Day after
                  a Conversion  Date pursuant to and in accordance  with Section
                  4(d)  or the  Company  shall  provide  notice  to the  Holder,
                  including by way of public  announcement,  at any time, of its
                  intention not to comply with requests for  conversions  of any
                  Debentures in accordance with the terms hereof.

                  b)  REMEDIES  UPON EVENT OF  DEFAULT.  If any Event of Default
         occurs,  the full  principal  amount of this  Debenture,  together with
         interest and other  amounts  owing in respect  thereof,  to the date of
         acceleration  shall become, at the Holder's  election  delivered at any
         time  within  30  days of  written  notice  by the  Company  or  public
         disclosure  by the  Company  of the  occurrence  of  such an  Event  of
         Default, immediately


                                       19
<PAGE>


         due and payable in cash. The aggregate  amount payable upon an Event of
         Default shall be equal to the Mandatory Prepayment Amount. Commencing 5
         days after the  occurrence  of any Event of Default that results in the
         eventual  acceleration  of this  Debenture,  the interest  rate on this
         Debenture  shall  accrue at the rate of 15% per  annum,  or such  lower
         maximum  amount of interest  permitted to be charged  under  applicable
         law. All  Debentures  for which the full  Mandatory  Prepayment  Amount
         hereunder shall have been made in accordance herewith shall promptly be
         surrendered  to or as  directed  by the  Company.  The Holder  need not
         provide and the Company hereby waives any presentment,  demand, protest
         or other notice of any kind, and the Holder may immediately and without
         expiration  of any grace  period  enforce any and all of its rights and
         remedies  hereunder  and  all  other  remedies  available  to it  under
         applicable  law.  Such  declaration  may be  rescinded  and annulled by
         Holder at any time prior to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have
         all rights as a Debenture  holder until such time,  if any, as the full
         payment  under this  Section  shall have been  received  by it. No such
         rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or
         impair any right consequent thereon.

         SECTION 9. MISCELLANEOUS.

                  a)  NOTICES.  Any and all notices or other  communications  or
         deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder,  including, without
         limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered
         personally,  by facsimile,  sent by a nationally  recognized  overnight
         courier  service,  addressed to the  Company,  at the address set forth
         above,  facsimile number (323) 881-0332,  ATTN: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
         or such other  address or  facsimile  number as the Company may specify
         for such purposes by notice to the Holders delivered in accordance with
         this Section. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
         to be  provided  by the  Company  hereunder  shall  be in  writing  and
         delivered  personally,  by facsimile,  sent by a nationally  recognized
         overnight  courier  service  addressed to each Holder at the  facsimile
         telephone  number or address of such Holder  appearing  on the books of
         the  Company,  or if no such  facsimile  telephone  number  or  address
         appears,  at the principal place of business of the Holder.  Any notice
         or other  communication  or deliveries  hereunder shall be deemed given
         and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission,  if such
         notice or  communication  is delivered  via  facsimile at the facsimile
         telephone number specified in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York
         City  time),  (ii) the date  after  the date of  transmission,  if such
         notice or  communication  is delivered  via  facsimile at the facsimile
         telephone  number  specified in this Section  later than 5:30 p.m. (New
         York City time) on any date and earlier than 11:59 p.m.  (New York City
         time) on such date, (iii) the second Business Day following the date of
         mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service, or
         (iv) upon  actual  receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
         to be given.

                  b) ABSOLUTE  OBLIGATION.  Except as expressly provided herein,
         no provision of this Debenture  shall alter or impair the obligation of
         the Company, which is absolute and unconditional,  to pay the principal
         of, interest and liquidated  damages (if any) on, this Debenture at the
         time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency,  herein prescribed.


                                       20
<PAGE>


         This  Debenture  is a  direct  debt  obligation  of the  Company.  This
         Debenture  ranks PARI PASSU with all other  Debentures now or hereafter
         issued under the terms set forth herein.

                  c) LOST OR MUTILATED  DEBENTURE.  If this  Debenture  shall be
         mutilated,  lost,  stolen or  destroyed,  the Company shall execute and
         deliver,  in exchange and substitution  for and upon  cancellation of a
         mutilated  Debenture,  or in  lieu  of or in  substitution  for a lost,
         stolen or destroyed Debenture, a new Debenture for the principal amount
         of this Debenture so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed but only upon
         receipt  of  evidence  of  such  loss,  theft  or  destruction  of such
         Debenture,  and of the ownership hereof,  and indemnity,  if requested,
         all reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

                  d) GOVERNING LAW. All questions  concerning the  construction,
         validity,  enforcement  and  interpretation  of this Debenture shall be
         governed by and construed and enforced in accordance  with the internal
         laws of the State of New York,  without  regard  to the  principles  of
         conflicts of law thereof.  Each party agrees that all legal proceedings
         concerning  the   interpretations,   enforcement  and  defense  of  the
         transactions  contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether
         brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors,
         officers, shareholders,  employees or agents) shall be commenced in the
         state and federal  courts  sitting in the City of New York,  Borough of
         Manhattan (the "NEW YORK COURTS"). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably
         submits to the  exclusive  jurisdiction  of the New York Courts for the
         adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with
         any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with
         respect to the  enforcement of any of the Transaction  Documents),  and
         hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action
         or  proceeding,  any claim  that it is not  personally  subject  to the
         jurisdiction of any such court, or such New York Courts are improper or
         inconvenient  venue for such proceeding.  Each party hereby irrevocably
         waives personal service of process and consents to process being served
         in any such suit,  action or  proceeding  by mailing a copy thereof via
         registered or certified  mail or overnight  delivery  (with evidence of
         delivery)  to such party at the  address  in effect  for  notices to it
         under this Debenture and agrees that such service shall constitute good
         and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
         herein  shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve  process
         in any manner  permitted by law. Each party hereto  hereby  irrevocably
         waives,  to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all
         right  to  trial  by jury in any  legal  proceeding  arising  out of or
         relating to this Debenture or the transactions  contemplated hereby. If
         either  party  shall  commence an action or  proceeding  to enforce any
         provisions of this Debenture,  then the prevailing party in such action
         or proceeding  shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys
         fees and other  costs and  expenses  incurred  with the  investigation,
         preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

                  e) WAIVER. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder of a breach
         of any provision of this Debenture shall not operate as or be construed
         to be a waiver of any other  breach of such  provision or of any breach
         of any other provision of this Debenture. The failure of the Company or
         the  Holder  to  insist  upon  strict  adherence  to any  term  of this
         Debenture on one or more occasions  shall not be considered a waiver or
         deprive  that


                                       21
<PAGE>


         party of the right  thereafter to insist upon strict  adherence to that
         term or any  other  term  of  this  Debenture.  Any  waiver  must be in
         writing.

                  f)  SEVERABILITY.  If  any  provision  of  this  Debenture  is
         invalid, illegal or unenforceable,  the balance of this Debenture shall
         remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any person or
         circumstance,  it shall  nevertheless  remain  applicable  to all other
         persons and  circumstances.  If it shall be found that any  interest or
         other amount deemed  interest due hereunder  violates  applicable  laws
         governing  usury,  the applicable  rate of interest due hereunder shall
         automatically  be  lowered  to  equal  the  maximum  permitted  rate of
         interest.  The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do
         so) that it shall not at any time insist upon,  plead, or in any manner
         whatsoever  claim  or take the  benefit  or  advantage  of,  any  stay,
         extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the
         Company from paying all or any portion of the  principal of or interest
         on this Debenture as contemplated  herein,  wherever enacted, now or at
         any time  hereafter in force,  or which may affect the covenants or the
         performance  of this  indenture,  and the Company (to the extent it may
         lawfully do so) hereby  expressly  waives all  benefits or advantage of
         any such law,  and  covenants  that it will not,  by resort to any such
         law, hinder, delay or impeded the execution of any power herein granted
         to the Holder,  but will suffer and permit the  execution of every such
         as though no such law has been enacted.

                  g) NEXT BUSINESS DAY. Whenever any payment or other obligation
         hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment
         shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

                  h) HEADINGS. The headings contained herein are for convenience
         only,  do not  constitute  a part of this  Debenture  and  shall not be
         deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

                  i)  SECURITY  INTEREST.   This  Debenture  is  a  direct  debt
         obligation  of the Company and,  pursuant to the Security  Agreement is
         secured by the collateral  identified in the Security Agreement for the
         benefit of the Holders.


                              *********************


                                       22
<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the Company has caused this  Debenture to be duly
executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated.


                                  TARRANT APPAREL GROUP


                                  By:__________________________________________
                                       Name:  Corazon Reyes
                                       Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                       23
<PAGE>


                                     ANNEX A

                              NOTICE OF CONVERSION


         The undersigned hereby elects to convert principal under the 6% Secured
Convertible  Debenture of Tarrant Apparel Group, a California  corporation  (the
"COMPANY"),  due on December __, 2007, into shares of common stock, no par value
per share (the  "COMMON  STOCK"),  of the Company  according  to the  conditions
hereof,  as of the date written below. If shares are to be issued in the name of
a person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes
payable with respect thereto and is delivering  herewith such  certificates  and
opinions as reasonably requested by the Company in accordance therewith.  No fee
will be  charged  to the holder  for any  conversion,  except for such  transfer
taxes, if any.

         By the delivery of this Notice of Conversion the undersigned represents
and  warrants to the Company  that its  ownership  of the Common  Stock does not
exceed the amounts  determined in accordance  with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act, specified under Section 4 of this Debenture.

         The  undersigned   agrees  to  comply  with  the  prospectus   delivery
requirements  under  the  applicable  securities  laws in  connection  with  any
transfer of the aforesaid shares of Common Stock.

Conversion calculations:
                               Date to Effect Conversion:

                               Principal Amount of Debentures to be Converted:

                               Payment of Interest in Common Stock __ yes  __ no
                                        If yes,  $_____ of Interest  Accrued on
                                        Account of  Conversion at Issue.

                               Number of shares of Common  Stock to
                               be issued:


                               Signature:

                               Name:

                               Address:


                                       24
<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE 1

                               CONVERSION SCHEDULE

The 6% Secured Convertible Debentures due on December __, 2007, in the aggregate
principal amount of $____________  issued by Tarrant Apparel Group, a California
corporation.  This Conversion Schedule reflects conversions made under Section 4
of the above referenced Debenture.

                                     Dated:


                                              Aggregate
                                           Principal Amount
                                              Remaining
                                            Subsequent to
 Date of Conversion                          Conversion
(or for first entry,       Amount of        (or original
Original Issue Date)      Conversion       Principal Amount)      Company Attest
- --------------------      ----------       -----------------      --------------


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                       25

