
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1
                                                                    ------------



                              LETTER OF ENGAGEMENT
                              GLOBAL MATRECHS, INC.
                                DECEMBER 16, 2004



The following sets forth the agreement for the engagement of Trilogy Capital
Partners, Inc. ("Trilogy") by Global Matrechs, Inc. ("GMTH" or the "Company"):

TERM                      Twelve months, commencing as of the date set forth
                          above (the "Initial Term"), and terminable thereafter
                          by either party upon 30 days' prior written notice.

OBJECTIVE                 The development and implementation of a marketing
                          program to increase the awareness of GMTH and assist
                          GMTH in business development.

LIMITATIONS               Trilogy understands that during any period in which
                          the Company is in "registration" for a public offering
                          of securities under the Securities Act of 1933, and
                          during the distribution of such securities, the
                          Company's investor relations and marketing efforts
                          will be severely limited. However, it will be the
                          responsibility of the Company (with the advice of its
                          securities counsel) to determine what investor
                          relations and financial marketing efforts are
                          permissible and non-permissible during such periods,
                          and Trilogy will follow the direction of the Company
                          and its securities counsel.

RESPONSIBILITIES          In addition to marketing and public relations, Trilogy
                          will assume the responsibilities of an in-house
                          Investor Relations Officer for GMTH on a full turnkey
                          basis, including the generation of corporate and
                          shareholder communications, retail and institutional
                          investor contact and media. Trilogy will work in
                          conjunction with the Company's management, securities
                          counsel, investment bankers and auditors and under
                          supervision of management. Trilogy will assist the
                          Company with the following:

<PAGE>

                              o   Campaign Development and Execution
                              o   Press Announcements: drafting, approval and
                                  distribution
                              o   Database Development and Management
                              o   Image Analysis:  recommendations and
                                  implementation
                              o   Messaging:  institutional and retail
                              o   Online presentations: drafting and production
                                  responsibilities
                              o   Website Overhaul
                              o   Media including Interactives and PowerPoints
                              o   Public Relations
                                  Conferences

                          Trilogy will not publish or publicly release any press
                          release or other document ("IR Documents") regarding
                          the Company which has not been approved in writing by
                          the Company. The Company assumes responsibility for
                          the accuracy and completeness of all IR Documents and
                          the compliance of such Documents with applicable laws,
                          rules and regulations. The Company agrees that Trilogy
                          has no obligation or duty to verify the accuracy or
                          completeness of the IR Documents.

                          Each month Trilogy will provide to the Company a
                          summary of its activities under this Agreement for the
                          prior month.

FEES                      $10,000 per month, with first payment due on
                          execution. Wiring information is set forth below.

EQUITY COMPENSATION       GMTH has concurrently herewith issued to Trilogy an
                          aggregate of 5,750,000 Warrants. Marketing Budget To
                          support the financial marketing program, GMTH
                          acknowledges that it will incur certain third party
                          marketing costs. Trilogy will not incur these costs
                          without the prior written approval of the Company,
                          which approval may be pursuant to a budget. At
                          Trilogy's request, the Company will pay these costs
                          directly to the third party.

INDEMNIFICATION           The Company agrees to provide the indemnification set
                          forth in "Exhibit A" attached hereto.

CORPORATE                 Obligations The obligations of Trilogy are solely
                          corporate obligations, and no officer, director,
                          employee, agent, shareholder or controlling person of
                          Trilogy shall be subject to any personal liability
                          whatsoever to any person, nor will any such claim be
                          asserted by or on behalf of any other party to this
                          Agreement.

                                       -2-
<PAGE>

ADDITIONAL SERVICES       If Trilogy is called upon to render services directly
                          or indirectly relating to the subject matter of this
                          Agreement, beyond the services contemplated above
                          (including, but not limited to, production of
                          documents, answering interrogatories, giving
                          depositions, giving expert or other testimony, whether
                          by agreement, subpoena or otherwise), the Company
                          shall pay to Trilogy a reasonable hourly rates (not to
                          exceed $200 per hour) for the persons involved for the
                          time expended in rendering such services, including,
                          but not limited to, time for meetings, conferences,
                          preparation and travel, and all related costs and
                          expenses and the reasonable legal fees and expenses of
                          Trilogy's counsel.

SURVIVAL OF CERTAIN       The Sections entitled "Indemnification" (including
PROVISIONS                "Exhibit A"), "Corporate Obligations" and "Additional
                          Services" shall survive any termination of this
                          Agreement and Trilogy's engagement pursuant to this
                          Agreement. In addition, such termination shall not
                          terminate Trilogy's right to compensation accrued
                          through the date of termination and for reimbursement
                          of expenses. Any purported termination of this
                          Agreement by the Company prior to the end of the
                          Initial Term, or any termination by Trilogy as a
                          result of non-payment or other material breach by the
                          Company, shall not terminate Trilogy's right to the
                          monthly fee through the entire Initial Term or the
                          vesting of the Warrants (as Trilogy's time and
                          commitment are expected to be greater in the first
                          part of its engagement).

SERVICES/COSTS            The compensation paid to Trilogy under this Agreement
                          will cover all costs for Trilogy personnel. Travel and
                          entertainment costs for Trilogy personnel, in addition
                          to certain third-party costs, will be borne by the
                          Company. Trilogy will provide reasonable documentation
                          to support reimbursement claims. Trilogy will not
                          incur any particular reimbursable cost of $250 or more
                          without the written approval from the Company.

                  [remainder of page intentionally left blank]





                                       -3-
<PAGE>




ATTORNEYS' FEES            If any action or proceeding is brought to enforce or
                          interpret any provision of this Agreement, the
                          prevailing party shall be entitled to recover as an
                          element of its costs, and not its damages, reasonable
                          attorneys' fees to be fixed by the court.

GOVERNING LAW             California, without giving effect to the principles of
                          conflicts of law thereof.





Agreed and Accepted:

Global Matrechs, Inc.                            Trilogy Capital Partners, Inc.


By  /s/ Michael Sheppard                         By  /s/ A.J. Cervantes
    -------------------------                        ---------------------------
    Michael Sheppard, CEO & President                A.J. Cervantes, President




Wiring:

Trilogy Capital Partners, Inc.
Signature Bank New York
Private Client Group
New York, NY 10016
Account: 1500375287
ABA: 026013576


                                       -4-
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A

                           Indemnification Provisions

Global Matrechs, Inc., (the "Company"), unconditionally, absolutely and
irrevocably agrees to and shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Trilogy
Capital Partners, Inc. ("Trilogy") and its past, present and future directors,
officers, affiliates, counsel, shareholders, employees, agents, representatives,
contractors, successors and assigns (Trilogy and such persons are collectively
referred to as the "Indemnified Persons") from and against any and all losses,
claims, costs, expenses, liabilities and damages (or actions in respect thereof)
arising out of or related to this Agreement, and any actions taken or omitted to
be taken by an Indemnified Party in connection with this Agreement ("Indemnified
Claim"). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such indemnification
shall cover losses, claims, costs, expenses, liabilities and damages imposed on
or incurred by the Indemnified Persons, directly or indirectly, relating to,
resulting from, or arising out of any misstatement of fact or omission of fact,
or any inaccuracy in any information provided or approved by the Company in
connection with the engagement, including information in any SEC filing, press
release, website, marketing material or other document, whether or not the
Indemnified Persons relied thereon or had knowledge thereof. In addition, the
Company agrees to reimburse the Indemnified Persons for legal or other expenses
reasonably incurred by them in respect of each Indemnified Claim at the time
such expenses are incurred. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not
be obligated under the foregoing for any loss, claim, liability or damage which
is finally determined to have resulted primarily from the willful misconduct,
bad faith or gross negligence of the Indemnified Person.

If any proceeding shall be brought or asserted under these provisions against an
Indemnified Person in respect of which indemnity may be sought under these
provisions from the Company, the Indemnified Person shall give prompt written
notice of such proceeding to the Company who shall assume the defense thereof,
including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified
Person (or if more than one, Trilogy), and the payment of all reasonable
expenses; provided that any delay or failure to notify the Company shall relieve
the Company of its obligations hereunder only to the extent, if at all, that it
is materially prejudiced by reason of such delay or failure. In no event shall
any Indemnified Person be required to make any expenditure or bring any cause of
action to enforce the Company's obligations and liability under and pursuant to
the indemnifications set forth in these provisions. The Indemnified Person shall
have the right to employ separate counsel in any of the foregoing proceedings
and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such
counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnified Person unless: (i) the
Company has agreed to pay such fees and expenses; or (ii) the Indemnified Person
shall in good faith, with the advice of counsel, determine that there exists an
actual or potential conflict of interest which make representation by the same
counsel inappropriate and the Company refuses to provide separate counsel. In
the event that the Company, within ten business days after notice of any such
proceeding, fails to assume the defense thereof, the Indemnified Person shall
have the right to undertake the defense of such proceeding, for the account of
the Company, subject to the right of the Company to assume the defense of such
proceeding with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person at any
time prior to the settlement, compromise or final determination thereof by
reimbursing the Indemnified Person for all fees and costs incurred to date.
Anything in these provisions to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company shall
not, without the prior written consent of Trilogy (if

<PAGE>

Trilogy is an Indemnified Person) or the Indemnified Person if Trilogy is not an
Indemnified Person, settle or compromise any proceeding or consent to the entry
of any judgment with respect to any proceeding; provided, however, that the
Company may, without the Indemnified Person's prior written consent, settle or
compromise any such proceeding or consent to entry of any judgment with respect
to any such proceeding that requires solely the payment of money damages by the
Indemnified Person and that includes as an unconditional term thereof, the
release by the claimant or the plaintiff of the Indemnified Person from all
liability in respect of such proceeding. Anything in these provisions to the
contrary notwithstanding, provided that the Company has assumed the defense of
the proceeding, no Indemnified Person shall, without the prior written consent
of the Company, settle or compromise such proceeding or consent to the entry of
any judgment with respect to such proceeding; provided, however that any
Indemnified Person may settle or compromise any such proceeding or consent to
entry of any judgment with respect to any such proceeding if the Indemnified
Person waives all claims for indemnification arising out of or in connection
with such proceeding or the facts and circumstances underlying the proceeding
and releases the Company from all liability to the Indemnified Person in
connection therewith.


