
<PAGE>

                                UNITED STATES
                     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                           WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549


                                  FORM 8-K

                               CURRENT REPORT
   PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):  December 27, 2004


                   THE JONES FINANCIAL COMPANIES, L.L.L.P.
           (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

            MISSOURI                   0-16633                 43-1450818
(State or other jurisdiction   (Commission File Number)      (IRS Employer
      of incorporation)                                   Identification No.)

            12555 Manchester Road, St. Louis, Missouri 63131-3729
            (Address of principal executive offices)   (Zip Code)

                               (314) 515-2000
            (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

                               NOT APPLICABLE
        (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of
the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
    (17 CFR 230.425)

[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act
    (12 CFR 240.14a-12)

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
    Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
    Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


ITEM 5.02.  DEPARTURE OF DIRECTORS OR PRINCIPAL OFFICERS; ELECTION OF
DIRECTORS; APPOINTMENT OF PRINCIPAL OFFICERS.

         (B)  DEPARTURE OF PRINCIPAL OFFICERS

         DARRYL POPE. Darryl Pope, a general partner of the registrant and a
member of registrant's Executive Committee, will retire on December 31,
2004, as a result of reaching age 65, the mandatory retirement age under
registrant's organizational documents. Mr. Pope's responsibilities include
management of the services division of Edward Jones. Mr. Pope will be a
subordinated limited partner of the registrant.

         MICHAEL HOLMES. Michael Holmes, a general partner of the registrant
and a member of registrant's Executive Committee, has informed registrant
that he will retire on December 31, 2004, to pursue his interests in
providing consulting services to not-for-profit institutions. Mr. Holmes'
responsibilities include management of human resources for Edward Jones. Mr.
Holmes will be a subordinated limited partner of the registrant.

         DOUGLAS HILL. In connection with the Deferred Consideration
Agreement described in Item 8.01 hereof, Douglas Hill has agreed to
voluntarily retire as the Managing General Partner of registrant and
President of EDJ Holding Company, Inc., the general partner of Edward Jones,
on December 31, 2005. Mr. Hill plans to remain a partner of the registrant
after December 31, 2005. Further, Mr. Hill has agreed through his
allocations of partnership income and expense to absorb a disproportionate
share of the funds required to be paid by Edward Jones pursuant to the SEC
administrative order, the NASD Letter of Acceptance, Waiver and Consent, the
NYSE Stipulation of Facts and Consent to Penalty, and the Deferred
Consideration Agreement, all as described in Item 8.01 hereof, to the extent
of approximately three million additional dollars ($3,000,000).

ITEM 8.01.  OTHER EVENTS

         REGULATORY ISSUES

         On December 22, 2004, the registrant's principal operating
subsidiary, Edward D. Jones & Co., L.P. ("Edward Jones"), reached final
settlements with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), NASD
and the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") related to allegations that Edward
Jones failed to adequately disclose revenue sharing payments that it
received from a group of mutual fund families and 529 savings plans that
Edward Jones recommended to its customers. In addition to the revenue
sharing allegations, the settlements with the NASD and NYSE also address
allegations that Edward Jones violated various rules related to the sale of
mutual funds based on the receipt of brokerage commissions, rules for
communications with the public, just and equitable principles of trade,
principles of good business practice, unlawful sales contests, the
obligation to retain records, and the failure to establish and maintain
appropriate procedures for supervision and control of business activities


involving the late trading of mutual funds and 529 savings plans. The final
settlements were entered into pursuant to an offer of settlement signed by
Edward Jones on December 20, 2004.

         Pursuant to the settlement orders for each of the SEC, NASD and
NYSE, Edward Jones consented, without admitting or denying the underlying
findings, to findings that it willfully violated Section 17(a)(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act"), Section 15B(c)(1) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"), Exchange Act Rule 10b-10
and Rule G-15 of the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board ("MSRB").
Pursuant to its Letter of Acceptance, Waiver and Consent with the NASD,
Edward Jones also consented, without admitting or denying the underlying
allegations or findings, to findings that it willfully violated Section
17(a) and Rule 17a-4 of the Exchange Act, NASD Rules 2110, 2210, 2820(g),
2830(l), 2830(k) 3010 and 3110. Similarly, pursuant to a Stipulation of
Facts and Consent to Penalty with the NYSE, Edward Jones also consented,
without admitting or denying guilt, to findings that it willfully violated
Section 17(a) and Rule 17a-4 of the Exchange Act, NYSE Rules 342, 401, 440
and 476(a)(6).

         Edward Jones was censured pursuant to the final SEC, NASD and NYSE
settlement orders. The SEC settlement order also requires Edward Jones to
cease and desist from committing or causing any violations and any future
violations of Section 17(a)(2) of the Securities Act, Section 15B(c)(1) of
the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-10 thereunder and MSRB Rule G-15. In
settlement of all three regulatory actions, Edward Jones agreed to pay
disgorgement plus prejudgment interest of $37.5 million and a civil penalty
of $37.5 million, for a total payment of $75 million. The entire $75 million
must be paid into a FAIR FUND established pursuant to Section 308 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for distribution to Edward Jones' customers
pursuant to a Distribution Plan. Edward Jones also consented to various
undertakings related to (1) enhancing disclosure of the firm's mutual fund
and 529 savings plan revenue sharing arrangements to its customers and
investment representatives, (2) devising and implementing policies and
procedures to ensure compliance with the SEC, NASD and NYSE settlement
orders, the federal securities laws and MSRB rules, (3) devising and
implementing policies and procedures with respect to the review of
prospectuses and statements of additional information, and the training of
its investment representatives regarding financial incentive disclosures,
and (4) the retention of an Independent Consultant to conduct a review of
the adequacy of policies and procedures required under the settlement
orders, evaluate Edward Jones' plan for distributing the FAIR FUND,
administer and distribute the monetary sum ordered to be paid, and to
otherwise evaluate Edward Jones' compliance with the settlement orders.

         The obligations of Edward Jones are set forth in the SEC
administrative order, NASD Letter of Acceptance, Waiver and Consent, and
NYSE Stipulation of Facts and Consent to Penalty, which are filed as
Exhibits 99.1, 99.2 and 99.3, respectively, each of which are incorporated
herein by reference.


         DEFERRED CONSIDERATION AGREEMENT

         On December 20, 2004, Edward Jones entered into a Deferred
Consideration Agreement (a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.4, and
which is incorporated herein by reference) with the United States Attorney's
Office for the Eastern District of Missouri ("Office"). Pursuant to the
Deferred Consideration Agreement Edward Jones has agreed, in addition to the
SEC administrative order, the NASD Letter of Acceptance, Waiver and Consent,
and the NYSE Stipulation of Facts and Consent to Penalty described above
(collectively, the "Order and Agreements"), to offer its customers holding
shares in Preferred Funds (as described in the Deferred Consideration
Agreement) for a period of ninety (90) days, the opportunity to sell such
holdings without the payment of certain fees by selling the customer's
interest in the Preferred Funds, at net asset value, to purchase shares of
mutual funds in another Preferred Fund or any other mutual fund with which
Edward Jones has a selling agreement ("Switch Funds"). For this purpose,
commissions typically paid to Edward Jones and the Switch Funds will be
waived by Edward Jones and the Switch Funds or Edward Jones will pass
through the commissions received by Edward Jones and the Switch Funds back
to the customer. Edward Jones further agreed to allocate responsibility for
the payment of the amount due under the Order and Agreements among the
registrant's partners (except registrant's limited partners), in a manner
satisfactory to the Office, and to reimburse the United States Postal
Service for its investigation costs and expenses in the amount of $200,000
as directed by the Office.

         CALIFORNIA ATTORNEY GENERAL

         The California Attorney General has filed civil proceedings with
regard to the foregoing matters in the state of California on behalf of
California residents. Edward Jones intends to defend against those charges
vigorously.

         FINANCIAL MATTERS

         In connection with the $75 million payment required under the
settlement with the SEC, NYSE and NASD the registrant will take a charge of
$50 million against its fourth quarter earnings with the remaining $25
million charged against previously established legal reserves. The $50
million charge will reduce net income before allocations to partners for the
quarter and the year by $50 million.

         The $50 million reduction in net income before allocations to
partners will be specially allocated to subordinated limited partners and
general partners. General partners will be allocated approximately $44.3
million of the charge and subordinated limited partners approximately $5.7
million. Limited partners' allocations of net income before allocations to
partners will not be reduced for the $50 million charge against earnings due
to the settlement. Similarly, for tax purposes the taxes payable in respect
of the non-deductible aspects of the settlement will be entirely allocated
among general and subordinated limited partners.

         The $75 million payment due under the settlement is required to
paid by Edward Jones to an escrow agent not unacceptable to the staff of the
SEC within ninety days of the December 22, 2004 settlement date. Edward
Jones is responsible for all costs associated with the escrow


agreement and the FAIR FUND distribution. Edward Jones is not able to
presently estimate or project costs that will be incurred under the escrow
agreement, FAIR FUND distribution or that may result from its customers
exchanging holdings of the Preferred Funds with the Switch Funds. Edward
Jones plans to satisfy payment of the $75 million from existing partnership
working capital or other resources which may include the of the sale of
presently owned investment securities.

ITEM 9.01.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

The following documents are filed as exhibits to this report:

99.1   Order Instituting Administrative and Cease and Desist proceedings,
       Making Findings, and Imposing Remedial Sanctions and a Cease-and
       -Desist Order Pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act of 1933
       and Sections 15(b) and 21C of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
       dated December 22, 2004.

99.2   NASD Letter of Acceptance, Waiver and Consent, dated December 22,
       2004.

99.3   NYSE Stipulation of Facts and Consent to Penalty, dated December 22,
       2004.

99.4   Deferred Consideration Agreement, dated December 20, 2004.



                                 SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                   THE JONES FINANCIAL COMPANIES, L.L.L.P.
                                (Registrant)



Dated: December 27, 2004                              /s/ Douglas E. Hill
                                                      --------------------
                                                      Douglas E. Hill
                                                      Managing Partner


