
<PAGE>

                                                                Exhibit 99.2

                                    NASD
                  LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE, WAIVER AND CONSENT
                               NO. CAF 040115

TO:      Department of Enforcement
         NASD

RE:      Edward D. Jones & Co., L.P., Respondent
         Member Firm
         (BD No. 250)

Pursuant to Rule 9216 of NASD Code of Procedure, Edward D. Jones & Co., L.P.
("Edward Jones" or the "Firm") submits this Letter of Acceptance, Waiver and
Consent ("AWC") for the purpose of proposing a settlement of the alleged
rule violations described in Part II below. This AWC is submitted on the
condition that, if accepted, NASD will not bring any future actions against
the Respondent alleging violations based on the same factual findings.

Respondent understands that:

1.       Submission of this AWC is voluntary and will not resolve this
         matter unless and until it has been reviewed and accepted by NASD's
         Department of Enforcement and National Adjudicatory Council ("NAC")
         Review Subcommittee or Office of Disciplinary Affairs ("ODA"),
         pursuant to NASD Rule 9216.

2.       If this AWC is not accepted, its submission will not be used as
         evidence to prove any of the allegations against Respondent; and

3.       If accepted:

         a.       this AWC will become part of Respondent's permanent
                  disciplinary record and may be considered in any future
                  actions brought by NASD or any other regulator against
                  Respondent;

         b.       this AWC will be made available through NASD's public
                  disclosure program in response to public inquiries about
                  Respondent's disciplinary record;

         c.       NASD may make a public announcement concerning this
                  agreement and the subject matter thereof in accordance
                  with NASD Rule 8310 and IM-8310-2; and

         d.       Respondent may not take any action or make or permit to be
                  made any public statement, including in regulatory filings
                  or otherwise, denying, directly or indirectly, any
                  allegation in this AWC or create the impression


                                Page 1 of 18              In Re Edward Jones


                  that the AWC is without factual basis. Nothing in this
                  provision affects the testimonial obligations or right of
                  Respondent to take legal or factual positions in
                  litigation or other legal proceedings in which NASD is not
                  a party.

Respondent also understands that Respondent's experience in the securities
industry and disciplinary history may be factors that will be considered in
deciding whether to accept this AWC. That experience and history are as
follows:

         EDWARD D. JONES & CO., L.P. Edward Jones is a Missouri limited
         partnership that has been an NASD member firm since 1939. Edward
         Jones has been registered with the Securities and Exchange
         Commission ("SEC") as a broker-dealer pursuant to Section 15 of the
         Exchange Act since 1941. It also has been a member of the New York
         Stock Exchange ("NYSE") since 1982. Edward Jones' principal offices
         are located in St. Louis, Missouri. It has more than 8,000 branch
         offices staffed primarily by one or more registered Investment
         Representatives ("IRs") that provide retail brokerage services
         throughout the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom.
         Edward Jones is the principal operating subsidiary of the Jones
         Financial Companies, L.L.L.P. ("Jones Financial"), a Missouri
         limited partnership whose limited partnership interests are
         registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act. Jones Financial
         holds all of Edward Jones' partnership equity. Jones Financial is
         comprised of approximately 275 general partners, 5,021 limited
         partners, and 146 subordinated limited partners. Edward Jones'
         prior relevant disciplinary history includes the following:

              In September 2004, NASD censured and fined Edward Jones
              $200,000 for violations of NASD Conduct Rules 2110 and 3010
              for using Edward Jones' bonus plan (by giving credits to IRs
              on the profit and loss statements prepared for each IR's
              office) to encourage IRs to recommend mutual fund and variable
              annuity purchases to customers through the use of margin loans
              and failing to establish and maintain a supervisory system to
              deter and prevent unsuitable recommendations as a result of
              the bonus incentives.


                                     I.

                         WAIVER OF PROCEDURAL RIGHTS

Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives the following rights granted
under NASD's Code of Procedure:

         A.       To have a Formal Complaint issued specifying the
                  allegations against Respondent;


                                Page 2 of 18              In Re Edward Jones

         B.       To be notified of the Formal Complaint and have the
                  opportunity to answer the allegations in writing;

         C.       To defend against the allegations in a disciplinary
                  hearing before a hearing panel, to have a written record
                  of the hearing made and to have a written decision issued;
                  and

         D.       To appeal any such decision to the NAC and then to the
                  U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and a U.S. Court
                  of Appeals.

Further, Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim
bias or prejudgment of the General Counsel, the NAC, or any member of the
NAC, in connection with such person's or body's participation in discussions
regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC, or other consideration of
this AWC, including acceptance or rejection of this AWC.

Respondent further specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim
that a person violated the ex parte prohibitions of Rule 9143 or the
separation of functions prohibitions of Rule 9144, in connection with such
person's or body's participation in discussions regarding the terms and
conditions of this AWC, or other consideration of this AWC, including its
acceptance or rejection.


                                     II.

                           ACCEPTANCE AND CONSENT

A.   Respondent hereby accepts and consents, without admitting or denying
     the allegations or findings, and solely for the purposes of this
     proceeding and any other proceeding brought by or on behalf of NASD, or
     to which NASD is a party, prior to a hearing and without an
     adjudication of any issue of law or fact, to the entry of the following
     findings by NASD:

     1.  OVERVIEW

     Edward Jones is one of the largest sellers of brokerage-sold mutual
     funds in the United States. Half of all of Edward Jones' customers'
     assets are invested in mutual funds held in brokerage accounts and
     college savings plans established under Section 529 of the Internal
     Revenue Code ("529 plans"). Edward Jones' customers hold onto their
     investments for a lengthier period of time than customers at other
     broker-dealers. Edward Jones has selling agreements with approximately
     240 mutual fund families which permit its IRs to sell at least 1,930
     different mutual funds.

     Prior to the late 1980s, Edward Jones had internally designated certain
     of the mutual fund families with which it had selling agreements as
     "recommended." In the late 1980s, Edward Jones approached certain of
     those mutual fund families (the "Preferred Families") with which it


                                Page 3 of 18              In Re Edward Jones

     had long-standing relationships and sought to obtain revenue sharing
     from them. Edward Jones set an internal revenue sharing target of 25%
     of the advisory fees earned by those mutual fund families on the mutual
     fund assets purchased or held by Edward Jones' customers, plus, in most
     instances, an equity interest in their advisers or distributors.

     2.  THE PREFERRED MUTUAL FUND FAMILY PROGRAM

     By the early 1990s, six mutual fund families had agreed to make revenue
     sharing payments to Edward Jones. Between 1993 and 1996, Edward Jones
     removed one of these fund families and added two new fund families to
     the list of Preferred Families, raising the total number of Preferred
     Families to seven.

     Each of these fund families agreed to make revenue sharing payments to
     Edward Jones in varying amounts up to and in several cases meeting
     Edward Jones' target of 25% of the advisory fees for assets purchased
     or held by Edward Jones' customers. These fees were calculated in
     various ways and by various measures, including: a flat fee determined
     by the fund family based on the total fund assets held by Edward Jones'
     customers; 7.5 to 10 basis points of average fund assets held by Edward
     Jones' customers in a given year; 12.5 basis points on the gross sales
     of a Preferred Families' mutual funds made by Edward Jones to its
     customers in a given year; or 25% of the advisory fee attributable to
     the average assets of certain Preferred Families' mutual funds held by
     Edward Jones' customers in a given year. One of the Preferred Families
     also agreed to provide Edward Jones an equity interest of at least 5%
     in the distributor of its mutual funds if Edward Jones reached a
     certain threshold of sales of its mutual funds; this was later changed
     to profit participation.

     Revenue sharing was a material factor, among others, in the selection
     of at least two of the Preferred Families. Revenue sharing was also a
     material factor, among others, with respect to the retention of fund
     families as Preferred Families. Edward Jones periodically sought to
     renegotiate additional revenue sharing payments from its Preferred
     Families.

     Edward Jones' revenue sharing agreements with the Preferred Families
     are and have been highly profitable to Edward Jones. Between 1999 and
     the present, the Firm has collected tens of millions of dollars in
     revenue sharing payments from the Preferred Families each year. Most of
     these payments have been paid directly to Edward Jones from the assets
     of the advisers or distributors associated with the Preferred Families.
     However, for a portion of this time period, Edward Jones also received
     millions of dollars in directed brokerage commissions or "step-outs"
     from at least three of the Preferred Families for distribution of
     mutual fund shares. In these instances, the advisers of these Preferred
     Families instructed the brokerage firm executing portfolio transactions
     for their mutual funds to "step out" of the transactions and direct a
     portion of the commissions for the transactions to Edward Jones. These
     directed brokerage payments ceased in 2003.


                                Page 4 of 18              In Re Edward Jones

     Edward Jones distributed 11% to 13% of its net income, which includes
     revenue sharing, to its limited partners and 10% to 12% of its net
     income to its subordinated limited partners each year and the residual
     is distributed to the general partners. Thus, the majority of any
     revenue sharing received by Edward Jones, after operating expenses, was
     distributed to its general partners, some of whom make decisions
     regarding which mutual fund families become "Preferred Families" and
     others of whom are Edward Jones' top IRs who recommend Preferred
     Families to their customers. During 2003 alone, the revenue sharing
     received by Edward Jones was equivalent to 33% of the net income of
     Edward Jones' parent holding company, Jones Financial.

     Out of the approximately 240 mutual fund families with which Edward
     Jones has selling agreements, only the seven Preferred Families make
     revenue sharing payments to Edward Jones. These payments are in
     addition to standard sales loads, commissions, Rule 12b-1 fees, expense
     reimbursements, and sub-transfer-agent fees for maintaining customer
     account information. Edward Jones does not receive any revenue sharing
     payments from any non-preferred mutual fund families. Historically, 95%
     to 98% of Edward Jones' sales of mutual funds have been sales of the
     Preferred Families.

     Edward Jones and its partners have a financial incentive to internally
     promote the sales of mutual funds from the Preferred Families over
     other mutual funds that its IRs can sell. In addition, Edward Jones
     promoted to IRs the existence of revenue sharing by Preferred Families
     and encouraged IRs on a case-by-case basis to consider revenue sharing
     in making recommendations to their customers to purchase certain mutual
     funds.

     For example, during the relevant time period, Edward Jones' Director of
     Mutual Fund Marketing described his "greatest contribution to the
     Firm's bottom line" as "the Department's ability to continue the focus
     on selling preferred fund families and the subsequent leverage this
     gives us to negotiate revenue sharing programs with vendors." He also
     represented to the IRs that Edward Jones directly passes the revenue
     sharing income along to the "IRs who did the work to get the money in
     the first place."

     During the "rollouts" of the two newest Preferred Families, a general
     partner of the Firm also made broadcast presentations to IRs throughout
     the country further extolling the benefits the IRs receive from the
     revenue sharing agreements negotiated with these Preferred Families.

     At least one newsletter distributed by an Edward Jones regional leader,
     conveyed this message by describing how "[r]evenue sharing can
     contribute large benefits to the firm in terms of profit and bonus." In
     a January 2000 regional newsletter, a regional leader further promoted
     the sales of mutual funds from Preferred Families that provide revenue
     sharing payments over those that do not provide revenue sharing by
     describing how over a ten year period, an IR would receive an
     additional $256,369 in


                                Page 5 of 18              In Re Edward Jones

     profit from the sales of such mutual funds. During regional and other
     meetings, another of Edward Jones' regional leaders, who was also a
     general partner, encouraged IRs in his region to sell the mutual funds
     of one Preferred Family over the funds of another Preferred Family that
     paid less revenue sharing.

     Edward Jones' IRs receive credits for the amount of revenue sharing
     that Edward Jones receives from the IRs' proportionate sales and
     customer holdings of funds from the Preferred Families. These credits
     were not directly paid to IRs but were applied as a separate line item
     to the profit and loss statements ("P&Ls") prepared for each IR's
     office. These P&Ls are distributed monthly to the IRs and track their
     profitability to the Firm. An IR's profitability to the Firm determines
     whether the IR is successful at Edward Jones and is used as a factor in
     determining whether the IR will be considered for status as a limited
     partner. In addition, three times per year, Edward Jones' IRs are
     eligible to receive bonuses based, in part, on their overall
     profitability which is impacted by their revenue sharing credits. For
     an IR to receive a bonus in any of Edward Jones' three annual bonus
     periods, both the Firm and the particular IR's office must be
     profitable during the period. In addition, if an IR has worked for
     Edward Jones for more than 30 months, the IR also needs to make at
     least $4,000 in profits to become eligible for a bonus. Edward Jones'
     top-producing IRs have received as much as an additional $5,000 per
     bonus period as the part of their bonuses based on revenue sharing
     payments attributable to the IRs' sales and customer holdings of funds
     from Preferred Families to their retail customers.

     Edward Jones further offers "diversification contest" trips to its IRs
     two times each year. During these contests, the IRs can qualify for a
     trip by earning points based on, among other things, their sales of
     mutual funds. Once an IR earns a specific number of points, the IR
     "wins" a trip. Although the IRs generally can earn contest points for
     selling any mutual funds or other investment product, for a ninety-day
     period in the fall of 2002, Edward Jones only gave mutual fund contest
     points for the sale of a subset of mutual funds from the Preferred
     Families. One or more of the Preferred Families always participate in
     the sponsorship of the diversification trips and make one short
     training presentation for the IRs during each trip. Sponsorship of
     these trips and other meetings provide the Preferred Families with
     exclusive access to and visibility with the IRs.

     The Preferred Families receive certain benefits not otherwise available
     to non-preferred families. First, Edward Jones exclusively promotes the
     seven Preferred Families on its public website and exclusively provides
     links to the Preferred Families' websites on Edward Jones' internal
     computer system accessible only to its IRs. Second, Edward Jones
     exclusively lists the Preferred Families in sales literature and
     newsletters provided to its customers. Third, Edward Jones provides its
     IRs with research on only the seven Preferred Families and maintains a
     "Preferred Funds List" containing the names of approximately 110 mutual
     funds within the Preferred Families that Edward Jones' Product Review
     department recommends for sale to Edward Jones' retail customers. Only
     funds from the seven Preferred Families are considered for inclusion on
     this list. The Product Review department does not review


                                Page 6 of 18              In Re Edward Jones

     any mutual funds from fund families that are not Preferred Families for
     this "Preferred Funds List." Fourth, Edward Jones uses only the
     Preferred Families as examples in its internal training sessions for
     new IRs and only invites representatives from the Preferred Families to
     make presentations at these training sessions. Finally, Edward Jones
     facilitates exclusive direct access for the Preferred Families to its
     IRs for the dissemination of marketing materials and to answer IRs'
     questions regarding the funds offered by the Preferred Families.

     3.  EDWARD JONES DID NOT DISCLOSE ITS FINANCIAL INCENTIVES TO SELL
         MUTUAL FUNDS FROM THE PREFERRED FAMILIES

     The mutual fund section of Edward Jones' public website lists only the
     seven Preferred Families and provides links to only the Preferred
     Families' websites. In addition, since approximately 1997, Edward Jones
     has claimed on its public website that it focuses on the seven
     Preferred Families because: "With nearly 11,000 mutual funds available,
     it can be difficult to know which fund(s) to pick. That's why at Edward
     Jones, we focus on seven preferred mutual fund families that share our
     same commitment to service, long-term investment objectives, and
     long-term performance."

     During the same time period, Edward Jones did not disclose on its
     website or in any other written document that it prepared, the revenue
     sharing, directed brokerage and other payments received from the
     Preferred Families for distribution of mutual fund shares as described
     above. Edward Jones has did not disclose the dimensions of the
     potential financial conflict created by these payments.

     Edward Jones and its IRs do not orally disclose to customers the
     revenue sharing, directed brokerage and other payments received by
     Edward Jones in connection with the distribution of mutual fund shares
     or the potential conflict of interests such payments create.

     Instead, Edward Jones claimed to rely on language contained in the
     Preferred Families' prospectuses and Statements of Additional
     Information ("SAIs") to disclose revenue sharing arrangements. At all
     relevant times, Edward Jones required its IRs to provide customers with
     a prospectus at the point-of-sale or with the confirmation of sale of
     any mutual fund; however, the Firm did not require its IRs to provide
     and IRs did not provide customers with copies of SAIs unless a customer
     specifically requested a copy.

     Many of the Preferred Families' prospectuses and SAIs fail to disclose
     adequate information about the source and the amount of the revenue
     sharing payments to Edward Jones and the dimensions of the resulting
     potential conflicts of interest. Although the Preferred Families'
     prospectuses and SAIs contained various disclosures concerning payments
     to broker-dealers distributing their funds, few of these disclosures
     adequately described Edward Jones' potential conflict of interest


                                Page 7 of 18              In Re Edward Jones

     During the relevant time period, Edward Jones also had not had
     sufficient procedures in place to ensure that someone with appropriate
     knowledge, experience, and authority reviewed the prospectuses and SAIs
     of the mutual funds offered by the Preferred Families to determine if
     they adequately disclose revenue sharing and directed brokerage
     payments made to Edward Jones or the other incentives offered to Edward
     Jones by the Preferred Families.

     4.  EDWARD JONES' 529 COLLEGE SAVINGS PLAN SALES AND DISCLOSURES

     Since 2000, Edward Jones has offered and sold 529 college savings plans
     to its customers. Offers and sales of 529 plans are municipal
     securities transactions. Prior to September 2004, Edward Jones stated
     on its public website that "the 529 plans available through Edward
     Jones" were three plans offered by three of its Preferred Families.
     Also, prior to September 2004, Edward Jones provided additional
     detailed information on its public website about only these three 529
     plans. Edward Jones did not list or provide information on its website
     regarding any of the other numerous 529 plans that it could sell.

     Edward Jones currently has selling agreements with 14 mutual fund
     companies to sell their 529 plans. However, Edward Jones promotes only
     the 529 plans of the Preferred Families that offer 529 plans, two of
     which pay additional revenue sharing to Edward Jones for sales of 529
     plans. Edward Jones expressly encourages its IRs to sell only the 529
     plans of the Preferred Families. In internal notices to its IRs
     announcing the availability of 529 plans from non-preferred families,
     Edward Jones explicitly states: "Edward Jones will continue to promote
     only our preferred vendors' 529 plans...Although we have a selling
     agreement with [another 529 plan], they are not one of our preferred
     vendors. However, if one of your clients feel [sic] the advantages of
     [another 529 plan] are important factors in their decision, you can
     sell it." In addition, Edward Jones has made it easier for its IRs to
     sell and service the Preferred Families' 529 plans versus non-preferred
     529 plans.

     At the same time, Edward Jones has failed to disclose on its website or
     in any other written documents prepared by Edward Jones, including
     confirmations of 529 plan sales, the material financial incentives to
     Edward Jones, its partners and its IRs to sell 529 plans from certain
     of the Preferred Families over other 529 plans that Edward Jones could
     sell.

     Based on the conduct described above, Edward Jones willfully violated:

         a.       Section 17(a)(2) of the Securities Act which provides that
                  it is "unlawful for any person in the offer or sale of any
                  securities...by the use of any means or instruments of
                  transportation or communication in interstate commerce or
                  by use of the mails, directly or indirectly...to obtain
                  money or property by means of any untrue statement of a
                  material fact or any omission to state a material fact
                  necessary in order to make the statements made, in light
                  of the circumstances under which they were made, not


                                Page 8 of 18              In Re Edward Jones

                  misleading;" and by virtue of violating Section 17(a)(2),
                  Edward Jones violated NASD Conduct Rule 2110.

         b.       Rule 10b-10 under the Exchange Act, which provides in
                  pertinent part that "it shall be unlawful for any broker
                  or dealer to effect for or with an account of a customer
                  any transaction in, or to induce the purchase or sale by
                  such customer of, any security...unless such broker or
                  dealer, at or before completion of such transaction, gives
                  or sends to such customer written notification
                  disclosing...the source and amount of any other
                  remuneration received or to be received by the broker in
                  connection with the transaction."

         c.       Section 15B(c)(1) of the Exchange Act, which provides that
                  "[n]o broker, dealer, or municipal securities dealer shall
                  make use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of
                  interstate commerce to effect any transaction in, or to
                  induce or attempt to induce the purchase or sale of, any
                  municipal security in contravention of any rule of the
                  [Municipal Securities Rulemaking] Board."

     Edward Jones also violated NASD's Conduct Rule 2210 which, among other
     things, requires communications with the public, including websites and
     written documents provided to customers, to be fair and balanced, and
     not to omit important facts. This conduct also violated NASD Conduct
     Rule 2110.

     By virtue of its sales of 529 college savings plans, as described
     above, Edward Jones also contravened the dictates of Municipal
     Securities Rulemaking Board ("MSRB") Rule G-15, which requires a broker
     or dealer to send or give a written confirmation to its customer, at or
     before the completion of a municipal securities transaction, that
     discloses, among other things, either: "(A) the source and amount of
     any remuneration received or to be received...by the broker [or]
     dealer...in connection with the transaction from any person other than
     the customer, or (B) a statement indicating whether any such
     remuneration has been or will be received and that the source and
     amount of such other remuneration will be furnished upon written
     request of the customer." This conduct also violates Section 15B(c)(1)
     of the Exchange Act which requires broker-dealers to abide by MSRB
     rules with respect to municipal securities transactions.

     5.  IMPROPERLY FAVORING THE SALE OF MUTUAL FUNDS ON THE BASIS OF
         BROKERAGE COMMISSIONS--VIOLATION OF NASD CONDUCT RULES 2830(k) AND
         2110

     In addition to direct payments from the advisers or distributors of
     seven Preferred Families, from January 1999 through December 2003,
     Edward Jones received almost $18 million in directed brokerage from
     three of the Preferred Families. Each of these three Preferred Families
     routed portfolio trades to a clearing firm, and, as part of the trade
     settlement, included a commission payment (typically $.05 - $.06 per
     share) to the clearing firm. The clearing firm, in turn, retained a fee
     for its execution and


                                Page 9 of 18              In Re Edward Jones

     clearance services (typically $.01 per share) and credited the
     remainder of the commission payments to Edward Jones, in cash or as a
     credit due to the clearing firm for other Edward Jones business. These
     "step-out" arrangements were a part of Edward Jones' overall revenue
     sharing program through which Edward Jones favored the sale of
     Preferred Family mutual funds to its customers by, among other things,
     including funds from these fund families on its preferred fund list.

     Rule 2830(k) provides, in pertinent part:

         (1) No member shall, directly or indirectly, favor or disfavor the
         sale or distribution of shares of any particular investment company
         or group of investment companies on the basis of brokerage
         commissions received or expected by such member from any source,
         including such investment company, or any covered account.

                                    * * *
         (3) No member shall...request or arrange for the direction to any
         member of a specific amount or percentage of brokerage commissions
         conditioned upon that member's sale or promise of sales of shares
         of an investment company.

                                    * * *
         (6) No member shall,...(A) provide to salesmen, branch managers or
         other sales personnel any incentive or additional compensation for
         the sale of shares of specific investment companies based on the
         amount of brokerage commissions received or expected from any
         source;...(B) recommend specific investment companies to sales
         personnel, or establish "recommended," "selected," or "preferred"
         lists of investment companies..., if such companies are recommended
         or selected on the basis of brokerage commissions received or
         expected from any source; [or] (C) grant to salesmen, branch
         managers or other sales personnel any participation in brokerage
         commissions received by such member from portfolio transactions of
         an investment company whose shares are sold by such member,...if
         such commissions are directed by, or identified with, such
         investment company.(2)

     By virtue of the brokerage commission arrangements described above,
     Edward Jones violated NASD Conduct Rules 2830(k) and 2110.

<FN>
- --------
     2 As noted by the NASD in a recent rule filing with the SEC, NASD
     Conduct Rule 2830(k) "is designed to prevent quid pro quo arrangements
     in which brokerage commissions, which represent an asset of the fund,
     are used to compensate members for selling fund shares." See
     SR-NASD-2004-027, 2004 SEC LEXIS 2488 (Oct. 29, 2004).


                               Page 10 of 18              In Re Edward Jones

     6.  UNLAWFUL SALES CONTEST--VIOLATION OF NASD CONDUCT RULES 2830(L),
         2820(G), AND 2110

     Edward Jones holds a sales contest every six months awarding a
     diversification contest trip ("DivTrip") to IRs who successfully meet
     various sales goals. Winners choose from a list of up to 35 highly
     desirable "world-class" vacation destinations, such as Singapore, St.
     Martin, Davos, Biarritz, and Tortola. Edward Jones provides airfare,
     5-star accommodations, and treats attendees to various activities such
     as skiing, golfing, fine dining, and tours. For one trip, billed as a
     "shopping spree," Edward Jones provided each IR with a $1,000 shopping
     allowance. Annually, over 3,500 IRs (accompanied by spouses) take such
     trips. The average value of each trip is approximately $5000.

     For the DivTrip contest beginning in October 2002, Edward Jones revised
     the contest rules so that only commissions on a subset of Edward Jones'
     preferred funds and certain variable annuities (the "Preferred Funds
     List") counted towards winning a DivTrip. Sales of other mutual funds
     and variable annuities, including certain funds in the Preferred
     Families that were not listed on the Preferred Fund list, did not earn
     sales credits needed to win a DivTrip. Indeed, Edward Jones changed the
     contest rules specifically to incent IRs to sell only the funds on the
     Preferred Funds List and Edward Jones expected the preferred
     wholesalers to promote only the listed funds and variable annuities
     when dealing with Edward Jones' IRs. Further, some IRs complained that
     "doing the right thing for the client" (by recommending non-preferred
     funds and variable annuities) penalized their chance to earn a DivTrip.
     Approximately halfway through the contest period, Edward Jones reverted
     to the prior contest rules, thereafter allowing IRs to earn sales
     credits for all mutual fund and variable annuities sales, not just
     preferred fund and variable annuity sales. However, when Edward Jones
     awarded DivTrips for the October 2002 contest, the Firm unlawfully
     credited specific product sales during the first half of the contest
     period.

     NASD Conduct Rules 2830(l) and 2820(g) govern non-cash compensation
     received by a member's associated persons in connection with sales
     contests. Rules 2830 (Investment Company Securities) and 2820 (Variable
     Contracts of an Insurance Company) require member firms to base sales
     contest awards on the total production of a registered representative
     with respect to all mutual funds and variable contracts distributed by
     the firm. Further, each rule requires that contest credit for each sale
     is equally weighted. These rules were established to avoid creating
     significant conflicts of interest that might compromise the requirement
     to meet the investment needs of the customer with the most appropriate
     investment product.

     Edward Jones, by excluding mutual funds and variable annuities that
     were not on the Preferred Funds List, created a product specific
     contest in which sales were not equally weighed for at least the first
     half of the contest period beginning in October


                               Page 11 of 18              In Re Edward Jones

     2002, in violation of NASD Conduct Rules 2830(l) and 2820(g). This
     conduct also violated NASD Conduct Rule 2110.

     7.  FAILURE TO PRESERVE E-MAILS AND FAILURE TO RETAIN E-MAILS IN A
         READILY ACCESSIBLE PLACE FOR TWO YEARS--VIOLATIONS OF SECTION 17(a)
         OF THE EXCHANGE ACT AND RULE 17a-4 THEREUNDER AND NASD CONDUCT
         RULES 3110 AND 2110

     Edward Jones uses a number of electronic systems to communicate among
     and between its associated persons. These include "home office" e-mails
     (communications used within the home office, that is, by headquarters
     personnel located principally in St. Louis), "wires" (communications
     via the Firm's proprietary in-house computer system between IRs and
     Edward Jones' home office personnel), and Internet e-mails for
     registered representatives.

     Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act requires broker dealers to "make
     and keep for proscribed periods" certain records, and SEC Rule
     17a-4(b)(4) thereunder requires broker dealers to "preserve for a
     period of not less than three years, the final two years in an
     accessible place....[o]riginals of all communications received and
     copies of all communications sent...relating to [the broker dealer's]
     business as such." Further, NASD Rule 3110 requires members to comply
     with SEC Rule 17a-4.

     Despite the requirements to maintain copies of e-mails (and keep such
     copies readily accessible for two years), Edward Jones failed to
     preserve home office and wire e-mails for an eight-month period and
     failed to preserve internet e-mails for one year. Further, Edward Jones
     failed to retain home office e-mails sent and received during a
     nine-month period in a readily accessible place.

     These failures by Edward Jones constitute violations of Section 17(a)
     of the Exchange Act and Rule 17a-4 thereunder and NASD Conduct Rule
     3110. Such failures are inconsistent with just and equitable principals
     of trade, and therefore, also violate NASD Conduct Rule 2110.

     8.  EDWARD JONES FAILED TO SUPERVISE LATE TRADING--VIOLATIONS OF NASD
         CONDUCT RULES 3010 AND 2110

     Under the provisions of federal securities laws, mutual fund
     transactions received after 4:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time ("EST") are
     to be given the next day's net asset value (NAV). Under a practice
     commonly known as late trading, a trader may seek to profit from market
     events that occur after 4:00 p.m. but that are not reflected in that
     day's price, by waiting until after 4:00 p.m. to place a trade order,
     but arranging to receive that day's NAV.

     Prior to November 2003, the Firm permitted IRs to enter mutual fund
     trades after 4:00 p.m. EST and still receive the same day's NAV. As a
     standard operating practice, trades entered in the Edward Jones'
     computer system after 4:00 p.m. EST were automatically assigned the
     next day's NAV. Under certain circumstances described below, however,
     the Firm allowed mutual fund transactions entered after 4:00 p.m. EST
     to be allocated the same day's NAV. These transactions were referred to
     as "released trades."


                               Page 12 of 18              In Re Edward Jones

     Prior to November 30, 2003, between 4:01 p.m. EST and 4:45 p.m. EST,
     the Firm allowed IRs to call the Service Division at Edward Jones
     Headquarters and request that a trade entered after the 4:00 p.m. EST
     be "released" and allocated the same day's NAV. In order to "release"
     the trade, a Service Division representative was required to secure the
     IR's certification that the trade order had been received prior to 4:00
     p.m. EST.

     The Firm had between approximately 75 and 100 service specialists, and
     members of an internal support group, who had the ability to approve
     released trades. Between May 2003 and November 2003, the Firm
     identified approximately 8,700 instances where an order was entered,
     changed or cancelled after 4:00 P.M. and the execution price was based
     on the same day's NAV. Typically, the only question posed to the IR by
     the service representative was whether the IR received the order prior
     to 4:00 p.m. EST. Once the IR answered the question in the affirmative,
     the trade was released and allocated that day's NAV.

     Beyond released trades, the Firm also permitted trade corrections. If a
     transaction entered by an IR into the Firm's computer system prior to
     4:00 pm EST had administrative errors, an IR was allowed to correct
     after the fact, among other things, the quantity and fund name of the
     mutual fund trade without any prior supervisory approval. Such trade
     corrections, however, were listed on reports provided to the IR's field
     supervision director (compliance supervisor).

     Edward Jones did not have adequate policies and procedures in place to
     approve released trades or to determine whether trades were
     legitimately allocated the same day's NAV until November 2003.

     The Firm failed to provide the service representatives with written
     policies and/or procedures delineating the criteria for approving
     released trades. Moreover, the Firm had no mechanism to document either
     requests made or approvals granted for the purpose of releasing late
     trades. Edward Jones also did not have polices and/or procedures for
     supervisory review of decisions to grant requests for released trades.

     The Firm's failure to adopt specific procedures in order to supervise
     this process properly, resulted in the Firm's inability to prevent and
     detect any abuse of this system by IRs and any unlawful late trading
     that may have existed. By this failure, Edward Jones violated NASD
     Conduct Rules 3010 and 2110.

     9.  EDWARD JONES FAILED TO SUPERVISE OR TO ESTABLISH, MAINTAIN, AND
         ENFORCE ADEQUATE WRITTEN SUPERVISORY PROCEDURES AND SYSTEMS RELATED
         TO SALES OF PREFERRED FAMILY MUTUAL FUNDS AND 529 PLANS--VIOLATIONS
         OF NASD CONDUCT RULES 3010 AND 2110

     NASD Conduct Rule 3010 requires each member to assign responsibility
     for each type of business that the member conducts to an appropriately
     registered principal. Assigned supervisors are required to reasonably
     supervise activities under their purview. Rule 3010 also requires each
     member to establish both supervisory systems and written supervisory
     procedures specifically tailored to the member's business that address
     the activities of its registered and associated persons.


                               Page 13 of 18              In Re Edward Jones

     As described herein, Edward Jones did not reasonably supervise
     activities related to, inter alia, the sale of Preferred Family mutual
     funds and 529 plans, revenue sharing, directed brokerage, sales
     contests, the preservation and retention of e-mails, and late trading.
     Further, Edward Jones did not establish reasonable supervisory systems
     and procedures tailored to these activities. These failures constituted
     violations of NASD Rules 3010 and 2110.

B.       Sanctions

Simultaneously with this proceeding, the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange
have instituted proceedings against Edward Jones. Edward Jones has agreed to
pay disgorgement plus prejudgment interest of $37.5 million ("Disgorgement")
and a civil monetary penalty in the amount of $37.5 million ("Penalties") to
resolve the NASD, SEC and NYSE proceedings and such total payment of $75
million will be made as described in the SEC proceeding. Edward Jones has
further consented to a censure and has agreed to the following undertakings:

         a. Edward Jones shall place and maintain on the mutual fund portion
         of its public website within 15 days of the date of Notice of
         Acceptance of this AWC disclosures regarding its Preferred Mutual
         Fund Family program ("program") to include: (i) the existence of
         the program; (ii) the mutual fund families participating in the
         program; (iii) the amount of revenue sharing payments that Edward
         Jones receives from each of the Preferred Families based on a
         reasonable estimate from historical experience, expressed in basis
         points or dollars; (iv) the total amount of revenue sharing
         payments (expressed in dollars) that Edward Jones receives
         annually, starting with the amount received in 2004 as of the date
         of Notice of Acceptance of this AWC and updated each year
         thereafter; (v) the source of such payments (fund assets, adviser,
         distributor, underwriter, etc.); (vi) that its IRs and the equity
         owners of the Firm may benefit financially from the revenue sharing
         payments Edward Jones receives; and (vii) that Edward Jones does
         not receive revenue sharing payments from any non-preferred mutual
         fund families.

         b. Edward Jones shall place and maintain on the college savings
         program portion of its public website within 15 days of the date of
         Notice of Acceptance of this AWC disclosures regarding its
         Preferred Mutual Fund Family program to include: (i) the existence
         of the program; (ii) an identification of the Preferred Families
         that pay Edward Jones revenue sharing for sales of 529 plans; (iii)
         the amount of revenue sharing payments that Edward Jones receives
         from each of these Preferred Families based on a reasonable
         estimate from historical experience, expressed in basis points or
         dollars; (iv) the total amount of revenue sharing payments
         (expressed in dollars) that Edward Jones receives annually,
         starting with the amount received in 2004 as of the date of Notice
         of Acceptance of this AWC and updated each year thereafter; (v) the
         source of such payments (fund assets, adviser, distributor,
         underwriter, etc.); (vi) that its IRs and the equity owners of the
         Firm may benefit financially from the revenue sharing payments


                               Page 14 of 18              In Re Edward Jones

         Edward Jones receives; and (vii) that Edward Jones does not receive
         revenue sharing payments from any non-preferred mutual fund
         families.

         c. Edward Jones shall send the information contained in paragraphs
         a. and b. above: (i) to its current customers within 60 days from
         the date of Notice of Acceptance of this AWC and annually
         thereafter; (ii) to new customers upon the opening of an account;
         (iii) in those cases where confirmations are sent out directly by
         Edward Jones, to all customers at or before the completion of each
         transaction in mutual funds and 529 plans, except that Edward Jones
         may send the information quarterly to customers purchasing mutual
         funds pursuant to a periodic plan in compliance with Exchange Act
         Rule 10b-10 and to customers purchasing 529 plans pursuant to a
         periodic municipal fund security plan in compliance with MSRB Rule
         G-15.

         d. Edward Jones shall devise and implement within 60 days of the
         date of Notice of Acceptance of this AWC a policy and set of
         procedures to ensure that Edward Jones is complying with its
         disclosure obligations under this AWC, the federal securities laws
         and the MSRB rules. The policy and procedures shall also ensure
         that all statements made on Edward Jones' public website comply
         with this AWC, the federal securities laws and the MSRB rules and
         are otherwise not misleading.

         e. Edward Jones shall devise and implement within 60 days of Notice
         of Acceptance of this AWC a policy and set of procedures to conduct
         comprehensive reviews of all prospectuses and SAIs issued by the
         Preferred Families on a regular basis to ensure that Edward Jones
         is in compliance with this AWC, the federal securities laws and the
         MSRB rules.

         f. Edward Jones shall devise and implement within 60 days of Notice
         of Acceptance of this AWC a policy and set of procedures to
         document the basis for its decisions to add or remove mutual fund
         families from its list of Preferred Families.

         g. Edward Jones shall devise and implement within 60 days of Notice
         of Acceptance of this AWC a policy and set of procedures for
         training its IRs regarding the disclosure of financial incentives
         that Edward Jones, its IRs, general partners and limited partners
         receive from each of the Preferred Families.

         h. Edward Jones shall retain, within 60 days of the date of Notice
         of Acceptance of this AWC, the services of an Independent
         Consultant not unacceptable to NASD Staff. Edward Jones shall
         exclusively bear all costs, including compensation and expenses,
         associated with the retention of the Independent Consultant. Edward
         Jones shall retain the Independent Consultant to conduct a
         comprehensive review of: (i) the adequacy of the policies and
         procedures that Edward Jones is required to devise and implement
         under this AWC; and (ii) whether Edward Jones' receipt and
         disclosure of revenue sharing


                               Page 15 of 18              In Re Edward Jones

         payments is in compliance with this AWC, the federal securities
         laws and the MSRB rules.

         i. Edward Jones shall further retain the Independent Consultant to,
         at the conclusion of the review, which in no event shall be more
         than 120 days after Notice of Acceptance of this AWC, submit to
         Edward Jones and to NASD Staff an Initial Report. The Initial
         Report shall address, at a minimum: (i) the adequacy of the
         policies and procedures that Edward Jones is required to devise and
         implement under this AWC; and (ii) whether Edward Jones' receipt
         and disclosure of revenue sharing payments is in compliance with
         this AWC, the federal securities laws and the MSRB rules. The
         Initial Report must include a description of the review performed,
         the conclusions reached, and the Independent Consultant's
         recommendations for modifications and additions to the policies and
         procedures devised and implemented by Edward Jones.

         j. Within 150 days from Notice of Acceptance of this AWC, Edward
         Jones shall in writing advise the Independent Consultant and the
         NASD Staff of the recommendations from the initial report that it
         is adopting and the recommendations that it considers to be
         unnecessary or inappropriate. With respect to any recommendation
         that Edward Jones considers unnecessary or inappropriate, Edward
         Jones shall explain why the objective or purpose of such
         recommendation is unnecessary or inappropriate and provide in
         writing an alternative policy, procedure, or system designed to
         achieve the same objective or purpose.

         k. With respect to any recommendation with which Edward Jones and
         the Independent Consultant do not agree, Edward Jones shall attempt
         in good faith to reach an agreement with the Independent Consultant
         within 180 days from the date of the entry of the Order. In the
         event that the Independent Consultant and Edward Jones are unable
         to agree on an alternative proposal, Edward Jones and the
         Independent Consultant shall jointly confer with NASD Staff to
         resolve the matter.

         l. Edward Jones shall further retain the Independent Consultant to
         conduct a follow up review and submit a written Final Report to
         Edward Jones and to NASD Staff no later than one year after Notice
         of Acceptance of this AWC. In the Final Report, the Independent
         Consultant shall address Edward Jones' compliance with this AWC,
         its implementation of the policies and procedures adopted under
         this AWC and make any further recommendations he or she deems
         necessary. Within 30 days of its receipt of the Independent
         Consultant's Final Report, Edward Jones shall adopt the
         recommendations contained in the Final Report.

         m. Within 60 days of the date of the Notice of Acceptance of this
         AWC, Edward Jones shall submit to the Independent Consultant for
         review (and simultaneously to the NASD staff) a plan ("Distribution
         Plan") pursuant to which the Independent Consultant shall
         administer and distribute the monetary sums ordered to be


                               Page 16 of 18              In Re Edward Jones

         paid pursuant to Section IV.C of the SEC Order. The Distribution
         Plan shall address how such monetary sums shall be distributed to
         benefit customers who purchased through Edward Jones mutual funds
         of the Preferred Families between January 1, 1999 and the date of
         the entry of this Order. The Distribution Plan shall not be
         unacceptable to the Independent Consultant. If the Independent
         Consultant finds that the Distribution Plan is unacceptable, Edward
         Jones shall attempt in good faith to reach an agreement with the
         Independent Consultant within 90 days of the entry of this Order.
         In the event that Edward Jones and the Independent Consultant are
         unable to agree on an alternative proposal, Edward Jones shall
         abide by the recommendation of the Independent Consultant. The
         final Distribution Plan shall be submitted, and must be acceptable,
         to the NASD Staff.

         n. Edward Jones shall cooperate fully with the Independent
         Consultant and shall provide the Independent Consultant with access
         to Edward Jones' files, books, records and personnel as reasonably
         requested by the Independent Consultant.

         o. For good cause shown, and upon receipt of a timely application
         from the Independent Consultant or Edward Jones, NASD staff may
         extend any of the procedural dates set forth above.

         p. To ensure the independence of the Independent Consultant, Edward
         Jones: (i) shall not have the authority to terminate the
         Independent Consultant, without the prior written approval of NASD
         Staff; (ii) shall compensate the Independent Consultant, and
         persons engaged to assist the Independent Consultant, for services
         rendered pursuant to this AWC at their reasonable and customary
         rates; (iii) shall not be in and shall not have an attorney-client
         relationship with the Independent Consultant and shall not seek to
         invoke the attorney-client privilege or any other doctrine or
         privilege to prevent the Independent Consultant from transmitting
         any information, reports, or documents to NASD staff.

         q. To further ensure the independence of the Independent
         Consultant, Edward Jones shall require the Independent Consultant
         to enter into an agreement that provides that for the period of the
         engagement and for a period of two years from completion of the
         engagement, the Independent Consultant shall not enter into any
         employment, consultant, attorney-client, auditing or other
         professional relationship with Edward Jones, or any of its present
         or former affiliates, directors, officers, employees, or agents
         acting in their capacity. Any firm with which the Independent
         Consultant is affiliated in performance of his or her duties under
         this AWC shall not, without prior written consent of NASD Staff,
         enter into any employment, consultant, attorney-client, auditing or
         other professional relationship with Edward Jones, or any of its
         present or former affiliates, directors, officers, employees, or
         agents acting in their capacity as such for the period of the
         engagement and for a period of two years after the engagement.


                               Page 17 of 18              In Re Edward Jones

                                    III.
                                OTHER MATTERS

A.       Respondent understands that Respondent may attach a Corrective
         Action Statement to this AWC that is a statement of demonstrable
         corrective steps taken to prevent future misconduct. Respondent
         understands that Respondent may not deny the charges or make any
         statement that is inconsistent with the AWC in this Statement. This
         Statement does not constitute factual or legal findings by NASD,
         nor does it reflect the views of NASD or its staff.

B.       Respondent agrees to pay any monetary sanctions imposed upon notice
         that this AWC has been accepted and that such payments are due and
         payable and has attached an Election of Payment form showing the
         method by which Respondent proposes to pay any fine imposed.

C.       Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim
         an inability to pay, now or at any time hereafter, any monetary
         sanction imposed in this matter.

Respondent certifies that the Respondent has read and understands all of the
provisions of this AWC and has been given a full opportunity to ask
questions about it, and that no offer, threat, inducement, or promise of any
kind, other than the terms set forth herein, has been made to induce
Respondent to submit it.


12/20/04
- --------------------                     -------------------------
DATE                                     Edward D. Jones & Co., L.P.

                                     By: /s/ Steve Novik
                                         -------------------------
                                         Steve Novik
                                         Treasurer, on behalf of EDJ Holding
                                         Company, Inc., Sole Partner,
                                         Edward D. Jones & Co., L.P.
Reviewed by:

/s/ Brandon Becker
- -----------------------
Brandon Becker
Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr, LLP (Counsel for Edward Jones)


Accepted by NASD:



- -----------------                    -----------------------------
Date                                 Vice-President, Department of Enforcement
                                     Signed on behalf of the Director of ODA,
                                     by delegated authority


iEnforcement 15166 v15


                               Page 18 of 18              In Re Edward Jones





