
<PAGE>

                                                                Exhibit 99.3


              N E W  Y O R K  S T O C K  E X C H A N G E, I N C.


EXCHANGE HEARING PANEL DECISION 04-194                      DECEMBER 22, 2004
- --------------------------------------
EDWARD D. JONES & CO., L.P.
MEMBER ORGANIZATION


                                   * * *


VIOLATED SECTION 17(a)(2) OF THE SECURITIES ACT [15 U.S.C. SECTIONS
77q(a)(2)] in that THE FIRM, IN THE OFFER OR SALE OF SECURITIES, BY THE USE
OF MEANS OR INSTRUMENTS OF TRANSPORTATION OR COMMUNICATION IN INTERSTATE
COMMERCE OR BY USE OF THE MAILS, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY OBTAINED MONEY OR
PROPERTY BY MEANS OF UNTRUE STATEMENTS OF MATERIAL FACT OR OMISSIONS TO
STATE MATERIAL FACTS NECESSARY IN ORDER TO MAKE THE STATEMENTS MADE IN LIGHT
OF THE CIRCUMSTANCES UNDER WHICH THEY WERE MADE, NOT MISLEADING; VIOLATED
SECTION 10b-10 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT [17 C.F.R. SECTION 240.10b-10] IN THAT THE
FIRM EFFECTED PURCHASES OR SALES BY CUSTOMERS OF SECURITIES WITHOUT, AT OR
BEFORE COMPLETION OF SUCH TRANSACTIONS, GIVING OR SENDING THE CUSTOMERS
WRITTEN NOTIFICATION DISCLOSING THE SOURCES AND AMOUNTS OF ANY OTHER
REMUNERATION IT RECEIVED OR WAS TO RECEIVE IN CONNECTION WITH THE
TRANSACTIONS; ENGAGED IN CONDUCT INCONSISTENT WITH JUST AND EQUITABLE
PRINCIPLES OF TRADE IN VIOLATION OF EXCHANGE RULE 476(a)(6) IN THAT: (a) THE
FIRM ENCOURAGED INVESTMENT REPRESENTATIVES TO SELL MUTUAL FUND SHARES BASED
IN PART ON THE AMOUNT OF REVENUE THE FIRM RECEIVED FROM CERTAIN MUTUAL FUND
COMPANIES; (b) THE FIRM FAILED TO ADEQUATELY DISCLOSE THE SOURCE AND AMOUNT
OF REMUNERATION RECEIVED OR TO BE RECEIVED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SALES OF
COLLEGE SAVINGS 529 PLANS; (c) THE FIRM FAILED TO SEND OR GIVE WRITTEN
CONFIRMATIONS TO CUSTOMERS, AT OR BEFORE THE COMPLETION OF MUNICIPAL
SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS, THAT DISCLOSED EITHER THE SOURCE AND AMOUNT OF ANY
REMUNERATION IT RECEIVED OR WAS TO RECEIVE IN CONNECTION WITH THE
TRANSACTION FROM PERSONS OTHER THAN THE CUSTOMERS, OR A STATEMENT INDICATING
WHETHER IT RECEIVED OR WILL RECEIVE ANY SUCH REMUNERATION AND THAT THE
SOURCE AND AMOUNT OF SUCH OTHER REMUNERATION WILL BE FURNISHED UPON WRITTEN
REQUEST OF THE CUSTOMERS IN VIOLATION OF THE DICTATES OF MUNICIPAL
SECURITIES RULEMAKING BOARD ("MSRB") RULE G-15; VIOLATED RULE 401 IN THAT IT
FAILED TO ADHERE TO THE PRINCIPLES OF GOOD BUSINESS PRACTICE IN THE CONDUCT
OF ITS BUSINESS AFFAIRS IN THAT: (a) THE FIRM ENCOURAGED INVESTMENT
REPRESENTATIVES TO SELL MUTUAL FUND SHARES BASED IN PART ON THE AMOUNT OF
REVENUE THE FIRM RECEIVED FROM CERTAIN MUTUAL FUND COMPANIES; (b) THE FIRM
FAILED TO ADEQUATELY DISCLOSE THE SOURCE AND AMOUNT OF REMUNERATION RECEIVED
OR TO BE RECEIVED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SALES OF 529 PLANS; VIOLATED
EXCHANGE RULE 342 BY FAILING TO; (a) REASONABLY PROVIDE REVIEW OF
PROSPECTUSES AND STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION OF THE MUTUAL FUNDS
OFFERED BY CERTAIN MUTUAL FUND FAMILIES TO DETERMINE IF THEY ADEQUATELY
DISCLOSED REVENUE SHARING, DIRECTED BROKERAGE PAYMENTS OR THE OTHER
INCENTIVES MADE TO THE FIRM; (b) REASONABLY SUPERVISE ITS BUSINESS
ACTIVITIES, AND TO ESTABLISH AND



<PAGE>
                                     2


MAINTAIN APPROPRIATE PROCEDURES FOR SUPERVISION AND CONTROL WITH RESPECT TO
ITS BUSINESS ACTIVITIES INVOLVING THE LATE TRADING OF MUTUAL FUNDS; VIOLATED
SECTION 17(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT AND SEC RULES 17a-4 AND EXCHANGE RULE 440
BY FAILING TO PRESERVE FOR A PERIOD OF THREE YEARS AND/OR PRESERVE IN AN
EASILY ACCESSIBLE PLACE FOR TWO YEARS, RECORDS OF ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION
RELATING TO THE BUSINESS OF THE FIRM - CONSENT TO A CENSURE, A TOTAL PAYMENT
OF $75,000,000, AND AN UNDERTAKING.

APPEARANCES:

For the Division of Enforcement                     For the Respondent
Susan L. Merrill, Esq.                              Brandon Becker, Esq.
Susan E. Light, Esq.                                Steven Novik
Allison A. Bishop, Esq.
Deanna G. W. Logan, Esq.
William I. Friedman, Esq.

                                   * * *

An Exchange Hearing Panel met to consider a Stipulation of Facts and Consent
to Penalty(1) entered into between the Exchange's Division of Enforcement and
Edward D. Jones & Co., L.P., a member organization ("Edward Jones" or the
"Firm"). For the sole purpose of this disciplinary proceeding, without
admitting or denying guilt, the Firm consented to a finding by the Hearing
Panel that it:

     I.   Violated Section 17(a)(2) of the Securities Act [15 U.S.C.
          Sections 77q(a)(2)] in that Edward Jones, in the offer or sale of
          securities, by the use of means or instruments of transportation
          or communication in interstate commerce or by use of the mails,
          directly or indirectly obtained money or property by means of
          untrue statements of material fact or omissions to state material
          facts necessary in order to make the statements made in light of
          the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

     II.  Violated Section 10b-10 of the Exchange Act [17 C.F.R. Section
          240.10b-10] in that Edward Jones, effected purchases or sales by
          customers of securities without, at or before completion of such
          transactions, giving or sending the customers written notification
          disclosing the sources and amounts of any other remuneration it
          received or was to receive in connection with the transactions.

     III. Engaged in conduct inconsistent with just and equitable principles
          of trade in violation of Exchange Rule 476(a)(6) in that:

<FN>
- -----------------------
(1) That document is a "Stipulation and Consent" as the term is used in
    Exchange Rule 476(g), which authorizes an Exchange Hearing Panel to accept
    findings of fact to which the Parties consented without the presentation of
    evidence or testimony. The findings herein are made pursuant to the Firm's
    offer of settlement and are not binding on any other person or entity in
    this or any other proceeding.



                                     3


          A.   The Firm encouraged investment representatives to sell mutual
               fund shares based in part on the amount of revenue the Firm
               received from certain mutual fund companies;

          B.   The Firm failed to adequately disclose the source and amount
               of remuneration received or to be received in connection with
               the sales of College Savings 529 plans.

          C.   The Firm failed to send or give written confirmations to
               customers, at or before the completion of municipal
               securities transactions, that disclosed either the source and
               amount of any remuneration it received or was to receive in
               connection with the transaction from persons other than the
               customers, or a statement indicating whether it received or
               will receive any such remuneration and that the source and
               amount of such other remuneration will be furnished upon
               written request of the customers in violation of the dictates
               of Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board ("MSRB") Rule G-15.

     IV.  Violated Exchange Rule 401in that it failed to adhere to the
          principles of good business practice in the conduct of its
          business affairs in that:

          A.   The Firm encouraged investment representatives to sell mutual
               fund shares based in part on the amount of revenue the Firm
               received from certain mutual fund companies;

          B.   The Firm failed to adequately disclose the source and amount
               of remuneration received or to be received in connection with
               the sales of 529 plans;

     V.   Violated Exchange Rule 342 by failing to:

          A.   Reasonably provide review of prospectuses and Statement of
               Additional Information of the mutual funds offered by certain
               mutual fund families to determine if they adequately
               disclosed revenue sharing, directed brokerage payments or the
               other incentives made to Edward Jones.

          B.   Reasonably supervise its business activities, and to
               establish and maintain appropriate procedures for supervision
               and control with respect to its business activities involving
               the late trading of mutual funds.

     VI.  Violated Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and SEC Rules 17a-4 and
          Exchange Rule 440 by failing to preserve for a period of three
          years and/or preserve in an easily accessible place for two years,
          records of electronic communication relating to the business of
          the Firm.

For the sole purpose of settling this disciplinary proceeding, without
the Firm admitting or denying any of the facts or matters referred to in the
Stipulation of Facts and Consent to Penalty, the Firm consents to findings,
the substance of which follows:



<PAGE>
                                     4


                        BACKGROUND AND JURISDICTION
                        ---------------------------

     1.   Edward Jones is a registered broker dealer and has been a member
          firm since November 17, 1982 with principal offices located in St.
          Louis, Missouri. Edward Jones has more than 8,000 branch offices
          staffed primarily by one or two registered Investment
          Representatives ("IRs") that provide retail brokerage services
          throughout the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. The
          Firm is the principal operating subsidiary of the Edward Jones
          Financial Companies, L.L.L.P. ("Jones Financial"), a Missouri
          limited partnership whose limited partnership interests are
          registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act. Jones
          Financial holds all of Edward Jones' partnership equity. Jones
          Financial is comprised of approximately 275 general partners,
          5,021 limited partners and 146 subordinated limited partners.

     2.   On or about January 9, 2004, the Exchange notified the Firm in
          writing that the Exchange's Division of Enforcement had opened a
          formal investigation of the Firm in connection with its receipt of
          revenue sharing and sales incentives provided to brokers for the
          promotion and sale of certain mutual funds and late trading of
          mutual funds.

                                  OVERVIEW
                                  --------

     3.   Edward Jones is one of the largest sellers of brokerage-sold
          mutual funds in the United States. Half of all of Edward Jones'
          customers' assets are invested in mutual funds held in brokerage
          accounts and college savings plans established under Section 529
          of the Internal Revenue Code ("529 plans"). Edward Jones'
          customers hold onto their investments for a lengthier period of
          time than customers at other brokerdealers. Edward Jones has
          selling agreements with approximately 240 mutual fund families
          which permit its IRs to sell at least 1,930 different mutual
          funds.

     4.   Prior to the late 1980's, Edward Jones had internally designated
          certain of the mutual fund families with which it had selling
          agreements as "recommended." In the late 1980s, Edward Jones
          approached certain of those mutual fund families ("Preferred
          Families") with which it had long-standing relationships and
          sought to obtain revenue sharing from them. Edward Jones set an
          internal revenue sharing target of 25% of the advisory fees earned
          by those mutual fund families on the mutual fund assets purchased
          or held by Edward Jones' customers, plus in most instances, sought
          an equity interest in their advisers or distributors.

     5.   In addition, the Firm had other supervisory failures in that it
          allowed mutual fund transactions entered after 4:00 p.m. Eastern
          Standard Time to receive the same days net asset value and failed
          to preserve home office and wire e-mails for an eight-month period
          and failed to preserve Internet e-mails for one year.


<PAGE>
                                     5


                  THE PREFERRED MUTUAL FUND FAMILY PROGRAM
                  ----------------------------------------

     6.   By the early 1990s, six mutual fund families had agreed to make
          revenue sharing payments to Edward Jones. Between 1993 and 1996,
          Edward Jones removed one of these fund families and added two new
          fund families to the list of Preferred Families, raising the total
          number of Preferred Families to seven.

     7.   Each of these fund families agreed to make revenue sharing
          payments to Edward Jones in varying amounts up to and in several
          cases meeting Edward Jones' target of 25% of the advisory fees for
          assets purchased or held by Edward Jones' customers. These fees
          were calculated in various ways and by various measures,
          including: a flat fee determined by the fund family based on the
          total fund assets held by Edward Jones customers; 7.5 to 10 basis
          points of average fund assets held by Edward Jones' customers in a
          given year; 12.5 basis points on the gross sales of a Preferred
          Families' mutual funds made by Edward Jones to its customers in a
          given year; or 25% of the advisory fee attributable to the average
          assets of certain Preferred Families' mutual funds held by Edward
          Jones' customers in a given year. One of the Preferred Families
          also agreed to provide Edward Jones an equity interest of at least
          5% in the distributor of its mutual funds if Edward Jones reached
          a certain threshold of sales of its mutual funds; this was later
          changed to profit participation.

     8.   Revenue sharing was a material factor, among others, in the
          selection of at least two of the Preferred Families. Revenue
          sharing was also a material factor, among others, with respect to
          the retention of fund families as Preferred Families. Edward Jones
          periodically sought to negotiate additional revenue sharing
          payments from its Preferred Families.

     9.   Edward Jones' revenue sharing agreements with the Preferred
          Families are and have been highly profitable to Edward Jones.
          Between 1999 and the present, the Firm has collected tens of
          millions of dollars in revenue sharing payments from the Preferred
          Families each year. Most of these payments have been paid directly
          to Edward Jones from the assets of the advisers or distributors
          associated with the Preferred Families. However, for a portion of
          this time period, Edward Jones also received millions of dollars
          in directed brokerage commissions or "step-outs" from three of the
          Preferred Families for distribution of mutual fund shares. In
          these instances, the advisers of these Preferred Families
          instructed the brokerage firm executing portfolio transactions for
          their mutual funds to "step out" of the transactions and direct a
          portion of the commissions for the transactions to Edward Jones.
          These directed brokerage payments ceased in 2003.

     10.  Edward Jones distributed 11% to 12% of its net income, which
          includes net revenue sharing, to its limited partners and 10% to
          12% of its net income to its subordinated limited partners each
          year and the residual is distributed to the general partners.
          Thus, the majority of any revenue sharing received by Edward
          Jones, after operating expenses, was distributed to the Firm's
          general partners some of whom make




<PAGE>
                                     6


          decisions regarding which mutual fund families become "Preferred
          Families" and others of whom are Edward Jones IRs who recommend
          Preferred Families to their customers. During 2003 alone, the
          revenue sharing received by Edward Jones was equivalent to 33% of
          the net income of Edward Jones parent holding company, Jones
          Financial.

     11.  Out of the approximately 240 mutual fund families with which
          Edward Jones has selling agreements, only the seven Preferred
          Families make revenue sharing payments to Edward Jones. These
          payments are in addition to standard sales loads, commissions,
          Rule 12b-1 fees, expense reimbursements and sub-transfer-agent
          fees for maintaining customer account information. Edward Jones
          does not receive any revenue sharing payments from any
          non-preferred mutual fund families. Historically 95% to 98% of
          Edward Jones sales of mutual fund shares have been sales of the
          Preferred Families.

     12.  Edward Jones and its partners have a financial incentive to
          internally promote the sales of mutual funds from the Preferred
          Families over other mutual funds that its IRs can sell. Edward
          Jones promoted to IRs the existence of revenue sharing by
          Preferred Families and encouraged IRs on a case-by-case basis to
          consider revenue sharing in making recommendations to their
          customers to purchase certain mutual funds.

     13.  For example, during the relevant time period, Edward Jones'
          Director of Mutual Fund Marketing described his "greatest
          contribution to the Firm's bottom line" as "the Department's
          ability to continue the focus on selling preferred fund families
          and the subsequent leverage this gives us to negotiate revenue
          sharing programs with vendors." He also represented to the IRs
          that Edward Jones directly passes the revenue sharing income along
          to the "IRs who did the work to get the money in the first place."

     14.  During the "rollouts" of the two newest Preferred Families, a
          general partner of the Firm also made broadcast presentations to
          IRs throughout the country further extolling the benefits the IRs
          receive from the revenue sharing agreements negotiated with these
          Preferred Families.

     15.  At least one newsletter distributed by an Edward Jones' regional
          leader conveyed this message by describing how "[r]evenue sharing
          can contribute large benefits to the Firm in terms of profit and
          bonus." In a January 2000 regional newsletter, a regional leader
          further promoted the sales of mutual funds from Preferred Families
          that provide revenue sharing payments over those that do not
          provide revenue sharing by describing how over a ten year period,
          an IR would receive an additional $256,369 in profit from the
          sales of such mutual funds. During regional and other meetings,
          another of Edward Jones' region leaders, who was also a general
          partner encouraged IRs in his region to sell the mutual funds of
          one Preferred Family over the funds of another Preferred Family
          that paid less revenue sharing.



<PAGE>
                                     7


     16.  Edward Jones' IRs receive credits for the amount of revenue
          sharing that Edward Jones receives from the IRs' proportionate
          sales and customer holdings of funds from the Preferred Families.
          These credits were not directly paid to IRs but were applied as a
          separate line item to the profit and loss statements ("P&Ls")
          prepared for each IR's office. These P&Ls are distributed monthly
          to the IRs and track their profitability to the Firm. An IR's
          profitability to the Firm determines whether the IR is successful
          at Edward Jones and is used as a factor in determining whether the
          IR will be considered for status as a limited partner. In
          addition, three times per year, Edward Jones' IRs are eligible to
          receive bonuses based, in part, on their overall profitability
          which is impacted by their revenue sharing credits. For an IR to
          receive a bonus in any of Edward Jones' three annual bonus
          periods, both the Firm and the particular IR's office must be
          profitable during the period. In addition, if an IR has worked for
          Edward Jones for more than 30 months, the IR also needs to make at
          least $4,000 in profits to become eligible for a bonus. Edward
          Jones' top-producing IRs have received as much as an additional
          $5,000 per bonus period as the part of their bonuses based on
          revenue sharing payments attributable to the IRs' sales and
          customer holdings of funds from Preferred Families to their retail
          customers.

     17.  Edward Jones further offers "diversification contest" trips to its
          IRs two times each year. During these contests, the IRs can
          qualify for a trip by earning points based on, among other things,
          their sales of mutual funds. Once an IR earns a specific number of
          points, the IR "wins" a trip. Although the IRs generally can earn
          contest points for selling any mutual funds or other investment
          product, for a ninety-day period in the fall of 2002, Edward Jones
          only gave mutual fund contest points for the sale of a subset of
          mutual funds from the Preferred Families. One or more of the
          Preferred Families always participate in the sponsorship of the
          diversification trips and make one short training presentation for
          the IRs during each trip. Sponsorship of these trips and other
          meetings provide the Preferred Families with exclusive access to
          and visibility with the IRs.

     18.  The Preferred Families receive certain benefits not otherwise
          available to nonpreferred families. First, Edward Jones
          exclusively promotes the seven Preferred Families on its public
          website and exclusively provides links to the Preferred Families'
          websites on Edward Jones' internal computer system accessible only
          to its IRs. Second, Edward Jones exclusively lists the Preferred
          Families in sales literature and newsletters provided to its
          customers. Third, Edward Jones provides its IRs with research on
          only the seven Preferred Families and maintains a "Preferred Funds
          List" containing the names of approximately 110 mutual funds
          within the Preferred Families that Edward Jones' Product Review
          department recommends for sale to Edward Jones' retail customers.
          Only funds from the seven Preferred Families are considered for
          inclusion on this list. The Product Review department does not
          review any mutual funds from fund families that are not Preferred
          Families for this "Preferred Funds List." Fourth, Edward Jones
          uses only the Preferred Families as examples in its internal
          training sessions for new IRs and only invites representatives
          from the Preferred Families to make presentations at these
          training sessions. Finally, Edward Jones facilitates exclusive
          direct access for the Preferred Families to its IRs



                                     8


          for the dissemination of marketing materials and to answer IRs'
          questions regarding the funds offered by the Preferred Families.

     FAILURE TO DISCLOSE FINANCIAL INCENTIVES TO SELL MUTUAL FUNDS FROM
     ------------------------------------------------------------------
                        THE PREFERRED FUND FAMILIES
                        ---------------------------


     19.  The mutual fund section of Edward Jones' public website lists only
          the seven Preferred Families and provides links to only the
          Preferred Families' websites. In addition, since approximately
          1997, Edward Jones has claimed on its public website that it
          focuses on the seven Preferred Families because: "With nearly
          11,000 mutual funds available, it can be difficult to know which
          fund(s) to pick. That's why at Edward Jones, we focus on seven
          preferred mutual fund families that share our same commitment to
          service, long-term investment objectives, and long-term
          performance."

     20.  During the same time period, Edward Jones did not disclose on its
          website or in any other written document that it prepared, the
          revenue sharing, directed brokerage payments and other payments
          received from the Preferred Families for distribution of mutual
          fund shares as described above. Edward Jones also did not disclose
          the dimensions of the potential financial conflict created by
          these payments.

     21.  Edward Jones and its IRs do not orally disclose to customers the
          revenue sharing, directed brokerage and other payments received by
          Edward Jones in connection with the distribution of mutual fund
          shares or the potential conflict of interest such payments create.

     22.  Instead, Edward Jones claimed to rely on language contained in the
          Preferred Families' prospectuses and Statements of Additional
          Information ("SAIs") to disclose revenue sharing arrangements. At
          all relevant times, Edward Jones required its IRs to provide
          customers with a prospectus at the point-of-sale or with the
          confirmation of sale of any mutual fund; however, the Firm did not
          require its IRs to provide and IRs did not provide customers with
          copies of SAIs unless a customer specifically requested a copy.

     23.  Many of the Preferred Families' prospectuses and SAIs fail to
          disclose adequate information about the source and amount of the
          revenue sharing payments to Edward Jones and the dimensions of the
          resulting potential conflicts of interest. Although the Preferred
          Families' prospectuses and SAIs contained various disclosures
          concerning payments to broker-dealers distributing their funds,
          few of these disclosures adequately described Edward Jones'
          potential conflict of interest.

     24.  During the relevant time period, Edward Jones also has not had
          sufficient procedures in place to ensure that someone with
          appropriate knowledge, experience and authority reviews the
          prospectuses and SAIs of the mutual funds offered by the Preferred
          Families to determine if they adequately disclose revenue sharing
          and directed



<PAGE>
                                     9


          brokerage payments made to Edward Jones or the other incentives
          offered to Edward Jones by the Preferred Families.

             FAILURE TO DISCLOSE REVENUE SHARING PAYMENTS IN THE
             ---------------------------------------------------
                     SALE OF 529 COLLEGE SAVINGS PLANS
                     ---------------------------------

     25.  Since 2000, Edward Jones has offered and sold 529 college savings
          plans to its customers. Offers and sales of 529 plans are
          municipal securities transactions. Prior to September 2004, Edward
          Jones stated on its public website that "the 529 plans available
          through Edward Jones" were three plans offered by three of its
          Preferred Families. Also, prior to September 2004, Edward Jones
          provided additional detailed information on its public website
          about only these three 529 plans. Edward Jones did not list or
          provide information on its website regarding any of the other
          numerous 529 plans that it could sell.

     26.  Edward Jones currently has selling agreements with 14 mutual fund
          companies to sell their 529 plans. However, Edward Jones promotes
          only the 529 plans of the Preferred Families that offer 529 plans,
          two of which pay additional revenue sharing to Edward Jones for
          sales of 529 plans. Edward Jones expressly encourages its IRs to
          sell only the 529 plans of the Preferred Families. In internal
          notices to its IRs announcing the availability of 529 plans from
          non-preferred families, Edward Jones explicitly states: "Edward
          Jones will continue to promote only our preferred vendors' 529
          plans . . . Although we have a selling agreement with [another 529
          plan], they are not one of our preferred vendors. However, if one
          of your clients feel [sic] the advantages of [another 529 plan]
          are important factors in their decision, you can sell it." In
          addition, Edward Jones has made it easier for its IRs to sell and
          service the Preferred Families' 529 plans versus non-preferred 529
          plans.

     27.  At the same time, Edward Jones has failed to disclose on its
          website or in any other written documents prepared by Edward
          Jones, including confirmations of 529 plan sales, the material
          financial incentives to Edward Jones, its partners and its IRs to
          sell 529 plans from certain of the Preferred Families over other
          529 plans that Edward Jones could sell.

     28.  Based on the conduct described above, Edward Jones willfully
          violated:

          a.   Section 17(a)(2) of the Securities Act, which provides that
               it is "unlawful for any person in the offer or sale of any
               securities . . . by the use of any means or instruments of
               transportation or communication in interstate commerce or by
               use of the mails, directly or indirectly . . . to obtain
               money or property by means of any untrue statement of a
               material fact or any omission to state a material fact
               necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of
               the circumstances under which they were made, not
               misleading;"

          b.   Rule 10b-10 under the Exchange Act, which provides in
               pertinent part that it is "unlawful for any broker or dealer
               to effect for or with an account of a customer any
               transaction in, or to induce the purchase or sale by such
               customer of, any



<PAGE>
                                     10


               security . . . unless such broker or dealer, at or before
               completion of such transaction, gives or sends to such
               customer written notification disclosing . . . the source and
               amount of any other remuneration received or to be received
               by the broker in connection with the transaction;" and

          c.   Section 15B(c)(1) of the Exchange Act, which provides that
               "[n]o broker, dealer, or municipal securities dealer shall
               make use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of
               interstate commerce to effect any transaction in, or to
               induce or attempt to induce the purchase or sale of, any
               municipal security in contravention of any rule of the
               [Municipal Securities Rulemaking] Board."

     29.  By virtue of its sales of 529 college savings plans, as described
          above, Edward Jones also contravened the dictates of Municipal
          Securities Rulemaking Board ("MSRB") Rule G-15, which requires a
          broker or dealer to send or give a written confirmation to its
          customer, at or before the completion of a municipal securities
          transaction, that discloses, among other things, either: "(A) the
          source and amount of any remuneration received or to be received .
          . . by the broker [or] dealer . . . in connection with the
          transaction from any person other than the customer, or (B) a
          statement indicating whether any such remuneration has been or
          will be received and that the source and amount of such other
          remuneration will be furnished upon written request of the
          customer."

                     FAILURE TO SUPERVISE LATE TRADING
                     ---------------------------------

     30.  Under the provisions of federal securities laws, mutual fund
          transactions received after 4:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time
          ("EST") are to be given the next day's net asset value (NAV).
          Under a practice commonly known as late trading, a trader may seek
          to profit from market events that occur after 4:00 p.m. but that
          are not reflected in that day's price, by waiting until after 4:00
          p.m. to place a trade order, but arrange to receive that day's
          NAV.

     31.  Prior to November 2003, the Firm permitted IRs to enter mutual
          fund trades after 4:00 p.m. EST and still receive the same day's
          NAV. As a standard operating practice, trades entered in the
          Edward Jones' computer system after 4:00 p.m. EST were
          automatically assigned the next day's NAV. Under certain
          circumstances described below, however, the Firm allowed mutual
          fund transactions entered after 4:00 p.m. EST to be allocated the
          same day's NAV. These transactions were referred to as "released
          trades."

     32.  Prior to November 30, 2003, between 4:01 p.m. EST and 4:45 p.m.
          EST, the Firm allowed IRs to call the Service Division at Edward
          Jones Headquarters and request that a trade entered after the 4:00
          p.m. EST be "released" and allocated the same day's NAV. In order
          to "release" the trade, a Service Division representative was
          required to ask the IRs if the trade order had been received prior
          to 4:00 p.m. EST.


<PAGE>
                                     11


     33.  The Firm had between approximately 75 and 100 service specialists,
          members of an internal support group who had the ability to
          approve released trades. Between May 2003 and November 2003, the
          Firm identified approximately 8,700 instances where an order was
          entered, changed or cancelled after 4:00 P.M. and the execution
          price was based on the same day's NAV. Typically, the only
          question posed to the IR by the service representatives was
          whether the IR received the order prior to 4:00 p.m. EST. Once the
          IR answered the question in the affirmative, the trade was
          released and allocated that day's NAV.

     34.  Beyond released trades, the Firm also permitted trade corrections.
          If a transaction entered by an IR into the Firm's computer system
          prior to 4:00 pm EST had administrative errors, an IR was allowed
          to correct after the fact, among other things, the quantity and
          fund name of the mutual fund trade without any prior supervisory
          approval. Such trade corrections, however, were listed on reports
          provided to the IR's field supervision director (compliance
          supervisor).

     35.  Edward Jones did not have adequate policies and procedures in
          place to approve released trades or to determine whether trades
          were legitimately allocated the same day's NAV until November
          2003.

     36.  The Firm failed to provide the service representatives with
          written policies and/or procedures delineating the criteria for
          approving released trades. Moreover, the Firm had no mechanism to
          document either requests made or approvals granted for the purpose
          of releasing late trades. Edward Jones also did not have policies
          and/or procedures for supervisory review of decisions to grant
          requests for released trades.

     37.  The Firm's failure to adopt specific procedures in order to
          supervise this process properly, resulted in the Firm's inability
          to prevent and detect any abuse of this system by IRs and any
          unlawful late trading that may have existed.

         FAILURE TO PRESERVE AND MAINTAIN ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION
         ---------------------------------------------------------

     38.  Edward Jones has more than 8,000 branch offices staffed primarily
          by one or two registered Investment Representatives. As such, the
          majority of communication between its associated persons is via a
          number of electronic systems maintained by the Firm. The
          electronic communications include "home office" electronic mail
          ("e-mails") (communications used within the home office, that is,
          by headquarters personnel located principally in St. Louis),
          "wires" (communications via the Firm's proprietary in-house
          computer system between IRs and Edward Jones' home office
          personnel), and Internet e-mails for registered representatives.

     39.  Despite the requirements to maintain copies of e-mails (and keep
          such copies readily accessible for two years), Edward Jones failed
          to preserve home office and wire emails for an eight-month period
          and failed to preserve Internet e-mails for one year. Further,
          Edward Jones failed to retain home office e-mails sent and
          received during a nine-month period in a readily accessible place.



<PAGE>
                                     12


                               APPLICABLE LAW
                               --------------

     40.  Section 17(a)(2) of the Securities Act which provides that it is
          "unlawful for any person in the offer or sale of any securities .
          . . by the use of any means or instruments of transportation or
          communication in interstate commerce or by use of the mails,
          directly or indirectly . . . to obtain money or property by means
          of any untrue statement of a material fact or any omission to
          state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
          made, in light of the circumstances under which they made, not
          misleading".

     41.  Rule 10b-10 under the Exchange Act, which provides in pertinent
          part that "it shall be unlawful for any broker or dealer to effect
          for or with an account of a customer any transaction in, or to
          induce the purchase or sale by such customer of, any security . .
          . unless such broker or dealer, at or before completion of such
          transaction, gives or sends to such customer written notification
          disclosing . . . the source and amount of any other remuneration
          received or to be received by the broker in connection with the
          transaction."

     42.  Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board ("MSRB") Rule G-15, which
          requires a broker or dealer to send or give a written confirmation
          to its customer, at or before the completion of a municipal
          securities transaction, that discloses, among other things,
          either: "(A) the source and amount of any remuneration received or
          to be received . . . by the broker [or] dealer . . . in connection
          with the transaction from any person other than the customer, or
          (B) a statement indicating whether any such remuneration has been
          or will be received and that the source and amount of such other
          remuneration will be furnished upon written request of the
          customer."

     43.  Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act requires broker dealers to
          "make and keep for proscribed periods" certain records, and SEC
          Rule 17a-4(b)(4) thereunder requires broker dealers to "preserve
          for a period of not less than 3 years, the final two years in an
          accessible place....[o]riginals of all communications received and
          copies of all communications sent...relating to [the broker
          dealer's] business as such."

     44.  Exchange Rule 401 requires Exchange member organizations to
          "adhere to the principles of good business practice in the conduct
          of his or its business affairs." Similarly, Exchange Rule
          476(a)(6) provides for sanctions if Exchange member organizations
          engage in conduct "inconsistent with just and equitable principles
          of trade."

     45.  Exchange Rule 342 provides that "[e]ach office, department or
          business activity of a member or member organization...shall be
          under the supervision and control of the member or member
          organization establishing it and of the personnel delegated such
          authority and responsibility."

     46.  NYSE Rule 440 requires members to comply with SEC rule 17a-4.


<PAGE>
                                     13


                                  DECISION
                                  --------

The Hearing Panel, in accepting the Stipulation of Facts and Consent to
Penalty, found the Firm guilty as set forth above by unanimous vote.

                                  PENALTY
                                  -------

In view of the above findings, the Hearing Panel, by unanimous vote, imposed
the penalty consented to by the Firm as set forth below:

The imposition by the Exchange, the Securities Exchange Commission ("SEC")
and National Association of Securities Dealers ("NASD") of a sanction of a
censure and a total payment in the amount of $ 75 million, as follows(2)

     1.   $ 37.5 million as a penalty; and

     2.   $ 37.5 million as disgorgement that will be placed into a customer
          reimbursement fund to compensate customers harmed by the Firm's
          violative conduct as set forth herein.

     3.   There shall be, pursuant to Section 308(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
          Act of 2002, a Fair Fund established for the funds described.
          Regardless of whether any such Fair Fund distribution is made,
          amounts ordered to be paid as civil money penalties pursuant to
          this Order shall be treated as penalties paid to the government
          for all purposes, including all tax purposes. To preserve the
          deterrent effect of the civil penalty, Edward Jones agrees that it
          shall not, after offset or reduction in any Related Investor
          Action based on Edward Jones' payment of disgorgement in this
          action, further benefit by offset or reduction of any part of
          Edward Jones' payment of a civil penalty in this action ("Penalty
          Offset"). If the court in any Related Investor Action grants such
          a Penalty Offset, Edward Jones agrees that it shall, within 30
          days after entry of a final order granting the Penalty Offset,
          notify the Commission's counsel in this action and pay the amount
          of the Penalty Offset to the United States Treasury or to a Fair
          Fund, as the Commission directs. Such a payment shall not be
          deemed an additional civil penalty and shall not be deemed to
          change the amount of the civil penalty imposed in this proceeding.
          For purposes of this paragraph, a "Related Investor Action" means
          a private damages action brought against Edward Jones by or on
          behalf of one or more investors based on substantially the same
          facts as alleged in the Order instituted by the Commission in this
          proceeding.

     4.   Pursuant to an escrow agreement not unacceptable to the Exchange,
          Edward Jones shall, within 90 days of the entry of this Order, pay
          the Disgorgement and Penalties into an escrow account as specified
          by the Commission's Order. The escrow



<FN>
- ------------------------
(2) Payment of this pursuant to an order issued in a related SEC proceeding
    (the "Commission's Order") shall be deemed payment in satisfaction of
    this Stipulation and Consent. The terms of the payment and the
    distribution of the penalty and disgorgement amounts are set forth in
    the Commission's Order.



<PAGE>
                                     14


          agreement shall, among other things: (1) require that all funds in
          escrow be invested as soon as reasonably possible and to the
          extent practicable in short-term U.S. Treasury securities with
          maturities not to exceed six months; (2) name an escrow agent who
          shall be appropriately bonded; and (3) provide that escrowed funds
          be disbursed only pursuant to an order of the Commission. Edward
          Jones shall be responsible for all costs associated with the
          escrow agreement and the Fair Fund distribution.

     5.   Respondent Edward Jones agrees that it shall not seek or accept,
          directly or indirectly, reimbursement or indemnification from any
          source including, but not limited to, payment made pursuant to any
          insurance policy, with regard to any penalty amounts that
          Respondent shall pay pursuant to this Order, regardless of whether
          such penalty amounts or any part thereof are added to a
          distribution fund or otherwise used for the benefit of investors.
          Respondent further agrees that it shall not claim, assert, or
          apply for a tax deduction or tax credit with regard to any
          federal, state or local tax for any penalty amounts that
          Respondent shall pay pursuant to this Order, regardless of whether
          such penalty amounts or any part thereof are added to a
          distribution fund or otherwise used for the benefit of investors.

     6.   Within 60 days of the date of the final decision in this matter,
          Edward Jones shall submit to the Independent Consultant for review
          (and simultaneously to the Exchange staff) a plan (Distribution
          Plan) pursuant to which Edward Jones shall administer and
          distribute the monetary sums ordered to be paid. The Distribution
          Plan shall address how such monetary sums shall be distributed to
          benefit customers who purchased through Edward Jones mutual funds
          of the Preferred Mutual Fund Families between January 1, 1999 and
          the date of the entry of the Stipulation and Facts to Consent to
          Penalty. The Distribution Plan shall not be unacceptable to the
          Independent Consultant. If the Independent Consultant finds that
          the Distribution Plan is unacceptable, Edward Jones shall attempt
          in good faith to reach an agreement with the Independent
          Consultant within 90 days of the entry of the Order. In the event
          that Edward Jones and the Independent Consultant are unable to
          agree on an alternative proposal, Edward Jones shall abide by the
          recommendation of the Independent Consultant. The final
          Distribution Plan shall be submitted, and must be acceptable, to
          the Exchange.

The requirement by the SEC, Exchange and NASD that the Firm shall complete
an appropriate undertaking to ensure compliance with federal securities laws
and Exchange rules governing the Firm's business, as follows:

     i.   Edward Jones shall place and maintain on the mutual fund portion
          of its public website within 15 days of the date of entry of this
          Order disclosures regarding its Preferred Mutual Fund Family
          program ("program") to include: (i) the existence of the program;
          (ii) the mutual fund families participating in the program; (iii)
          the amount of revenue sharing payments that Edward Jones receives
          from each of the Preferred Families based on a reasonable estimate
          from historical experience, expressed in basis points or dollars;
          (iv) the total amount of revenue sharing payments


<PAGE>
                                     15


          (expressed in dollars) that Edward Jones receives annually,
          starting with the amount received in 2004 as of the date of this
          Order and updated each year thereafter; (v) the source of such
          payments (fund assets, adviser, distributor, underwriter, etc.);
          (vi) that its IRs and the equity owners of the Firm may benefit
          financially from the revenue sharing payments Edward Jones
          receives; and (vii) that Edward Jones does not receive revenue
          sharing payments from any non-preferred mutual fund families.

     ii.  Edward Jones shall place and maintain on the college savings
          program portion of its public website within 15 days of the date
          of entry of this Order disclosures regarding its Preferred Mutual
          Fund Family program to include: (i) the existence of the program;
          (ii) an identification of the Preferred Families that pay Edward
          Jones revenue sharing for sales of 529 plans; (iii) the amount of
          revenue sharing payments that Edward Jones receives from each of
          these Preferred Families based on a reasonable estimate from
          historical experience, expressed in basis points or dollars; (iv)
          the total amount of revenue sharing payments (expressed in
          dollars) that Edward Jones receives annually, starting with the
          amount received in 2004 as of the date of this Order and updated
          each year thereafter; (v) the source of such payments (fund
          assets, adviser, distributor, underwriter, etc.); (vi) that its
          IRs and the equity owners of the Firm may benefit financially from
          the revenue sharing payments Edward Jones receives; and (vii) that
          Edward Jones does not receive revenue sharing payments from any
          non-preferred mutual fund families.

     iii. Edward Jones shall send the information contained in paragraphs i.
          and ii. above: (i) to its current customers within 60 days
          following the date of entry of this Order and annually thereafter;
          (ii) to new customers upon the opening of an account; (iii) in
          those cases where confirmations are sent out directly by Edward
          Jones, to all customers at or before the completion of each
          transaction in mutual funds and 529 plans, except that Edward
          Jones may send the information quarterly to customers purchasing
          mutual funds pursuant to a periodic plan in compliance with
          Exchange Act Rule 10b-10 and to customers purchasing 529 plans
          pursuant to a periodic municipal fund security plan in compliance
          with MSRB Rule G-15.

     iv.  Edward Jones shall devise and implement within 60 days of the date
          of entry of this Order a policy and set of procedures to ensure
          that Edward Jones is complying with its disclosure obligations
          under this Order, the federal securities laws and the MSRB rules.
          The policy and procedures shall also ensure that all statements
          made on Edward Jones' public website comply with this Order, the
          federal securities laws and the MSRB rules and are otherwise not
          misleading.

     v.   Edward Jones shall devise and implement within 60 days of the date
          of entry of this Order a policy and set of procedures to conduct
          comprehensive reviews of all prospectuses and SAIs issued by the
          Preferred Families on a regular basis to ensure that Edward Jones
          is in compliance with this Order, the federal securities laws and
          the MSRB rules.


<PAGE>
                                     16


     vi.   Edward Jones shall devise and implement within 60 days of the
           date of entry of this Order a policy and set of procedures to
           document the basis for its decisions to add or remove mutual fund
           families from its list of Preferred Families.

     vii.  Edward Jones shall devise and implement within 60 days of the
           date of entry of this Order a policy and set of procedures for
           training its IRs regarding the disclosure of financial incentives
           that Edward Jones, its IRs, general partners and limited partners
           receive from each of the Preferred Families.

     viii. Edward Jones shall retain, within 60 days of the date of entry of
           this Order, the services of an Independent Consultant not
           unacceptable to the Commission's Staff. Edward Jones shall
           exclusively bear all costs, including compensation and expenses,
           associated with the retention of the Independent Consultant.
           Edward Jones shall retain the Independent Consultant to conduct a
           comprehensive review of: (i) the adequacy of the policies and
           procedures that Edward Jones is required to devise and implement
           under this Order; and (ii) whether Edward Jones' receipt and
           disclosure of revenue sharing payments is in compliance with this
           Order, the federal securities laws and the MSRB rules.

     ix.   Edward Jones shall further retain the Independent Consultant to,
           at the conclusion of the review, which in no event shall be more
           than 120 days after the date of entry of this Order, submit to
           Edward Jones and to the Commission's Staff an Initial Report. The
           Initial Report shall address, at a minimum: (i) the adequacy of
           the policies and procedures that Edward Jones is required to
           devise and implement under this Order; and (ii) whether Edward
           Jones' receipt and disclosure of revenue sharing payments is in
           compliance with this Order, the federal securities laws and the
           MSRB rules. The Initial Report must include a description of the
           review performed, the conclusions reached, and the Independent
           Consultant's recommendations for modifications and additions to
           the policies and procedures devised and implemented by Edward
           Jones.

     x.    Within 150 days from the date of the entry of the Order, Edward
           Jones shall in writing advise the Independent Consultant and the
           Commission's Staff of the recommendations from the initial report
           that it is adopting and the recommendations that it considers to
           be unnecessary or inappropriate. With respect to any
           recommendation that Edward Jones considers unnecessary or
           inappropriate, Edward Jones shall explain why the objective or
           purpose of such recommendation is unnecessary or inappropriate
           and provide in writing an alternative policy, procedure, or
           system designed to achieve the same objective or purpose.

     xi.   With respect to any recommendation with which Edward Jones and
           the Independent Consultant do not agree, Edward Jones shall
           attempt in good faith to reach an agreement with the Independent
           Consultant within 180 days from the date of the entry of the
           Order. In the event that the Independent Consultant and Edward
           Jones are unable to agree on an alternative proposal, Edward
           Jones and the Independent Consultant shall jointly confer with
           the Commission's Staff to resolve the matter.


<PAGE>
                                     17


     xii.  Edward Jones shall further retain the Independent Consultant to
           conduct a follow up review and submit a written Final Report to
           Edward Jones and to the Commission's Staff no later than one year
           after the date of entry of this Order. In the Final Report, the
           Independent Consultant shall address Edward Jones' compliance
           with this Order, its implementation of the policies and
           procedures adopted under this Order, and make any further
           recommendations he or she deems necessary. Within 30 days of its
           receipt of the Independent Consultant's Final Report, Edward
           Jones shall adopt the recommendations contained in the Final
           Report.

     xiii. Within 60 days of the date of the entry of this Order, Edward
           Jones shall submit to the Independent Consultant for review (and
           simultaneously to the Commission staff) a plan ("Distribution
           Plan") pursuant to which the Independent Consultant shall
           administer and distribute the monetary sums ordered to be paid
           pursuant to the Penalty section through paragraph 6 above. The
           Distribution Plan shall address how such monetary sums shall be
           distributed to benefit customers who purchased through Edward
           Jones mutual funds of the Preferred Families between January 1,
           1999 and the date of the entry of this Order. The Distribution
           Plan shall not be unacceptable to the Independent Consultant. If
           the Independent Consultant finds that the Distribution Plan is
           unacceptable, Edward Jones shall attempt in good faith to reach
           an agreement with the Independent Consultant within 90 days of
           the entry of this Order. In the event that Edward Jones and the
           Independent Consultant are unable to agree on an alternative
           proposal, Edward Jones shall abide by the recommendation of the
           Independent Consultant. The final Distribution Plan shall be
           submitted, and must be acceptable, to the Commission Staff.

     xiv.  Edward Jones shall cooperate fully with the Independent
           Consultant and shall provide the Independent Consultant with
           access to Edward Jones' files, books, records and personnel as
           reasonably requested by the Independent Consultant.

     xv.   For good cause shown, and upon receipt of a timely application
           from the Independent Consultant or Edward Jones, the Commission's
           Staff may extend any of the procedural dates set forth above

     xvi.  To ensure the independence of the Independent Consultant, Edward
           Jones: (i) shall not have the authority to terminate the
           Independent Consultant, without the prior written approval of the
           Commission's Staff; (ii) shall compensate the Independent
           Consultant, and persons engaged to assist the Independent
           Consultant, for services rendered pursuant to this Order at their
           reasonable and customary rates; (iii) shall not be in and shall
           not have an attorney-client relationship with the Independent
           Consultant and shall not seek to invoke the attorney-client
           privilege or any other doctrine or privilege to prevent the
           Independent Consultant from transmitting any information,
           reports, or documents to the Commission or the Commission's
           Staff.

     xvii. To further ensure the independence of the Independent Consultant,
           Edward Jones shall require the Independent Consultant to enter
           into an agreement that provides that for the period of the
           engagement and for a period of two years from completion of the


<PAGE>
                                     18


           engagement, the Independent Consultant shall not enter into any
           employment, consultant, attorney-client, auditing or other
           professional relationship with Edward Jones, or any of its
           present or former affiliates, directors, officers, employees, or
           agents acting in their capacity. Any firm with which the
           Independent Consultant is affiliated in performance of his or her
           duties under this Order shall not, without prior written consent
           of the Commission's Staff, enter into any employment, consultant,
           attorney-client, auditing or other professional relationship with
           Edward Jones, or any of its present or former affiliates,
           directors, officers, employees, or agents acting in their
           capacity as such for the period of the engagement and for a
           period of two years after the engagement.


                                            For the Hearing Panel



                                            Vincent F. Murphy - Hearing Officer
                                            Panelists:
                                            Joseph C. Gawronski
                                            John P. O'Brien



