
<Page>

            PART 25 - SPECIAL RIGHTS AND RESTRICTIONS ATTACHED TO THE
                           PREFERRED SHARES, SERIES A

25.1     INTERPRETATION

         For the purposes of Part 25 of these share provisions:

         "ACT" means the BRITISH COLUMBIA BUSINESS CORPORATIONS ACT, as amended.

         "BUSINESS DAY" means any day on which commercial banks are open for
         business in Vancouver, British Columbia, other than a Saturday or a
         Sunday.

         "COMMON SHARES" means the common shares in the capital of the Company.

         "COMPANY" means Elephant & Castle Group Inc., a Company existing under
         the laws of British Columbia.

         "COMPANY'S CONVERSION NOTICE" has the meaning given thereto in Section
         25.3(b)(ii).

         "CONVERSION DATE" has the meaning given thereto in Section 25.6(b).

         "CONVERSION RIGHTS" has the meaning given thereto in Section
         25.6(b)(i).

         "DATE OF ISSUANCE" means the date upon which the Preferred Shares,
         Series A, or a warrant for the purchase thereof, was issued.

         "DIRECTORS" means the board of directors of the Company.

         "HOLDER'S CONVERSION NOTICE" has the meaning given thereto in Section
         25.6(b)(i).

         "INDEBTEDNESS" means the Senior Notes and the Term Debt.

         "LIQUIDITY EVENT" means the sale of all or substantially all of the
         assets of the Company.

         "PREFERRED SHARES" means the Preferred Shares, Series A subject to the
         special rights and restrictions as described herein.

         "REDEMPTION DATE" has the meaning given thereto in Section 25.4(b).

         "REDEMPTION NOTICE" has the meaning given thereto in Section 25.4(b).

         "RETRACTION DATE" has the meaning given thereto in Section 25.5(a).

         "RETRACTION NOTICE" has the meaning given thereto in Section 25.5(a).

         "SENIOR NOTES" means the restated and amended senior secured 14%
         convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of U.S.$4,203,879
         million, maturing on December 17, 2009 issued to GE Investment Private
         Placement Partners II.


<Page>
                                      -2-


         "SERIES A CONVERSION RATE" means three (3) Common Shares, subject to
         adjustment pursuant to Section 25.6(f).

         "SERIES A REDEMPTION AMOUNT" has the meaning given thereto in Section
         25.4(a).

         "SERIES A REDEMPTION PRICE" means CDN$2.00, subject to adjustment
         pursuant to Section 25.6(f).

         "TERM DEBT" means the CDN$5 million term loan advanced to the Company
         pursuant to a credit agreement with Crown Life Insurance Company.

25.2     VOTING RIGHTS.

         The holders of the Preferred Shares, Series A shall be entitled as such
to receive notice of and to attend all meetings of the shareholders of the
Company (except meetings at which only holders of another class or series of
shares of the Company are required by law to vote separately as a class or
series) and at each such meeting shall have that number of votes in person or by
proxy for each Preferred Share, Series A held equal to the number of Common
Shares into which such Preferred Shares, Series A may be converted at the Series
A Conversion Rate.

25.3     DIVIDENDS.

         (a)      The holder of the Preferred Shares, Series A, in priority to
                  the holders of the Common Shares, shall be entitled to receive
                  and the Company shall pay thereon, as and when declared by the
                  Directors provided the Indebtedness has been repaid in full,
                  fixed, cumulative cash dividends at the rate of 6% of the
                  Series A Redemption Price per annum payable on the dates to be
                  fixed from time to time by the Directors. The holders of the
                  Preferred Shares, Series A shall not be entitled to any
                  dividends other than or in excess of the fixed, cumulative,
                  cash dividends provided for in this Section 25.3(a).

         (b)      Within 180 days of the repayment in full of the Indebtedness
                  by the Company, and thereafter annually, the Directors shall
                  declare the dividend which has accrued (and has not been
                  declared) on each outstanding Preferred Share, Series A to the
                  date of such declaration.

         (c)      Except with the consent in writing of the holders of all
                  outstanding Preferred Shares, Series A, no dividends shall at
                  any time be declared or paid on or set apart for payment on
                  the Common Shares unless and until all unpaid dividends
                  accrued on the outstanding Preferred Shares, Series A shall
                  have been declared and paid or set apart for payment at the
                  date of such declaration or payment or setting apart for
                  payment of dividends on the Common Shares or on any such other
                  shares.

25.4     REDEMPTION.

         (a)      Subject to the Act and provided that all dividends in respect
                  of the outstanding Preferred Shares, Series A have been
                  declared and paid or set apart for payment, the Company may
                  redeem the whole or any part of the outstanding Preferred

<Page>
                                      -3-


                  Shares, Series A on payment for each share to be redeemed of
                  the Series A Redemption Price, together with all unpaid
                  declared dividends thereon, which for such purpose shall be
                  treated as accruing up to but excluding the date of such
                  redemption, plus a premium of 10 percent of the Series A
                  Redemption Price for each year or part thereof from the Date
                  of Issuance of the Preferred Shares, Series A, to a maximum
                  premium of 50 percent of the Series A Redemption Price (all
                  such sums, collectively, the "Series A Redemption Amount").

         (b)      Unless the holders of the Preferred Shares, Series A to be
                  redeemed having waived notice of redemption, the Company shall
                  give not less than 60 days' notice (the "Redemption Notice")
                  in writing of the redemption of the Preferred Shares, Series A
                  by mailing to each person who, at the date of such mailing, is
                  a registered holder of shares to be redeemed or of warrants
                  for the purchase thereof, a notice of the intention of the
                  Company to redeem the Preferred Shares, Series A. Such notice
                  shall be mailed by ordinary prepaid post addressed to the last
                  address of such holder as it appears on the records of the
                  Company or, in the event of the address of any such holder not
                  appearing on the records of the Company, then to the last
                  known address of such holder; provided, however, that
                  accidental failure or omission to give any such notice to one
                  or more of such holders shall not affect the validity of such
                  redemption. Such notice shall set out the Series A Redemption
                  Amount and the date on which redemption is to take place (the
                  "Redemption Date") and, if part only of the shares held by the
                  person to whom it is addressed is to be redeemed, the number
                  thereof so to be redeemed.

         (c)      On or after the Redemption Date the Company shall pay or cause
                  to be paid to or to the order of the registered holders of the
                  Preferred Shares, Series A to be redeemed, those sums forming
                  part of the aggregate Series A Redemption Amount thereof on
                  presentation and surrender of the certificates for the shares
                  so called for redemption as such place or places as may be
                  specified in such notice, and the certificates for such shares
                  shall thereupon be cancelled, and the shares represented
                  thereby shall thereupon be redeemed.

         (d)      No partial redemption of the outstanding Preferred Shares,
                  Series A may at any time be made except with the unanimous
                  prior written consent of all holders of the Preferred Shares,
                  Series A and the holders of any outstanding warrants for the
                  purchase thereof. If a part only of the Preferred Shares,
                  Series A represented by any certificate shall be redeemed, a
                  new certificate for the balance shall be issued at the expense
                  of the Company.

         (e)      From and after the date specified for redemption in any such
                  notice, the holders of the Preferred Shares, Series A called
                  for redemption shall cease to be entitled to dividends and
                  shall not be entitled to exercise any rights in respect
                  thereof, except to receive the Series A Redemption Amount per
                  share, unless payment of the Series A Redemption Amount per
                  share shall not be made by the Company in accordance with the
                  foregoing provisions, in which case the rights of the holders
                  of such shares shall remain unimpaired.


<Page>
                                      -4-


         (f)      The Company shall have the right at any time after the mailing
                  of any such notice of intention to redeem any Preferred
                  Shares, Series A, to deposit the aggregate Series A Redemption
                  Amount for the Preferred Shares, Series A represented by
                  certificates which have not at the date of deposit been
                  surrendered by the holders thereof in connection with such
                  redemption, in a special account with any chartered bank or
                  trust company in Canada named in such notice of redemption,
                  such Series A Redemption Amount to be paid without interest to
                  or to the order of the respective holders of such shares
                  called for redemption upon presentation and surrender to such
                  bank or trust company of the certificates representing such
                  shares. Upon such deposit being made, the Preferred Shares,
                  Series A in respect whereof such deposit shall have been made
                  shall be deemed redeemed and the rights of the holders
                  thereof, after such deposit, shall be limited to receiving,
                  without interest, their proportionate part of the aggregate
                  Series A Redemption Amount, so deposited against presentation
                  and surrender of such certificates held by them respectively.
                  Any interest allowed on any such deposit shall belong to the
                  Company.

25.5     RETRACTION.

         (a)      Commencing on the date which is 135 days following the close
                  of the Company's second fiscal year after repayment in full by
                  the Company of the Indebtedness (the "Retraction Period"), any
                  holder of Preferred Shares, Series A, may, at the holder's
                  option, upon giving at least 20 Business Days before the date
                  specified for redemption (the "Retraction Date") to the
                  Company at its Registered Office written notice thereof (the
                  "Retraction Notice"), require the Company to redeem at any
                  time the whole or from time to time any part of the Preferred
                  Shares, Series A held by the holder by payment of the Series A
                  Redemption Amount for each share to be redeemed. Within 20
                  Business Days of the commencement of the Retraction Period,
                  the Company shall send a notice to all of the holders of the
                  Preferred Shares, Series A and holders of outstanding warrants
                  for the purchase thereof stating that the Retraction Period
                  has commenced. The Retraction Notice shall set out the
                  Retraction Date and if only part of the Preferred Shares,
                  Series A held by such holder is to be redeemed, the number
                  thereof so to be redeemed.

         (b)      On the Retraction Date, the Company shall pay or cause to be
                  paid to or to the order of to the registered holder of the
                  Preferred Shares, Series A to be redeemed, the Series A
                  Redemption Amount for each such share, on presentation and
                  surrender at the Registered Office of the Company of the
                  certificate(s) for such holder's Preferred Shares, Series A to
                  be redeemed. Payment of sums forming part of the Series A
                  Redemption Amount (less any amount required to be withheld by
                  the Company) for the Preferred Shares, Series A to be redeemed
                  shall be made by cheque payable to the holder thereof at par
                  at any branch of the Company's bankers in Canada. Such cheque
                  shall discharge all liability of the Company for the Series A
                  Redemption Amount, to the extent of the amount represented
                  thereby, unless such cheque is not paid on due presentation.
                  Such Preferred Shares, Series A shall thereupon be deemed to
                  be redeemed and shall be cancelled.


<Page>
                                      -5-


         (c)      From and after the Retraction Date, the Preferred Shares,
                  Series A so redeemed shall cease to be entitled to dividends
                  and shall not be entitled to exercise any of the rights of the
                  holders in respect thereof unless payment of the Series A
                  Redemption Amount shall not be made upon presentation of
                  certificate(s) in accordance with the foregoing provisions, in
                  which case the rights of the holder shall remain unaffected.

         (d)      If a part only of the shares represented by any certificate
                  are redeemed, a new certificate for the balance shall be
                  issued at the expense of the Company.

         (e)      If a holder of Preferred Shares, Series A gives a Retraction
                  Notice but fails to present the certificate(s) for such
                  holder's Preferred Shares, Series A to be redeemed on the
                  Retraction Date, the Retraction Notice given by such holder
                  shall be null and void and the Company shall have no
                  obligation to make the redemption called for in the Retraction
                  Notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have
                  the right to proceed with such redemption notwithstanding such
                  failure. If the Company elects to proceed, the Company shall
                  deposit the Series A Redemption Amount for the Preferred
                  Shares, Series A to be redeemed in a special account
                  maintained by the Company with any chartered bank or trust
                  company in Vancouver, British Columbia (the "Trustee"), to be
                  paid without interest to or to the order of the holder of such
                  Preferred Shares, Series A upon presentation and surrender to
                  the Trustee of the certificate(s) representing such shares.
                  Upon such deposit being made, the Preferred Shares, Series A
                  in respect of which such deposit shall have been made shall
                  thereupon be deemed to be redeemed and shall be cancelled. The
                  rights of the holder thereof after such deposit shall be
                  limited to receiving without interest the amount so deposited
                  upon presentation and surrender to the Trustee of the
                  certificate(s) representing the Preferred Shares, Series A to
                  be redeemed. Any interest allowed on any such deposit shall
                  belong to the Company.

         (f)      If the Company shall fail to redeem any Preferred Shares,
                  Series A required to be redeemed by it within 30 days of the
                  Retraction Date, then until such time as the Company shall
                  have redeemed all such shares so called for redemption, the
                  dividend payable to the holders of the Preferred Shares,
                  Series A to be redeemed shall thereafter be preferential and
                  cumulative computed from the Retraction Date.

         (g)      Notwithstanding anything contained in this Part, the Company
                  shall be under no obligation to redeem any Preferred Shares,
                  Series A to the extent that such redemption would, in the
                  reasonable opinion of the Directors, be in violation of the
                  laws of the Act or any other applicable law.

         (h)      Any redemption monies that are represented by a cheque which
                  has not been presented to the Company's bankers for payment or
                  that otherwise remains unclaimed (including monies held on
                  deposit to a special account) for a period of six years from
                  the Retraction Date shall be forfeited to the Company.


<Page>
                                      -6-


25.6     CONVERSION RIGHTS

         (a)      The holders of Preferred Shares, Series A have the conversion
                  rights set out in this Section 25.6 (the "Conversion Rights").

         (b)      Each outstanding Preferred Share, Series A shall be converted
                  into Common Shares at the Series A Conversion Rate on the date
                  (the "Conversion Date") which is the earliest of:

                  (i)      the date which is specified for conversion in written
                           notice given to the Company at its Registered Office
                           (the "Holder's Conversion Notice") which shall in any
                           event be no less than 20 Business Days following the
                           delivery of such written notice, requiring the
                           Company to convert the whole or from time to time any
                           part of the Preferred Shares, Series A held by the
                           holder into Common Shares; and

                  (ii)     the date which is 20 Business Days following written
                           notice (the "Company's Conversion Notice") by the
                           Company to all of the holders of the Preferred
                           Shares, Series A and holders of outstanding warrants
                           for the purchase thereof of the repayment in full by
                           the Company of the Indebtedness, provided that no
                           such notice may be given unless:

                           (A)      the Company shall have achieved earnings
                                    before interest, taxes, depreciation, and
                                    amortization of not less than U.S.$3.5
                                    million in the last fiscal year prior to
                                    such notice being given; and

                           (B)      the Common Shares may be issued without
                                    legend and without stop against retransfer
                                    by prior registration under the United
                                    States Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
                                    (the "Securities Act") or an application
                                    exemption from registration under the
                                    Securities Act and any other applicable
                                    securities legislation.

         (c)      Following receipt by the Company of the Holder's Conversion
                  Notice or delivery by the Company of the Company's Conversion
                  Notice, as the case may be, the Preferred Shares, Series A
                  which are the subject of such notice shall be converted into
                  Common Shares automatically without further action by the
                  holders thereof without adjustment for accrued dividends, if
                  any, and whether or not the certificates representing the
                  Preferred Shares, Series A are surrendered to the Company or
                  its transfer agent, if any.

         (d)      Conversion pursuant to Section 25.6(c) shall be carried out
                  only upon the following terms:


<Page>
                                      -7-


                  (i)      On or about the Conversion Date, the Company shall
                           give to the holder written notice of conversion
                           stating the number of Preferred Shares, Series A
                           registered in the name of the holder and the number
                           of Common Shares to which such shares have been
                           converted;

                  (ii)     The Company shall, as soon as practicable thereafter,
                           mail share certificates for such Common Shares,
                           registered in the name of such holder, by ordinary
                           prepaid post to the last address of such holder as it
                           appears on the records of the Company;

                  (iii)    The conversion shall be deemed to have been made
                           immediately prior to the close of business on the
                           Conversion Date and the person(s) entitled to receive
                           the Common shares issuable upon the conversion shall
                           be treated for all purposes as the holder(s) of
                           record of the Common Shares on that date; and

                  (iv)     As of and from the Conversion Date, the holder shall
                           not be entitled to exercise any of the rights in
                           respect of the Preferred Shares, Series A so
                           exchanged.

         (e)      Fractional shares shall not be issued upon any conversion.

         (f)      If the Company effects a consolidation or subdivision of the
                  number of outstanding Common Shares into a lesser or greater
                  number, then the Series A Conversion Rate shall be decreased
                  or increased proportionately, as the case may be. If the
                  Common Shares issuable upon the exchange of the Preferred
                  Shares, Series A are changed into shares of any other
                  class(es) in the capital of the Company, whether by capital
                  reorganization, amalgamation, consolidation, merger or sale of
                  assets or otherwise then the holder of each Preferred Share,
                  Series A shall have the right thereafter to convert the share
                  into the kind and number of shares, other securities and
                  property receivable upon the reorganization, reclassification
                  or other change as would the holder of the number of Common
                  Shares into which the Preferred Shares, Series A might have
                  been converted immediately prior to the reorganization,
                  reclassification or change, but subject to further adjustment
                  as otherwise provided in this Section 25.6(f).

         (g)      If at any time and from time to time there is (i) an
                  amalgamation, consolidation or merger of the Company with or
                  into another Company or (ii) the sale of all or substantially
                  all of the properties and assets of Company to any other
                  person, then the Company shall provide that the holders of the
                  Preferred Shares, Series A shall thereafter be entitled to
                  receive upon exchange of the Preferred Shares, Series A the
                  number of shares or other securities or property of the
                  Company or of the successor Company resulting from the
                  amalgamation, consolidation, merger or sale to which a holder
                  of Common Shares deliverable upon exchange would have been
                  entitled. In any such event, appropriate adjustments shall be
                  made in the application of the provisions with respect to the
                  rights of the holders of the


<Page>
                                      -8-


                  Preferred Shares, Series A after the reorganization,
                  amalgamation, merger, consolidation or sale, as the case may
                  be, so that the provisions of the articles of the Company,
                  without limitation, adjustment of the Series A Conversion Rate
                  then in effect and the number of Common Shares to be obtained
                  by conversion of the Preferred Shares, Series A shall apply
                  after the event as nearly equivalent as may be practicable.

25.7     PARTICIPATION UPON LIQUIDATION, DISSOLUTION OR WINDING-UP.

         In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the
Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, or any other distribution of assets
of the Company among its shareholders for the propose of winding-up its affairs
or upon the occurrence of a Liquidity Event, the holders of the Preferred
Shares, Series A shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to the Series A
Redemption Amount in respect of each Preferred Share, Series A held, together
with all unpaid cumulative dividends, whether or not declared, which shall have
accrued thereon and which, for such purposes, shall be treated as accruing up to
but excluding the date of such liquidation, dissolution, winding-up,
distribution of assets or Liquidity Event, before any distribution of any part
of the assets of the Company among the holders of the Common Shares or shares of
any other class ranking junior to the Preferred Shares, Series A. Except as
provided in this Section 25.7, holder of Preferred Shares, Series A shall not be
entitled to any further participation in the assets of the Company.

25.8     WITHHOLDING RIGHTS

         Notwithstanding anything herein inconsistent with this Part 25, the
Company shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any dividend or other
amount payable to any holder of Preferred Shares, Series A such amounts as the
Company is required to deduct and withhold with respect to such payment under
any provision of provincial, federal, territorial, state, local or foreign tax
law. Any amounts so deducted and withheld shall be treated for all purposes
hereof as having been paid to the holder of the Preferred Shares, Series A in
respect of which such deduction and withholding was made, provided that such
withheld amounts are actually remitted to the appropriate taxing authority. To
the extent that the amount so required to be deducted and withheld from any
payment to a holder exceeds the cash portion of the amount otherwise payable to
the holder, the Company is hereby authorized to sell or otherwise disposed of
such portion of the amount otherwise payable as is necessary to provide
sufficient funds to the Company to enable it to comply with such deduction and
withholding requirement and the Company shall notify the holder thereof and
remit to such holder any unapplied balance of the net proceeds of such sale.


