

                                            [MEDIABAY LOGO]
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

                  NASDAQ TO CONTINUE LISTING MEDIABAY SHARES ON
                           THE NASDAQ NATIONAL MARKET
                   THE COMPANY WILL NOT EFFECT A REVERSE SPLIT

CEDAR KNOLLS, NJ - DECEMBER 20, 2004 -- MediaBay, Inc. (Nasdaq: MBAY), a leading
media,  marketing and publishing  company  specializing in spoken audio content,
announced  today that on December  16, 2004 it received a  determination  letter
from the staff of Nasdaq  indicating  that the Company has evidenced  compliance
with all  requirements  necessary for continued  listing on The Nasdaq  National
Market.  On or before  December 17, 2004, the Company was required to evidence a
closing  bid price of at least  $1.00 per share for a minimum of 10  consecutive
trading  days.  The Company has  evidenced a closing bid price of at least $1.00
per  share  since   November  30,   2004.   Accordingly,   the  Nasdaq   Listing
Qualifications Panel has determined to continue listing the Company's securities
on The Nasdaq National Market.

At the  Company's  annual  meeting,  held  December 15, 2004,  the  shareholders
approved a proposal granting the Company's  directors the authority to amend the
Company's  Certificate  of  Incorporation  to  effect  a  reverse  split  of the
Company's  common  stock.  The reason for the reverse  split was to increase the
market share of the  Company's per share market price of its common stock if the
closing bid price had failed to exceed  $1.00 as  required by Nasdaq.  Since the
Company has met the Nasdaq listing  requirements  without a reverse  split,  the
Company's  Board of Directors has determined  that the Company will not effect a
reverse split.

ABOUT MEDIABAY

MediaBay,  Inc.  (Nasdaq:  MBAY) is a  multi-channel,  media  marketing  company
specializing  in  the  $800  million  audiobook   industry  and  old-time  radio
distribution.  MediaBay's  industry-leading content library includes over 50,000
classic  radio  programs,  3,500 film and  television  programs and thousands of
audiobooks.  MediaBay  has begun  digitizing  and encoding its library of spoken
word content and once the content is digitized,  the Company  expects to make it
available for download on the many evolving  music  services and content  stores
that are proliferating on the Internet. For more information on MediaBay, please
visit       http://www.MediaBay.com      or      its      subsidiary      sites:
http://www.audiobookclub.com,          http://www.radiospirits.com,          and
http://www.radioclassics.com.

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements in this press release constitute "forward-looking" statements
that  involve a number  of known  and  unknown  risks,  uncertainties  and other
factors which may cause MediaBay's  actual results,  performance or achievements
to be  materially  different  from any  results,  performances  or  achievements
express or implied by such forward-looking statements. All statements other than
statements of historical facts included in this press release including, without
limitation,   statements  regarding  our  future  financial  position,  business
strategy,  budgets,  projected  costs  and plans and  objectives  of  MediaBay's
management for future operations are  forward-looking  statements.  In addition,
forward-looking   statements   generally   can  be  identified  by  the  use  of
forward-looking   terminology  such  as  "may,"  "will,"   "expect,"   "intend,"
"estimate,"  "anticipate,"  "believe," or "continue" or the negative  thereof or
variations  thereon or similar  terminology.  Important factors that could cause
actual  results  to  differ  materially  from  expectations,   include,  without
limitation,  MediaBay's  history of losses; the success of its new digital media
distribution strategy and new Larry King initiatives,  its ability to anticipate
and  respond to changing  customer  preferences,  license and produce  desirable
content, protect our databases and other intellectual property from unauthorized
access, collect receivables;  dependence on third-party providers, suppliers and
distribution  channels;  competition;  the costs and  success  of our  marketing
strategies;  product  returns;  member attrition and other risks detailed in its
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. Undue reference
should not be placed on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of
the date hereof. MediaBay undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements.

CONTACTS:

Jeffrey Dittus, MediaBay, CEO, 973-539-9528,
Tim Clemensen, Rubenstein Investor Relations, 212-843-9337

                                      # # #

