
  AMENDED 1996 EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN OF PENNSYLVANIA COMMERCE BANCORP, INC
                               AS APPROVED IN 2001

1.       Purpose of Plan
         ---------------

         The purpose of this Plan is to enable Pennsylvania Commerce Bancorp,
         Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "Commerce") to continue to compete
         successfully in attracting and retaining key employees with outstanding
         abilities by making it possible for them to purchase shares of
         Commerce's Common Stock on terms which will give them a more direct and
         continuing interest in the future success of Commerce.

2.       Definitions
         ------------

         "Commerce" means Pennsylvania Commerce Bancorp, Inc., a Pennsylvania
         corporation and bank holding company.

         "Board" means the Board of Directors of Commerce.

         "Committee" means a committee established by the Board. The Committee
         shall consist of three or more members of the Board. No member of the
         Committee may receive Options under the Plan. The Personnel Committee
         may be the Committee if it meets these qualifications.

         "Employees" means employees, including officers, regularly employed on
         a salary basis by Commerce. "Employment with Commerce", or words to
         that effect, shall include employment by any subsidiary or affiliate of
         Commerce.

         "Fair Market Value" of a share of Commerce's Common Stock shall mean
         its closing sale price on the principal stock exchange on which the
         stock is traded on the date as of which the value is being determined.
         If there is no reported sale on that date, the Fair Market Value shall
         be the closing sale on the next preceding day for which a sale was
         reported. However, the Committee, in the good faith exercise of its
         discretion, may determine that the closing sale price does not reflect
         the true Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock. If it so
         determines, the Fair Market Value shall be the average closing sale
         price on the principal stock exchange on which Commerce's Common Stock
         is traded during the twenty (20) day period immediately preceding the
         date on which Fair Market Value is being determined.
         "ISO" means an incentive stock option described in Section 422 of the
         Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

         "NQSO" means a stock option, which is not described in Section 422 of
         the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

         "Option" means an option, either in the form of an ISO or NQSO, granted
         in accordance with the terms of this Plan.

         "Optionee" means a person to whom an option has been granted under this
         Plan, which has not expired or been fully exercised or surrendered.

         "Shares" means shares of Common Stock of Commerce.

3.       Limits on Number of Shares
         --------------------------

         The total number of Shares for which Options may be granted under this
         Plan shall not exceed in the aggregate 527,369 Shares. This number
         shall be appropriately adjusted if the number of issued Shares shall be
         increased or reduced by change in par value, combination, or split-up,
         reclassification, distribution of a dividend payable in stock, or the
         like. Shares covered by Options, which have expired, or which have been
         surrendered may again be optioned under this Plan. Options may be
         granted in the form of ISOs or NQSOs.


<PAGE>


4.       Adjustment of Options
         ---------------------

         The number of Shares optioned from time to time to individual Optionees
         under the Plan, and the Option prices therefor, shall be appropriately
         adjusted to reflect any changes in par value, combination, split-up,
         reclassification, distribution of dividend payable in stock, or the
         like.

5.       Granting of Options
         -------------------

         The Board, or if the Board so determines, the Committee, is authorized
         to grant Options to selected employees pursuant to this Plan during the
         calendar year 1996 and in any calendar year thereafter to December 31,
         2005. The number of Shares, if any, optioned in each year, the
         employees to whom Options are granted, and the number of Shares
         optioned to each employee selected shall be wholly within the
         discretion of the Board or the Committee. The Board may grant both ISOs
         and NQSOs to the same employee. Board action on Options and
         administration of this Plan shall be only upon the advice and
         recommendation of the Committee if the Board has appointed a Committee.

6.       Terms of ISOs
         -------------

         ISOs granted under this Plan shall contain the following terms:

         (a)      The ISO price shall be fixed by the Board or the Committee but
                  shall in no event be less than 100% of the fair market value
                  of the Shares subject to the ISO on the date the ISO is
                  granted. The ISO price, in the case of an Optionee who, at the
                  time the Option is granted, owns more than 10% of the
                  outstanding Shares of Commerce's Common Stock shall be at
                  least 110% of the fair market value of the Shares subject to
                  the ISO on the date the ISO is granted.

         (b)      ISOs shall not be transferable otherwise than by will or by
                  the laws of descent and distribution. No ISO shall be subject,
                  in whole or in part, to attachment, execution or levy of any
                  kind.

         (c)      Each ISO shall expire and all rights under the ISO shall end
                  at the expiration of the exercise period for the ISO, which
                  shall not be more than ten years after the date on which it
                  was granted. Provided, however, that in the case of an
                  Optionee who, at the time the Option is granted, owns more
                  than 10% of the outstanding shares of Commerce's Common Stock,
                  ISOs shall expire no more than five years after the date on
                  which the ISO was granted.

         (d)      ISOs shall be exercisable only by the Optionee during the
                  Optionee's lifetime. ISOs may be exercised only while employed
                  by Commerce or within (i) three years after retirement, or
                  (ii) three months after termination of employment (but in any
                  event not later than the end of the period fixed by the Board
                  or the Committee of the Board in accordance with the
                  provisions of paragraph (c) of Section 6. An ISO is
                  exercisable by retired or terminated Optionees only to the
                  extent the ISO was exercisable by the Optionee on the last day
                  of his or her employment with Commerce. For purposes of this
                  paragraph (d), retirement shall mean termination of employment
                  by an Optionee who has attained age 62. If an Optionee retires
                  due to disability, the ISOs granted to the Optionee shall be
                  exercisable within 12 months of the date of retirement (but in
                  any event not later than the end of the period fixed by the
                  Board or the Committee of the Board in accordance with the
                  provisions of paragraph (c) of this Section 6.

         (e)      If an Optionee dies within a period during which an ISO could
                  have been exercised by the Optionee, the ISO may be exercised
                  within three years after the Optionee's death (but not later
                  than the end of the period fixed by the Board or the Committee
                  of the Board in accordance with the provisions of paragraph
                  (c) of this Section 6) by those entitled under the Optionee's
                  will or the laws of descent and distribution, but only if and
                  to the extent the ISO was exercisable by the Optionee
                  immediately prior to the Optionee's death.


<PAGE>



         (f)      If Optionee's employment with Commerce is terminated by
                  Commerce for the misconduct of Optionee, all ISOs granted to
                  the Optionee prior to termination shall be forfeited by
                  Optionee and rendered unexercisable.

         (g)      ISOs may be exercised in whole or in part from time to time,
                  subject to the provisions of this Plan and to such additional
                  or different terms regarding the exercise of the ISOs as the
                  Board or the Committee of the Board may fix at the time of
                  grant.

         (h)      ISOs shall not be granted to any individual pursuant to this
                  Plan, the effect of which would be to permit that individual
                  first to exercise ISOs, in any calendar year, for the purchase
                  of Shares having a fair market value in excess of $100,000
                  (determined at the time of the grant of the ISOs. Any Optionee
                  may exercise ISOs for the purchase of Shares valued in excess
                  of $100,000 (determined at the grant of the ISOs) in any
                  calendar year, but only if the right to exercise the ISOs
                  shall have first become available in prior calendar years.

7.       Terms of NQSOs.
         ---------------

                  NQSOs granted under this Plan shall contain the following
terms:

                  (a)      The NQSO price shall be fixed by the Board or the
                           Committee, and may be less than 100% of the fair
                           market of the Shares subject to the NQSO on the date
                           the NQSO is granted.

                  (b)      NQSOs shall not be transferable otherwise than by
                           will or by the laws of descent and distribution. No
                           NQSO shall be subject, in whole or in part, to
                           attachment, execution or levy of any kind.

                  (c)      Each NQSO shall expire and all rights under the NQSO
                           shall end at the expiration of the exercise period
                           for the NQSO, which shall not be more than ten years
                           after the date on which it was granted. The Board or
                           the Committee shall establish the exercise period for
                           each NQSO, subject in all cases to paragraphs (d),
                           (e) and (f) of this Section 7.

                  (d)      NQSOs shall be exercisable only by the Optionee
                           during the Optionee's lifetime. NQSOs may be
                           exercised only while employed by Commerce or within
                           (i) three years after retirement, or (ii) three
                           months after termination of employment (but in any
                           event not later than the end of the period fixed by
                           the Board or the Committee of the Board in accordance
                           with the provisions of paragraph (c) of Section 7).
                           An NQSO is exercisable by retired or terminated
                           Optionees only to the extent the NQSO was exercisable
                           by the Optionee on the last day of his or her
                           employment with Commerce. For purposes of this
                           paragraph (d), retirement shall mean termination of
                           employment by an Optionee who has attained age 62. If
                           an Optionee retires due to disability, the NQSOs
                           granted to the Optionee shall be exercisable within
                           12 months of the date of retirement (but in any event
                           not later than the end of the period fixed by the
                           Board or the Committee of the Board in accordance
                           with the provisions of paragraph (c) of this Section
                           7).

                  (e)      If an Optionee dies within a period during which an
                           NQSO could have been exercised by the Optionee, the
                           NQSO may be exercised within three years after the
                           Optionee's death (but not later than the end of the
                           period fixed by the Board or the Committee of the
                           Board in accordance with the provisions of paragraph
                           (c) of this Section 7) by those entitled under the
                           Optionee's will or the laws of descent and
                           distribution, but only if and to the extent the NQSO
                           was exercisable by the Optionee immediately prior to
                           the Optionee's death.

                  (f)      If Optionee's employment with Commerce is terminated
                           by Commerce for the misconduct of Optionee, all NQSOs
                           granted to the Optionee prior to termination shall be
                           forfeited by Optionee and rendered unexercisable.


<PAGE>


                  (g)      NQSOs may be exercised in whole or in part from time
                           to time, subject to the provisions of this Plan and
                           to such additional or different terms regarding the
                           exercise of the NQSOs as the Board or the Committee
                           of the Board may fix at the time of grant.

8.       Vesting of Options
         ------------------

         (a) Options Granted Prior to January 1, 2005.

         No Option granted under this Plan may be exercised within one year from
         the date of the grant of the Option. Options held more than one year
         may be exercised based upon years of service or upon the Option holding
         period, whichever is sooner, pursuant to the following schedule:

             Years of Service                                     Percent Vested
             ----------------                                     --------------

    Less than 3 years                                                       25%
    More than 3 years and less than 6 years                                 50
    More than 6 years and less than 8 years                                 75
    More than 8 years                                                      100

                Option Holding Period                             Percent Vested
                ---------------------                             --------------

    Less than 1 year                                                         0%
    More than 1 year and less than 2 years                                  25
    More than 2 years and less than 3 years                                 50
    More than 3 years and less than 4 years                                 75
    More than 4 years                                                      100

    (b) Options Granted After January 1, 2005.

    No Option granted under this Plan may be exercised within one year from
    the date of the grant of the Option. Options held more than one year
    may be exercised based upon the Option holding period, pursuant to the
    following schedule:

               Option Holding Period                              Percent Vested
               ---------------------                              --------------

    Less than 1 year                                                         0%
    More than 1 year and less than 2 years                                  25
    More than 2 years and less than 3 years                                 50
    More than 3 years and less than 4 years                                 75
    More than 4 years                                                      100



9.       Exercise Eligibility Period Following Termination of Employment
         ----------------------------------------------------------------

         Options granted under this Plan less than one year prior to date of
         termination of employment are not exercisable under any circumstances.
         Options granted at least one year prior to termination of employment
         must be exercised prior to the expiration date of the Option and within
         the period set forth below depending upon the reason for termination:



<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>



                                                                           Exercise Eligibility
                                          Options Eligible                 Period for Option
         Termination Reason                for Exercise                     Tax Treatment
         ------------------               --------------                   -----------------

<S>                                       <C>                                <C>
         Retirement                       100% of outstanding                3 years from
                                          Options                            retirement date

         Death while employed             100% of outstanding                3 years from
                                          Options                            date of death

         Total & permanent                100% of outstanding                1 year from term-
         disability                       Options                            ination date

         Misconduct                       None                               Not applicable

         Any other reason                 Any Option 100% vest-              3 months from
                                          ed plus the vested                 termination date
                                          portion of the next
                                          oldest Option

</TABLE>


10.      Reorganization of Commerce
         --------------------------

         In the event that Commerce is succeeded by another corporation or bank
         in a reorganization, merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or
         stock, separation or liquidation, the successor corporation or bank
         shall assume the outstanding Options granted under this Plan or shall
         substitute new Options for them.

11.      Delivery of Shares
         --------------------------

         No Shares shall be delivered upon the exercise of an Option until the
         Option price has been paid in full in cash or, at the discretion of the
         Board or the Committee, in whole or in part in Commerce's Common Stock
         owned by the Optionee valued at fair market value on the date of
         exercise. If required by the Board, no Shares will be delivered upon
         the exercise of an Option until the Optionee has given Commerce a
         satisfactory written statement that he is purchasing the Shares for
         investment and not with a view to the sale or distribution of Shares.

12.      Continuation of Employment
         --------------------------

         Neither this Plan nor any Option granted under this Plan shall confer
         upon any employee any right to continue in the employ of Commerce or
         limit in any respect the right of Commerce or to terminate the
         employee's employment at any time.
13.      Administration

         The Board or the Committee may make rules and regulations and establish
         procedures as it deems appropriate for the administration of this Plan.
         In the event of a disagreement as to the interpretation of this Plan,
         any amendment thereto, any rule, regulation or procedure thereunder, or
         as to any right or obligation arising from or related to this Plan, the
         decision of the Board or the Committee shall be final and binding upon
         all persons in interest, including Commerce, Optionees, and
         shareholders of Commerce.

14.      Reservation of Shares
         ----------------------

         Shares delivered upon the exercise of an Option shall, in the
         discretion of the Board or the Committee, be either authorized but
         unissued Shares, or previously issued Shares acquired by Commerce
         through purchase in the open market or otherwise, or a combination of
         both. Commerce shall be under no obligation to reserve or to retain in
         its treasury any particular number of Shares at any time, and no
         particular Shares, whether unissued or held as treasury Shares, shall
         be identified as those optioned under this Plan.



<PAGE>


15.      Amendment of Plan
         -----------------

         The Board without further action by the shareholders may amend this
         Plan from time to time as it deems desirable. However, no amendment
         shall increase the maximum number of Shares for which Options may be
         granted, reduce the minimum Option price, extend the maximum Option
         period, or permit the granting of Options after December 31, 2005.

16.      Termination of the Plan
         -----------------------

         The Board may, in its discretion, terminate this Plan at any time prior
         to December 31, 2005. Termination of the Plan shall not deprive
         Optionees of Options granted prior to termination of the Plan.

17.      Effective Date - Shareholder Approval
         -------------------------------------

         This Plan shall become effective as of January 2, 1996, and Options may
         be granted at any time on or after that date. However, no Option may be
         exercised unless this Plan is approved by a vote of the holders of a
         majority of the outstanding Shares of Commerce's Common Stock at a
         meeting of shareholders of Commerce held within twelve months after
         January 2, 1996.


