-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 WtIUApfuGJlzbu+vZOETgUiXGfDPESZxpMoEVOXUB5AVhmSy3JW7SFEizYxSjkdM
 BASD1p+yJ8BWf8BAcb517A==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001157523-04-011665.txt : 20041221
<SEC-HEADER>0001157523-04-011665.hdr.sgml : 20041221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041221125911
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001157523-04-011665
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041220
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to the Registrant.s Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COLUMBIA BANCORP \OR\
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001010002
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				931193156
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27938
		FILM NUMBER:		041216410

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		420 EAST THIRD ST
		STREET 2:		STE 200
		CITY:			THE DALLES
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97058
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5032986649

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		420 EAST THIRD ST
		STREET 2:		STE 200
		CITY:			THE DALLES
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97058
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a4788586.txt
<DESCRIPTION>COLUMBIA BANCORP 8-K
<TEXT>

                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              Washington, DC 20549


                                    FORM 8-K


                                 CURRENT REPORT
     Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) December 20, 2004


                                COLUMBIA BANCORP
                                ----------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its chapter)


          Oregon                     0-27938                   93-1193156
          ------                     -------                   ----------
(State or other jurisdiction       (Commission                (IRS Employer
     of incorporation)             File Number)             Identification No.)


                       401 East Third Street, Suite 200,
                            The Dalles, Oregon 97058
                            ------------------------
                    (Address of principal executive offices)


                                 (541) 298-6649
                                 --------------
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)


                                 Not Applicable
                                 --------------
         (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)


Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

[ ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
     (17 CFR 230.425)

[ ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act
     (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

[ ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


<PAGE>


Item 5.05. Amendments to the Company's Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision
of the Code of Ethics.

On December 16, 2004, the Board of Directors of Columbia Bancorp (the "Company")
approved a revised Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the "Code"). The revised
Code substantially enhances the existing code and applies to all of the
Company's directors, officers and employees. The revised Code includes
provisions governing the use and protection of Company assets, prohibiting the
disclosure of confidential information, providing for anonymous reporting of
violations of the code and prohibits retaliation against such reporting person.
The revised Code also provides that the Governance Committee shall report to the
board of directors on a regular basis with respect to the Company's efforts to
comply with the Code. A copy of the revised Code may be obtained on the
Company's Web site at www.columbiariverbank.com.


Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(c)  Exhibits

99.1   Code of Conduct and Ethics approved December 16, 2004.



                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


Dated: December 20, 2004               /s/ Roger L. Christensen
                                       ------------------------
                                       Roger L. Christensen, President and Chief
                                       Executive - Columbia River Bank;
                                       President and Chief Executive Officer -
                                       Columbia Bancorp


Dated: December 20, 2004               /s/ Greg B. Spear
                                       -----------------
                                       Greg B. Spear, Executive Vice President,
                                       Chief Financial Officer - Columbia River
                                       Bank; and Chief Financial Officer -
                                       Columbia Bancorp


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>a4788586ex991.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CODE OF CONDUCT AND ETHICS
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 99.1

                                COLUMBIA BANCORP
                       Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

                                I. INTRODUCTION

     Columbia Bancorp (together with Columbia River Bank and their respective
subsidiaries, the "Company") strives to conduct its business in an ethical
manner and in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations.

     This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the "Code") governs the business
decisions made and actions taken by the Company's directors, officers and
employees. The standards of conduct in this Code provide general guidance for
resolving a variety of legal and ethical questions for employees, officers and
directors. However, while the specific provisions of this Code attempt to
describe certain foreseeable circumstances and to state the employee's,
officer's and director's obligations in such event, it is impossible to
anticipate all possibilities. Therefore, in addition to compliance with the Code
and applicable laws, rules and regulations, all Company employees, officers and
directors are expected to observe the highest standards of business and personal
ethics in the discharge of their assigned duties and responsibilities.

     The integrity, reputation and profitability of the Company ultimately
depend upon the individual actions of the Company's employees, officers and
directors. As a result, each such individual is personally responsible and
accountable for compliance with this Code. All references in the Code to
"employees" should be understood to include all employees, officers and
directors of the Company (including its subsidiaries), unless the context
requires otherwise.

     Finally, this Code is in addition to any other Company policies and/or
agreements and is not intended to reduce or limit other obligations that you may
have to the Company. In particular, policies that support this Code and relate
specifically to matters described herein include, but are not limited to, the
Company's Insider Trading and Disclosure Policy and its policies regarding
reporting of unethical behavior or financial or accounting concerns.


                           II. COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES

     A. Administration of Code

     The Company's Board of Directors (the "Board") shall be responsible for the
content of the Code and for periodically reviewing the Code. The Governance
Committee shall review the Code annually and shall recommend any changes to the
Code that are deemed necessary or appropriate. The Governance Committee also
shall review the Company's performance in implementing and monitoring compliance
with the Code on a periodic basis. The Code will be administered by the
Company's management, and the Chief Executive Officer, or his or her designee,
may appoint an individual employee (the "Compliance Officer") to perform various
ongoing administrative functions in connection with the Code, including
responding to questions about the Code and circulating or otherwise
communicating updates to the Code. In the event a Compliance Officer is
appointed, employees, officers and directors will be informed of his or her
appointment and will be provided information regarding how to contact the
Compliance Officer.


<PAGE>

     B. Communication of Policies

     A copy of the Code shall be supplied to all employees, officers and
directors upon commencement of their association with the Company. Updates will
be provided upon any change to the Code. A copy of the Code is also available to
all employees, officers and directors by requesting one from the human resources
department or by accessing the Company's website at www.columbiariverbank.com.

     C. Monitoring Compliance and Disciplinary Action

     The Company's management shall take reasonable steps from time to time to
(i) monitor and audit compliance with the Code, including the establishment of
monitoring and auditing systems that are reasonably designed to investigate and
detect conduct in violation of the Code and (ii) when appropriate, impose and
enforce appropriate disciplinary measures for violations of the Code. The
disciplinary measures may include, but are not limited to, counseling, oral or
written reprimands, warnings, probation or suspension with or without pay,
demotions, reductions in salary, termination of employment or service to the
Company, and, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law, restitution.

     The Company's management shall report periodically to the Governance
Committee on these compliance efforts including, without limitation, regular
reporting of alleged violations of the Code and the actions taken with respect
to any such violation. The Governance Committee shall in turn report to the
Board on a regular basis regarding the Company's compliance efforts.

     D. Reporting Concerns/Receiving Advice

1) Communication Channels

     i)   Every employee must to act proactively by asking questions, seeking
          guidance and reporting suspected violations with respect to compliance
          with the Code, other policies and procedures of the Company, or any
          applicable government law, rule or regulation. If any employee
          believes that actions have taken place, may be taking place, or may be
          about to take place that violate or would violate the Code, he or she
          is obligated to bring the matter to the attention of the Company.

     (ii) The best starting point for an employee seeking advice on
          ethics-related issues or reporting potential violations is the
          Director of Human Resources.

     (iii) In the case of accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing
          matters, any concerns or questions about violations with respect to
          such matters should be directed to the Chairman of the Audit
          Committee.

     (iv) The Company has established an anonymous employee "hotline" known as
          EthicsPoint for receipt of questions and reports of potential employee
          violations of the Code.


<PAGE>

     (v)  Any employee may communicate with the Audit Committee by any of the
          following methods:

          (a)  In writing (which may be done anonymously), addressed to the
               Director of Human Resources, either by facsimile to (541)
               298-1671 or by U.S. mail to:

                               Director of Human Resources
                               Columbia Bancorp
                               401 East 3rd Street, Suite 200
                               The Dalles, Oregon 97058

          (b)  By use of the confidential EthicsPoint service that the Company
               uses to allow confidential reporting of issues and concerns. The
               EthicsPoint service can be accessed by computer by logging into
               their website address, http://www.ethicspoint.com, or by calling
               EthicsPoint at 1-866-384-4277. The contents of any message
               transmitted to EthicsPoint will not be provided to any employee
               of the Company or its subsidiaries, other than the Director of
               Human Resources and the Chief Operations Officer, and if either
               of those individuals is named in the information provided, the
               message will not be transmitted to those individuals.

          (c)  Employees may not use this compliance program in bad faith, or in
               a false or frivolous manner. Further, employees should not use
               the Reporting Line to report grievances not involving the Code,
               accounting or financial concerns or other ethics-related issues.

     2. Confidentiality; Anonymous Reporting; Retaliation

     When reporting conduct suspected of violating the Code, the Company prefers
that employees identify themselves in order to facilitate the Company's ability
to take appropriate steps to address the report, including conducting any
appropriate investigation. If an employee wishes to remain anonymous, he or she
may do so, and the Company will use reasonable efforts to protect the
confidentiality of the reporting person subject to applicable law, rule or
regulation or to any applicable legal proceedings.

     In the event the report is made anonymously, however, the Company may not
have sufficient information to look into or otherwise investigate or evaluate
the allegations. Accordingly, persons who make reports anonymously should
endeavor to provide as much detail as is reasonably necessary to permit the
Company to evaluate the matter(s) set forth in the anonymous report and, if
appropriate, commence and conduct an appropriate investigation. The Company
expressly forbids any retaliation against any employee who, acting in good
faith, reports suspected misconduct. Any person who participates in any such
retaliation is subject to disciplinary action, including termination.

     E. Investigating Violations

The Company's audit committee and Compliance Officer shall develop and maintain
a standard procedure for documenting all allegations received, evaluating and
investigating the allegation and documenting the conclusions of that process.
The Governance Committee shall receive annually, or more frequently as the audit
committee or Compliance Officer deems appropriate, a list of all such alleged
violations and the outcome of the inquiry or investigation hereof and shall have
access to all reports prepared regarding alleged violations of the Code.


<PAGE>

     F. Waivers and Amendments


     No waiver of any provisions of the Code for the benefit of an officer, or a
director of the Company or, a member of the Company's finance department shall
be effective unless submitted to the Governance Committee and approved by the
Board Any waivers of the Code for other employees may only be made by the
Company's legal department. All amendments to the Code must be recommended by
the Governance Committee for approval by the Board. Any such waivers or
amendments shall be promptly disclosed on Form 8-K or as otherwise required by
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules thereunder.

                           III. STANDARDS OF CONDUCT

     A. Conflicts of Interest

     The Company recognizes and respects the right of its employees and
directors to engage in outside activities which they may deem proper and
desirable, provided that employees and directors fulfill their obligations to
act in the best interests of the Company and to avoid situations that present a
potential or actual conflict between their personal interests and the Company's
interests.

     A "conflict of interest" occurs when an employee's or director's personal
interest interferes with the interests of the Company. Conflicts of interest may
arise in many situations. They can arise when an employee or director takes an
action or has an outside interest, responsibility or obligation that may make it
difficult for him or her to perform the responsibilities of his or her position
objectively and/or effectively in the best interests of the Company. They may
also occur when an employee or director or his or her family member receives
some improper personal benefit as a result of the employee's or director's
position In the Company. Each individual's situation is different and in
evaluating his or her own situation, an employee will have to consider many
factors.

     If there are any questions as to whether or not a specific act or situation
presents, or appears to present, a conflict of interest, an employee should
consult the Compliance Officer. Any material transaction or relationship that
reasonably could be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest should be
reported promptly to the Compliance Officer, who shall notify the Governance
Committee as he or she deems appropriate. Conflicts of interest involving the
Compliance Officer should be disclosed directly to the Chairman of the
Governance Committee.

     B. Compliance With Laws, Rules and Regulations

     The Company seeks to conduct its business in compliance with both the
letter and the spirit of applicable laws, rules and regulations. No employee
shall engage in any unlawful activity, or instruct others to do so.


<PAGE>

     As an employee conducts the Company's business, he or she may encounter a
variety of legal issues. If employees have questions on specific laws, rules or
regulations they should contact the legal department.

     C. Fair Dealing

     Employees and directors must endeavor to deal fairly with the Company's
customers, suppliers, competitors and employees in all business dealings on
behalf of the Company. No employee should take unfair advantage of another
person through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged or confidential
information, misrepresentation of material facts, or any other unfair dealing
practice.

     Whenever the ethical or legal requirements of a situation are unclear,
employees should contact their supervisor (if applicable) or the Compliance
Officer.

     D. Protection and Proper Use of Company Assets; Corporate Opportunities

     Employees and directors are required to protect the Company's assets
entrusted to them and to protect the Company's assets in general. Employees and
directors shall also take steps to ensure that Company assets are used only for
legitimate business purposes consistent with the Company's guidelines. Loss,
theft and misuse of Company assets have a direct impact on the Company's
profitability.

     Each employee and director is further prohibited from (i) diverting to
himself or herself or to others any opportunities that are discovered through
the use of Company property or information or as a result of his or her position
with the Company unless such opportunity has first been presented to, and
rejected by, the Company, (ii) using Company property or information or his or
her position for personal gain, or (iii) competing with the Company. Employees
owe a duty to the Company to advance its legitimate interests when the
opportunity to do so arises.

     Any questions concerning the protection and proper use of Company assets or
regarding corporate opportunity matters should be directed to the Compliance
Officer.

     E. Confidentiality

     Confidential information generated and gathered in the Company's business
plays a vital role in the Company's business, prospects and ability to compete.
"Confidential information" includes all non-public information that might be of
use to competitors or harmful to the Company or its customers if disclosed.
Employees are required not to disclose or distribute such confidential
information, except when disclosure is authorized by the Company or required by
applicable law, rule or regulation or by an applicable legal proceeding.
Employees shall use confidential information solely for legitimate Company
purposes. Upon leaving the Company, employees must return to the Company all
confidential and/or proprietary information of the Company in their possession.


<PAGE>

     If an employee has any questions concerning whether information in his or
her possession is confidential, or whether disclosure or other use of
information is permissible, he or she should consult the Compliance Officer.

     If an employee has any questions concerning whether information in his or
her possession is confidential, or whether disclosure or other use of
information is permissible, he or she should consult the Compliance Officer.

     F. Accuracy of Records; Quality of Public Disclosures

     The Company is committed to maintaining the integrity, accuracy and
reliability of the Company's books, records and financial statements. No
transaction may be entered into with the intent to document or record it in a
deceptive manner, and no false or artificial documentation or book entry is to
be made for any transaction. Similarly, all funds, assets and transactions must
be accurately recorded on the appropriate books and records in the Company.

     The Company is committed to providing its shareholders, employees and other
interested public and private groups with complete and accurate information
about the Company's financial condition and results of operations in accordance
with the securities laws of the United States. The Company strives to ensure
that the reports and documents it files with or submits to the Securities and
Exchange Commission, and other public communications made by Company, include
fair, timely and understandable disclosure. The Company's senior management
shall be primarily responsible for monitoring the Company's public disclosure.








<PAGE>

                                COLUMBIA BANCORP

                         Code of Ethics Policy Statement


In accordance with the Code of Ethics Policy adopted by the Board of Directors
of Columbia Bancorp (together with its subsidiaries, the "Company") during the
period in which I am a director, executive officer or member of the financial
management employee of the Company, I will:

     1.   Act in an honest and ethical manner, including the ethical handling of
          actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and
          professional relationships;

     2.   Provide full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosures
          in all public communications made by the Company and in all reports
          and documents that the Company files with, or submits to, State or
          Federal regulatory agencies and the Securities Exchange Commission;

     3.   Comply with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations;

     4.   Promptly report any internal violations of this Code of Ethics Policy
          to an appropriate person or persons identified in this Code of Ethics
          Policy; and

     5.   Accept accountability for adherence to this Code of Ethics Policy.




EXECUTED ON THIS 20th DAY OF December, 2004.


Robert L. R. Bailey, Director
Charles F. Beardsley, Director
Rich E. Betz, Director
William Booth, Director
Lori Boyd, Director
Dennis L. Carver, Director
Roger L. Christensen, Director
Terry L. Cochran, Director
Jim Doran, Director
Jean McKinney, Director
Donald Mitchell, Director


Approved by the Board December 16, 2004


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
