

THIS WARRANT AND THE COMMON SHARES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT HAVE
NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED OR UNDER
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS WARRANT AND THE COMMON SHARES ISSUABLE
UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR
HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AS TO THIS
WARRANT UNDER SAID ACT AND UNDER APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN OPINION
OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO ICOA, INC. THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED.

                     Right  to  Purchase  XXXXXXX  Shares  of  Common  Stock  of
                     ICOA,  Inc. (subject to adjustment as provided herein)

                                 FORM OF WARRANT

No. 2004-4                                         Issue Date: September 8, 2004

         ICOA, INC., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of
Nevada (the "Company"), hereby certifies that, for value received, _____________
("Investor") is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from
the Company from and after the Issue Date of this Warrant and at any time or
from time to time before 5:00 p.m., Rhode Island time, on the third anniversary
of the date hereof (the "Expiration Date"), up to XXXXXXX fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock (as hereinafter defined), $.0001 par value
per share, of the Company, at a purchase price of $.05 per share (such purchase
price per share as adjusted from time to time as herein provided is referred to
herein as the "Purchase Price"). The number and character of such shares of
Common Stock and the Purchase Price are subject to adjustment as provided
herein.

         As used herein the following terms, unless the context otherwise
requires, have the following respective meanings:

         (a) The term "Company" shall include ICOA, Inc. and any corporation
which shall succeed or assume the obligations of ICOA, Inc. hereunder.

         (b) The term "Common Stock" includes (a) the Company's Common Stock,
$.0001 par value per share, as authorized on the date of the Subscription
Agreement referred to in Section 9 hereof, (b) any other capital stock of any
class or classes (however designated) of the Company, authorized on or after
such date, the holders of which shall have the right, without limitation as to
amount, either to all or to a share of the balance of current dividends and
liquidating dividends after the payment of dividends and distributions on any
shares entitled to preference, and the holders of which shall ordinarily, in the
absence of contingencies, be entitled to vote for the election of a majority of
directors of the Company (even if the right so to vote has been suspended by the
happening of such a contingency) and (c) any other securities into which or for
which any of the securities described in (a) or (b) may be converted or
exchanged pursuant to a plan of recapitalization, reorganization, merger, sale
of assets or otherwise.

                                       1

<PAGE>

         (c) The term "Other Securities" refers to any stock (other than Common
Stock) and other securities of the Company or any other person (corporate or
otherwise) which the holder of the Warrant at any time shall be entitled to
receive, or shall have received, on the exercise of the Warrant, in lieu of or
in addition to Common Stock, or which at any time shall be issuable or shall
have been issued in exchange for or in replacement of Common Stock or Other
Securities pursuant to Section 4 or otherwise.

         1. Exercise of Warrant.

                  1.1. Number of Shares Issuable upon Exercise. From and after
the date hereof through and including the Expiration Date, the holder hereof
shall be entitled to receive, upon exercise of this Warrant in whole in
accordance with the terms of subsection 1.2 or upon exercise of this Warrant in
part in accordance with subsection 1.3, shares of Common Stock of the Company,
subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 4.

                  1.2. Full Exercise. This Warrant may be exercised in full by
the holder hereof by delivery of an original or fax copy of the form of
subscription attached as Exhibit A hereto (the "Subscription Form") duly
executed by such holder and surrender of the original Warrant within seven days
of exercise, to the Company at its principal office or at the office of its
Warrant agent (as provided hereinafter), accompanied at the time of exercise by
payment, in cash, wire transfer, or by certified or official bank check payable
to the order of the Company, in the amount obtained by multiplying the number of
shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is then exercisable by the
Purchase Price (as hereinafter defined) then in effect.

                  1.3. Partial Exercise. This Warrant may be exercised in part
(but not for a fractional share) by surrender of this Warrant in the manner and
at the place provided in subsection 1.2 except that the amount payable by the
holder on such partial exercise shall be the amount obtained by multiplying (a)
the number of shares of Common Stock designated by the holder in the
Subscription Form by (b) the Purchase Price then in effect. On any such partial
exercise, the Company, at its expense, will forthwith issue and deliver to or
upon the order of the holder hereof a new Warrant of like tenor, in the name of
the holder hereof or as such holder (upon payment by such holder of any
applicable transfer taxes) may request, the number of shares of Common Stock for
which such Warrant may still be exercised.

                  1.4. Company Acknowledgment. The Company will, at the time of
the exercise of the Warrant, upon the request of the holder hereof acknowledge
in writing its continuing obligation to afford to such holder any rights to
which such holder shall continue to be entitled after such exercise in
accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. If the holder shall fail to make
any such request, such failure shall not affect the continuing obligation of the
Company to afford to such holder any such rights.

                  1.6. Trustee for Warrant Holders. In the event that a bank or
trust company shall have been appointed as trustee for the holders of the
Warrants pursuant to Subsection 3.2, such bank or trust company shall have all
the powers and duties of a warrant agent (as hereinafter described) and shall
accept, in its own name for the account of the Company or such successor person
as may be entitled thereto, all amounts otherwise payable to the Company or such
successor, as the case may be, on exercise of this Warrant pursuant to this
Section 1.

                                       2

<PAGE>

         2. Delivery of Stock Certificates, etc. on Exercise. The Company agrees
that the shares of Common Stock purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be
deemed to be issued to the holder hereof as the record owner of such shares as
of the close of business on the date on which this Warrant shall have been
surrendered and payment made for such shares as aforesaid. As soon as
practicable after the exercise of this Warrant in full or in part, and in any
event within 7 days thereafter, the Company at its expense (including the
payment by it of any applicable issue taxes) will cause to be issued in the name
of and delivered to the holder hereof, or as such holder (upon payment by such
holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may direct in compliance with
applicable Securities Laws, a certificate or certificates for the number of duly
and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock (or
Other Securities) to which such holder shall be entitled on such exercise, plus,
in lieu of any fractional share to which such holder would otherwise be
entitled, cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the then Fair Market Value
of one full share, together with any other stock or other securities and
property (including cash, where applicable) to which such holder is entitled
upon such exercise pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise.

         3. Adjustment for Reorganization, Consolidation, Merger, etc.

                  3.1. Reorganization, Consolidation, Merger, etc. In case at
any time or from time to time, the Company shall (a) effect a reorganization,
(b) consolidate with or merge into any other person, or (c) transfer all or
substantially all of its properties or assets to any other person under any plan
or arrangement contemplating the dissolution of the Company, then, in each such
case, as a condition to the consummation of such a transaction, proper and
adequate provision shall be made by the Company whereby the holder of this
Warrant, on the exercise hereof as provided in Section 1 at any time after the
consummation of such reorganization, consolidation or merger or the effective
date of such dissolution, as the case may be, shall receive, in lieu of the
Common Stock (or Other Securities) issuable on such exercise prior to such
consummation or such effective date, the stock and other securities and property
(including cash) to which such holder would have been entitled upon such
consummation or in connection with such dissolution, as the case may be, if such
holder had so exercised this Warrant, immediately prior thereto, all subject to
further adjustment thereafter as provided in Section 4.

                  3.2. Dissolution. In the event of any dissolution of the
Company following the transfer of all or substantially all of its properties or
assets, the Company, prior to such dissolution, shall at its expense deliver or
cause to be delivered the stock and other securities and property (including
cash, where applicable) receivable by the holders of the Warrants after the
effective date of such dissolution pursuant to this Section 3 to a bank or trust
company having its principal office in New York, NY, as trustee for the holder
or holders of the Warrants only to the extent that the value of such cash and
property exceeds the Purchase Price.

                                       3

<PAGE>

                  3.3. Continuation of Terms. Upon any reorganization,
consolidation, merger or transfer (and any dissolution following any transfer)
referred to in this Section 3, this Warrant shall continue in full force and
effect and the terms hereof shall be applicable to the shares of stock and other
securities and property receivable on the exercise of this Warrant after the
consummation of such reorganization, consolidation or merger or the effective
date of dissolution following any such transfer, as the case may be, and shall
be binding upon the issuer of any such stock or other securities, including, in
the case of any such transfer, the person acquiring all or substantially all of
the properties or assets of the Company, whether or not such person shall have
expressly assumed the terms of this Warrant as provided in Section 4. In the
event this Warrant does not continue in full force and effect after the
consummation of the transaction described in this Section 3, then only in such
event will the Company's securities and property (including cash, where
applicable) receivable by the holders of the Warrants be delivered to the
Trustee as contemplated by Section 3.2.

                  3.4. Share Issuance. Except for the Excepted Issuances as
described in Section 11 of the Subscription Agreement, if the Company at any
time shall issue any shares of Common Stock prior to the complete exercise of
this Warrant for a consideration less than the Purchase Price that would be in
effect at the time of such issue, then, and thereafter successively upon each
such issue, the Purchase Price shall be reduced as follows: (i) the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue (calculated
on a fully-diluted basis, as if all convertible securities were converted and
all outstanding warrants and options were exercised) shall be multiplied by the
Purchase Price in effect at the time of such issue and the product shall be
added to the aggregate consideration, if any, received by the Company upon such
issue of additional shares of Common Stock; and (ii) the sum so obtained shall
be divided by the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after
such issue. The resulting quotient shall be the adjusted Purchase Price. For
purposes of this adjustment, the issuance of any security of the Company
carrying the right to convert such security into shares of Common Stock or of
any warrant, right or option to purchase Common Stock shall result in an
adjustment to the Purchase Price upon the issuance of shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of such conversion or purchase rights.

         4. Extraordinary Events Regarding Common Stock. In the event that the
Company shall (a) issue additional shares of the Common Stock as a dividend or
other distribution on outstanding Common Stock, (b) subdivide its outstanding
shares of Common Stock, or (c) combine its outstanding shares of the Common
Stock into a smaller number of shares of the Common Stock, then, in each such
event, the Purchase Price shall, simultaneously with the happening of such
event, be adjusted by multiplying the then Purchase Price by a fraction, the
numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to such event and the denominator of which shall be the number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the
product so obtained shall thereafter be the Purchase Price then in effect. The
Purchase Price, as so adjusted, shall be readjusted in the same manner upon the
happening of any successive event or events described herein in this Section 4.
The number of shares of Common Stock that the holder of this Warrant shall
thereafter, on the exercise hereof as provided in Section 1, be entitled to
receive shall be increased to a number determined by multiplying the number of
shares of Common Stock that would otherwise (but for the provisions of this
Section 4) be issuable on such exercise by a fraction of which (a) the numerator
is the Purchase Price that would otherwise (but for the provisions of this
Section 4) be in effect, and (b) the denominator is the Purchase Price in effect
on the date of such exercise.

                                       4

<PAGE>

         5. Certificate as to Adjustments. In each case of any adjustment or
readjustment in the shares of Common Stock (or Other Securities) issuable on the
exercise of the Warrants, the Company at its expense will promptly cause its
Chief Financial Officer or other appropriate designee to compute such adjustment
or readjustment in accordance with the terms of the Warrant and prepare a
certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail
the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, including a
statement of (a) the consideration received or receivable by the Company for any
additional shares of Common Stock (or Other Securities) issued or sold or deemed
to have been issued or sold, (b) the number of shares of Common Stock (or Other
Securities) outstanding or deemed to be outstanding, and (c) the Purchase Price
and the number of shares of Common Stock to be received upon exercise of this
Warrant, in effect immediately prior to such adjustment or readjustment and as
adjusted or readjusted as provided in this Warrant. The Company will forthwith
mail a copy of each such certificate to the holder of the Warrant and any
Warrant agent of the Company (appointed pursuant to Section 11 hereof).

         6. Reservation of Stock, etc. Issuable on Exercise of Warrant;
Financial Statements. The Company will at all times reserve and keep available,
solely for issuance and delivery on the exercise of the Warrants, all shares of
Common Stock (or Other Securities) from time to time issuable on the exercise of
the Warrant. This Warrant entitles the holder hereof to receive copies of all
financial and other information distributed or required to be distributed to the
holders of the Company's Common Stock.

         7. Assignment; Exchange of Warrant. Subject to compliance with
applicable Securities laws, this Warrant, and the rights evidenced hereby, may
not be transferred by any registered holder hereof except upon the prior written
consent of the Company, which may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion
of the company, and if granted, subject to compliance with applicable Securities
laws.

         8. Replacement of Warrant. On receipt of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of
this Warrant and, in the case of any such loss, theft or destruction of this
Warrant, on delivery of an indemnity agreement or security reasonably
satisfactory in form and amount to the Company or, in the case of any such
mutilation, on surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company at its
expense will execute and deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Warrant of like tenor.

         9. Stock Purchase Agreement. This Warrant is issued pursuant to the
Capital Stock Purchase Agreement into by the Company and Investor at or prior to
the issue date of this Warrant. The terms of the Capital Stock Purchase
Agreement are incorporated herein by this reference.

         10. Warrant Agent. The Company may, by written notice to the each
holder of the Warrant, appoint an agent for the purpose of issuing Common Stock
(or Other Securities) on the exercise of this Warrant pursuant to Section 1,
exchanging this Warrant pursuant to Section 7, and replacing this Warrant
pursuant to Section 8, or any of the foregoing, and thereafter any such
issuance, exchange or replacement, as the case may be, shall be made at such
office by such agent.

                                       5

<PAGE>

         11. Transfer on the Company's Books. Until this Warrant is transferred
on the books of the Company, the Company may treat the registered holder hereof
as the absolute owner hereof for all purposes, notwithstanding any notice to the
contrary.

         12. Notices, etc. All notices and other communications from the Company
to the holder of this Warrant shall be mailed by first class registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid, at such address as may have been furnished to
the Company in writing by such holder or, until any such holder furnishes to the
Company an address, then to, and at the address of, the last holder of this
Warrant who has so furnished an address to the Company.

         13. Miscellaneous. This Warrant and any term hereof may be changed,
waived, discharged or terminated only by an instrument in writing signed by the
party against which enforcement of such change, waiver, discharge or termination
is sought. This Warrant shall be construed and enforced in accordance with and
governed by the laws of Rhode Island without regard to principles of conflicts
or choice of law that would defer to the substantive laws of another
jurisdiction. Any dispute relating to this Warrant shall be adjudicated in Rhode
Island. The headings in this Warrant are for purposes of reference only, and
shall not limit or otherwise affect any of the terms hereof. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or
enforceability of any other provision.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this Warrant under seal as of
the date first written above.

                                            ICOA, INC.



                                          By:___________________________________
                                             Erwin Vahlsing, Jr.
                                             Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer


Witness:


- ------------------------------

                                       6

<PAGE>

                              FORM OF SUBSCRIPTION
                   (To be signed only on exercise of Warrant)


TO:      ICOA, Inc.

         The undersigned, the holder of the within Warrant,  hereby  irrevocably
elects to exercise this Warrant for,   and  to  purchase   thereunder,   shares
of  Common   Stock  (the   "Shares")   of  ICOA,   Inc.,  a  Nevada corporation
(the  "Company")  and  herewith  makes  payment  of  $   _____________therefore,
and  requests  that the   certificates   for   such   Shares   be   issued   in
the   name   of  and   delivered   to   _______   whose address is ___________.

         The undersigned hereby represents and warrants to and agrees with the
Company that:

         The undersigned has been furnished the Company's Form SB-2 registration
statement under file number 333-115273 which was declared effective by the
Commission on June 7, 2004 together with all Forms 10-Q or 10-QSB, as
applicable, and all Forms 10-K or 10-KSB, as applicable, filed with the
Commission after May 31, 2004, and other publicly available filings made with
the Commission. In addition, the undersigned has received from the Company such
other written information concerning its operations, financial condition and
other matters as the undersigned has requested, and considered all factors the
undersigned deems material in deciding on the advisability of investing in the
Shares.

         The undersigned is an "accredited investor", as such term is defined in
Regulation D promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "1933 Act"), is experienced in investments and business matters,
has made investments of a speculative nature and has purchased securities of
United States publicly-owned companies in private placements in the past and,
with its representatives, has such knowledge and experience in financial, tax
and other business matters as to enable the undersigned to utilize the
information made available by the Company to evaluate the merits and risks of
and to make an informed investment decision with respect to the proposed
purchase of the Shares, which represents a speculative investment. The
undersigned has the authority and is duly and legally qualified to purchase and
own the Shares. The undersigned is able to bear the risk of such investment for
an indefinite period and to afford a complete loss thereof.

         The undersigned purchases the Shares for its own account and not with a
view to any distribution thereof.

         The undersigned understands and agrees that the Shares have not been
registered under the 1933 Act, by reason of their issuance in a transaction that
does not require registration under the 1933 Act (based in part on the accuracy
of the representations and warranties of undersigned contained herein), and that
such Shares must be held unless a subsequent disposition is registered under the
1933 Act or is exempt from such registration.

                                       7

<PAGE>

         The Shares shall bear the following legend:

                  "THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
                  REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED OR
                  UNDER APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THESE SHARES MAY NOT
                  BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE
                  ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SUCH
                  SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR
                  AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO ICOA, INC.
                  THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED."

         The offer to sell the Shares was directly communicated to the
undersigned. At no time was the undersigned presented with or solicited by any
leaflet, newspaper or magazine article, radio or television advertisement, or
any other form of general advertising or solicited or invited to attend a
promotional meeting otherwise than in connection and concurrently with such
communicated offer.

         The undersigned represents and warrants that all offers and sales by
the undersigned of the Shares shall be made pursuant to registration of the
Common Stock under the 1933 Act or pursuant to an exemption from registration
under the 1933 Act.

         The undersigned represents that the foregoing representations and
warranties are true and correct as of the date hereof. The foregoing
representations and warranties shall survive the date hereof.


Dated:___________________

                                     ___________________________________________
                                     (Signature  must  conform to name of holder
                                     as specified on the face of the Warrant)

                                     ___________________________________________
                                     (Address)


                                       8

