
<PAGE>







                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1



NEWS RELEASE

                     O.I. CORPORATION COMPLETES PURCHASE OF
                      CERTAIN INTELLIGENT ION, INC. ASSETS


College Station, Texas, December 29, 2004 - O.I. Corporation (the
"Company") (NASDAQ Symbol: OICO) today announced the completion of the purchase
of certain assets of Intelligent Ion, Inc. (III), including assignment of
license agreements and intellectual property owned by III, prototype products,
software, and fixed assets and the termination of the existing strategic
alliance between the Company and III. This is the consummation of the
transaction contemplated by the letter of intent between the parties and
announced by the Company in its press release dated October 26, 2004.

The purchase price was approximately $600,000, which included forgiveness of
indebtedness by the Company of approximately $421,000. Some or all of the
purchase price will be expensed as acquired in-process research and development.

William W. Botts, president, said,

     "We are pleased to conclude this transaction, which marks the Company's
entry into the field of mass spectrometry. We are optimistic about the
technology obtained in this purchase; however, we understand that substantial
challenge and risk remain in our achieving commercial success with the
technology.

     Our research and development expenses will increase as we continue work
in-house, which was previously done by III under the strategic alliance. This
increase is consistent with our strategy announced in 2003 that we were
committing to an increase in research and development in an effort to bring to
market new and innovative products even at the risk of incurring quarterly or
annual operating losses. We believe that we have the financial resources to
pursue this strategy. For the quarter ending September 30, 2004 our total cash
and investments in marketable securities amounted to approximately $10.5 million
and we had no long-term debt."

O.I. Corporation provides innovative products for chemical analysis. The
Company's products perform sample preparation, detection, analysis, measurement,
and monitoring applications in food, beverage, pharmaceutical, semiconductor,
power generation, chemical, petrochemical, and defense industries. Headquartered
in College Station, Texas, the Company's products are sold worldwide by a direct
sales force, independent sales representatives, and distributors.

     This press release includes certain statements that may be deemed to be
"forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included
in this press release that address activities, events or developments that the
Company expects, believes or anticipates will or may occur in the future, are
forward-looking statements. These statements are based on certain assumptions
and analyses made by the Company in light of its experience and its perception
of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other
factors it believes are appropriate in the circumstances. Such statements are
subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are
beyond the control of the Company. Investors are cautioned that any such
statements are not guarantees of future performance and that actual results or
developments may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking
statements. See "Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements" in the Company's form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003.


