-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 NPXtRGa6lO6UORK2BDTGsQS05lLscCiLbaQwUH1wihSp3CL9Vcd/3O7blrDZGgy3
 sw1vgdW6Q9xOe9RHdVU7Lw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950159-04-001093.txt : 20041223
<SEC-HEADER>0000950159-04-001093.hdr.sgml : 20041223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041223161105
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950159-04-001093
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041217
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PENNSYLVANIA COMMERCE BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001085706
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				251834776

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50961
		FILM NUMBER:		041224432

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 SENATE AVE
		CITY:			CAMP HILL
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17001-8599
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7179755630

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 SENATE AVE
		CITY:			CAMP HILL
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17001-8599
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>commerce8k.txt
<TEXT>

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT
     Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934


       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) December 17, 2004
            ---------------------------------------------------------

                       Pennsylvania Commerce Bancorp, Inc.
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

      Pennsylvania                      000-50961               25-1834776
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 (State or other jurisdiction        (Commission              (IRS Employer
      of incorporation)              File Number)           Identification No.)


    100 Senate Avenue, Camp Hill, Pennsylvania                     17011
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     (Address of principal executive offices)                   (Zip Code)


Registrant's telephone number, including area code            (717) 975-5630
                                                   -----------------------------

                                       N/A
                          -----------------------------
         (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

[ ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
     (17 CFR 230.425)

[ ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
     240.14a-12)

[ ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


<PAGE>


Item 1.01.  Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

                  On December 17, 2004, the Board of Directors of Pennsylvania
         Commerce Bancorp, Inc. amended the Company's 1996 Employee Stock Option
         Plan and 2001 Directors Stock Option Plan. The amendment modifies the
         vesting schedules of the plan to be based upon the option holding
         period. The Employee Stock Option Plan previously included vesting
         schedules based upon the sooner of years of service or the option
         holding period. As a result of the amendment, the years-of-service
         component of the vesting schedule was deleted for stock options awarded
         after January 1, 2005. The Directors Stock Option Plan previously did
         not include a vesting schedule. As a result of the amendment, the
         vesting schedule for the Directors Stock Option Plan will now be the
         same as the schedule for the Employees Stock Option Plan for stock
         options awarded after January 1, 2005.

                  Copies of the Amended Stock Option Plans are attached as
         Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to this report. The description of the plans
         contained in this report is qualified by reference to the plans
         themselves.



Item 9.01.   Financial Statements and Exhibits

(c) Exhibits

         Exhibit No.
         -----------

10.1     Amended 1996 Employee Stock Option Plan

10.2     Amended 2001 Directors Stock Option Plan



<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES


         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.



                                          Pennsylvania Commerce Bancorp, Inc.
                                          -------------------------------------
                                                            (Registrant)



         Date: December 23, 2004          /s/ Gary L. Nalbandian
                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Gary L. Nalbandian,
                                          Chairman and President





<PAGE>









                                  EXHIBIT INDEX



Exhibit No.                 DESCRIPTION
- ----------                  ------------

10.1     Amended 1996 Employee Stock Option Plan

10.2     Amended 2001 Directors Stock Option Plan


























</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit10-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
  AMENDED 1996 EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN OF PENNSYLVANIA COMMERCE BANCORP, INC
                               AS APPROVED IN 2001

1.       Purpose of Plan
         ---------------

         The purpose of this Plan is to enable Pennsylvania Commerce Bancorp,
         Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "Commerce") to continue to compete
         successfully in attracting and retaining key employees with outstanding
         abilities by making it possible for them to purchase shares of
         Commerce's Common Stock on terms which will give them a more direct and
         continuing interest in the future success of Commerce.

2.       Definitions
         ------------

         "Commerce" means Pennsylvania Commerce Bancorp, Inc., a Pennsylvania
         corporation and bank holding company.

         "Board" means the Board of Directors of Commerce.

         "Committee" means a committee established by the Board. The Committee
         shall consist of three or more members of the Board. No member of the
         Committee may receive Options under the Plan. The Personnel Committee
         may be the Committee if it meets these qualifications.

         "Employees" means employees, including officers, regularly employed on
         a salary basis by Commerce. "Employment with Commerce", or words to
         that effect, shall include employment by any subsidiary or affiliate of
         Commerce.

         "Fair Market Value" of a share of Commerce's Common Stock shall mean
         its closing sale price on the principal stock exchange on which the
         stock is traded on the date as of which the value is being determined.
         If there is no reported sale on that date, the Fair Market Value shall
         be the closing sale on the next preceding day for which a sale was
         reported. However, the Committee, in the good faith exercise of its
         discretion, may determine that the closing sale price does not reflect
         the true Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock. If it so
         determines, the Fair Market Value shall be the average closing sale
         price on the principal stock exchange on which Commerce's Common Stock
         is traded during the twenty (20) day period immediately preceding the
         date on which Fair Market Value is being determined.
         "ISO" means an incentive stock option described in Section 422 of the
         Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

         "NQSO" means a stock option, which is not described in Section 422 of
         the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

         "Option" means an option, either in the form of an ISO or NQSO, granted
         in accordance with the terms of this Plan.

         "Optionee" means a person to whom an option has been granted under this
         Plan, which has not expired or been fully exercised or surrendered.

         "Shares" means shares of Common Stock of Commerce.

3.       Limits on Number of Shares
         --------------------------

         The total number of Shares for which Options may be granted under this
         Plan shall not exceed in the aggregate 527,369 Shares. This number
         shall be appropriately adjusted if the number of issued Shares shall be
         increased or reduced by change in par value, combination, or split-up,
         reclassification, distribution of a dividend payable in stock, or the
         like. Shares covered by Options, which have expired, or which have been
         surrendered may again be optioned under this Plan. Options may be
         granted in the form of ISOs or NQSOs.


<PAGE>


4.       Adjustment of Options
         ---------------------

         The number of Shares optioned from time to time to individual Optionees
         under the Plan, and the Option prices therefor, shall be appropriately
         adjusted to reflect any changes in par value, combination, split-up,
         reclassification, distribution of dividend payable in stock, or the
         like.

5.       Granting of Options
         -------------------

         The Board, or if the Board so determines, the Committee, is authorized
         to grant Options to selected employees pursuant to this Plan during the
         calendar year 1996 and in any calendar year thereafter to December 31,
         2005. The number of Shares, if any, optioned in each year, the
         employees to whom Options are granted, and the number of Shares
         optioned to each employee selected shall be wholly within the
         discretion of the Board or the Committee. The Board may grant both ISOs
         and NQSOs to the same employee. Board action on Options and
         administration of this Plan shall be only upon the advice and
         recommendation of the Committee if the Board has appointed a Committee.

6.       Terms of ISOs
         -------------

         ISOs granted under this Plan shall contain the following terms:

         (a)      The ISO price shall be fixed by the Board or the Committee but
                  shall in no event be less than 100% of the fair market value
                  of the Shares subject to the ISO on the date the ISO is
                  granted. The ISO price, in the case of an Optionee who, at the
                  time the Option is granted, owns more than 10% of the
                  outstanding Shares of Commerce's Common Stock shall be at
                  least 110% of the fair market value of the Shares subject to
                  the ISO on the date the ISO is granted.

         (b)      ISOs shall not be transferable otherwise than by will or by
                  the laws of descent and distribution. No ISO shall be subject,
                  in whole or in part, to attachment, execution or levy of any
                  kind.

         (c)      Each ISO shall expire and all rights under the ISO shall end
                  at the expiration of the exercise period for the ISO, which
                  shall not be more than ten years after the date on which it
                  was granted. Provided, however, that in the case of an
                  Optionee who, at the time the Option is granted, owns more
                  than 10% of the outstanding shares of Commerce's Common Stock,
                  ISOs shall expire no more than five years after the date on
                  which the ISO was granted.

         (d)      ISOs shall be exercisable only by the Optionee during the
                  Optionee's lifetime. ISOs may be exercised only while employed
                  by Commerce or within (i) three years after retirement, or
                  (ii) three months after termination of employment (but in any
                  event not later than the end of the period fixed by the Board
                  or the Committee of the Board in accordance with the
                  provisions of paragraph (c) of Section 6. An ISO is
                  exercisable by retired or terminated Optionees only to the
                  extent the ISO was exercisable by the Optionee on the last day
                  of his or her employment with Commerce. For purposes of this
                  paragraph (d), retirement shall mean termination of employment
                  by an Optionee who has attained age 62. If an Optionee retires
                  due to disability, the ISOs granted to the Optionee shall be
                  exercisable within 12 months of the date of retirement (but in
                  any event not later than the end of the period fixed by the
                  Board or the Committee of the Board in accordance with the
                  provisions of paragraph (c) of this Section 6.

         (e)      If an Optionee dies within a period during which an ISO could
                  have been exercised by the Optionee, the ISO may be exercised
                  within three years after the Optionee's death (but not later
                  than the end of the period fixed by the Board or the Committee
                  of the Board in accordance with the provisions of paragraph
                  (c) of this Section 6) by those entitled under the Optionee's
                  will or the laws of descent and distribution, but only if and
                  to the extent the ISO was exercisable by the Optionee
                  immediately prior to the Optionee's death.


<PAGE>



         (f)      If Optionee's employment with Commerce is terminated by
                  Commerce for the misconduct of Optionee, all ISOs granted to
                  the Optionee prior to termination shall be forfeited by
                  Optionee and rendered unexercisable.

         (g)      ISOs may be exercised in whole or in part from time to time,
                  subject to the provisions of this Plan and to such additional
                  or different terms regarding the exercise of the ISOs as the
                  Board or the Committee of the Board may fix at the time of
                  grant.

         (h)      ISOs shall not be granted to any individual pursuant to this
                  Plan, the effect of which would be to permit that individual
                  first to exercise ISOs, in any calendar year, for the purchase
                  of Shares having a fair market value in excess of $100,000
                  (determined at the time of the grant of the ISOs. Any Optionee
                  may exercise ISOs for the purchase of Shares valued in excess
                  of $100,000 (determined at the grant of the ISOs) in any
                  calendar year, but only if the right to exercise the ISOs
                  shall have first become available in prior calendar years.

7.       Terms of NQSOs.
         ---------------

                  NQSOs granted under this Plan shall contain the following
terms:

                  (a)      The NQSO price shall be fixed by the Board or the
                           Committee, and may be less than 100% of the fair
                           market of the Shares subject to the NQSO on the date
                           the NQSO is granted.

                  (b)      NQSOs shall not be transferable otherwise than by
                           will or by the laws of descent and distribution. No
                           NQSO shall be subject, in whole or in part, to
                           attachment, execution or levy of any kind.

                  (c)      Each NQSO shall expire and all rights under the NQSO
                           shall end at the expiration of the exercise period
                           for the NQSO, which shall not be more than ten years
                           after the date on which it was granted. The Board or
                           the Committee shall establish the exercise period for
                           each NQSO, subject in all cases to paragraphs (d),
                           (e) and (f) of this Section 7.

                  (d)      NQSOs shall be exercisable only by the Optionee
                           during the Optionee's lifetime. NQSOs may be
                           exercised only while employed by Commerce or within
                           (i) three years after retirement, or (ii) three
                           months after termination of employment (but in any
                           event not later than the end of the period fixed by
                           the Board or the Committee of the Board in accordance
                           with the provisions of paragraph (c) of Section 7).
                           An NQSO is exercisable by retired or terminated
                           Optionees only to the extent the NQSO was exercisable
                           by the Optionee on the last day of his or her
                           employment with Commerce. For purposes of this
                           paragraph (d), retirement shall mean termination of
                           employment by an Optionee who has attained age 62. If
                           an Optionee retires due to disability, the NQSOs
                           granted to the Optionee shall be exercisable within
                           12 months of the date of retirement (but in any event
                           not later than the end of the period fixed by the
                           Board or the Committee of the Board in accordance
                           with the provisions of paragraph (c) of this Section
                           7).

                  (e)      If an Optionee dies within a period during which an
                           NQSO could have been exercised by the Optionee, the
                           NQSO may be exercised within three years after the
                           Optionee's death (but not later than the end of the
                           period fixed by the Board or the Committee of the
                           Board in accordance with the provisions of paragraph
                           (c) of this Section 7) by those entitled under the
                           Optionee's will or the laws of descent and
                           distribution, but only if and to the extent the NQSO
                           was exercisable by the Optionee immediately prior to
                           the Optionee's death.

                  (f)      If Optionee's employment with Commerce is terminated
                           by Commerce for the misconduct of Optionee, all NQSOs
                           granted to the Optionee prior to termination shall be
                           forfeited by Optionee and rendered unexercisable.


<PAGE>


                  (g)      NQSOs may be exercised in whole or in part from time
                           to time, subject to the provisions of this Plan and
                           to such additional or different terms regarding the
                           exercise of the NQSOs as the Board or the Committee
                           of the Board may fix at the time of grant.

8.       Vesting of Options
         ------------------

         (a) Options Granted Prior to January 1, 2005.

         No Option granted under this Plan may be exercised within one year from
         the date of the grant of the Option. Options held more than one year
         may be exercised based upon years of service or upon the Option holding
         period, whichever is sooner, pursuant to the following schedule:

             Years of Service                                     Percent Vested
             ----------------                                     --------------

    Less than 3 years                                                       25%
    More than 3 years and less than 6 years                                 50
    More than 6 years and less than 8 years                                 75
    More than 8 years                                                      100

                Option Holding Period                             Percent Vested
                ---------------------                             --------------

    Less than 1 year                                                         0%
    More than 1 year and less than 2 years                                  25
    More than 2 years and less than 3 years                                 50
    More than 3 years and less than 4 years                                 75
    More than 4 years                                                      100

    (b) Options Granted After January 1, 2005.

    No Option granted under this Plan may be exercised within one year from
    the date of the grant of the Option. Options held more than one year
    may be exercised based upon the Option holding period, pursuant to the
    following schedule:

               Option Holding Period                              Percent Vested
               ---------------------                              --------------

    Less than 1 year                                                         0%
    More than 1 year and less than 2 years                                  25
    More than 2 years and less than 3 years                                 50
    More than 3 years and less than 4 years                                 75
    More than 4 years                                                      100



9.       Exercise Eligibility Period Following Termination of Employment
         ----------------------------------------------------------------

         Options granted under this Plan less than one year prior to date of
         termination of employment are not exercisable under any circumstances.
         Options granted at least one year prior to termination of employment
         must be exercised prior to the expiration date of the Option and within
         the period set forth below depending upon the reason for termination:



<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>



                                                                           Exercise Eligibility
                                          Options Eligible                 Period for Option
         Termination Reason                for Exercise                     Tax Treatment
         ------------------               --------------                   -----------------

<S>                                       <C>                                <C>
         Retirement                       100% of outstanding                3 years from
                                          Options                            retirement date

         Death while employed             100% of outstanding                3 years from
                                          Options                            date of death

         Total & permanent                100% of outstanding                1 year from term-
         disability                       Options                            ination date

         Misconduct                       None                               Not applicable

         Any other reason                 Any Option 100% vest-              3 months from
                                          ed plus the vested                 termination date
                                          portion of the next
                                          oldest Option

</TABLE>


10.      Reorganization of Commerce
         --------------------------

         In the event that Commerce is succeeded by another corporation or bank
         in a reorganization, merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or
         stock, separation or liquidation, the successor corporation or bank
         shall assume the outstanding Options granted under this Plan or shall
         substitute new Options for them.

11.      Delivery of Shares
         --------------------------

         No Shares shall be delivered upon the exercise of an Option until the
         Option price has been paid in full in cash or, at the discretion of the
         Board or the Committee, in whole or in part in Commerce's Common Stock
         owned by the Optionee valued at fair market value on the date of
         exercise. If required by the Board, no Shares will be delivered upon
         the exercise of an Option until the Optionee has given Commerce a
         satisfactory written statement that he is purchasing the Shares for
         investment and not with a view to the sale or distribution of Shares.

12.      Continuation of Employment
         --------------------------

         Neither this Plan nor any Option granted under this Plan shall confer
         upon any employee any right to continue in the employ of Commerce or
         limit in any respect the right of Commerce or to terminate the
         employee's employment at any time.
13.      Administration

         The Board or the Committee may make rules and regulations and establish
         procedures as it deems appropriate for the administration of this Plan.
         In the event of a disagreement as to the interpretation of this Plan,
         any amendment thereto, any rule, regulation or procedure thereunder, or
         as to any right or obligation arising from or related to this Plan, the
         decision of the Board or the Committee shall be final and binding upon
         all persons in interest, including Commerce, Optionees, and
         shareholders of Commerce.

14.      Reservation of Shares
         ----------------------

         Shares delivered upon the exercise of an Option shall, in the
         discretion of the Board or the Committee, be either authorized but
         unissued Shares, or previously issued Shares acquired by Commerce
         through purchase in the open market or otherwise, or a combination of
         both. Commerce shall be under no obligation to reserve or to retain in
         its treasury any particular number of Shares at any time, and no
         particular Shares, whether unissued or held as treasury Shares, shall
         be identified as those optioned under this Plan.



<PAGE>


15.      Amendment of Plan
         -----------------

         The Board without further action by the shareholders may amend this
         Plan from time to time as it deems desirable. However, no amendment
         shall increase the maximum number of Shares for which Options may be
         granted, reduce the minimum Option price, extend the maximum Option
         period, or permit the granting of Options after December 31, 2005.

16.      Termination of the Plan
         -----------------------

         The Board may, in its discretion, terminate this Plan at any time prior
         to December 31, 2005. Termination of the Plan shall not deprive
         Optionees of Options granted prior to termination of the Plan.

17.      Effective Date - Shareholder Approval
         -------------------------------------

         This Plan shall become effective as of January 2, 1996, and Options may
         be granted at any time on or after that date. However, no Option may be
         exercised unless this Plan is approved by a vote of the holders of a
         majority of the outstanding Shares of Commerce's Common Stock at a
         meeting of shareholders of Commerce held within twelve months after
         January 2, 1996.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit10-2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>


                    AMENDED 2001 DIRECTORS STOCK OPTION PLAN
                       PENNSYLVANIA COMMERCE BANCORP, INC.
                       -----------------------------------


         1.       Purpose of Plan
                  ---------------

                  The purpose of this Plan is to enable Pennsylvania Commerce
         Bancorp, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as the "Company") to continue to
         attract and retain the services of nonemployee directors, directors
         emeritus, advisory directors, consultants and others with outstanding
         abilities by making it possible for them to purchase shares of the
         Company's Common Stock on terms which will give them a direct and
         continuing interest in the future success of the Company's business.

         2.       Definitions

                  "Company" means Pennsylvania Commerce Bancorp, Inc., a
         Pennsylvania business corporation.

                  "Committee of the Board" means a committee established by the
         Board consisting of three or more members of the Board. The Personnel
         Committee may be this committee.

                  "Director" for purposes of this Plan means a director of the
         Company who is not regularly employed on a salary basis by the Company
         or its subsidiary, Commerce Bank/Harrisburg, N.A.

                  "Eligible Participant" for purposes of this Plan means a
         Director, advisory director, director emeritus, consultant, or other
         individual the Board deems beneficial to the Company who is not
         regularly employed on a salary basis by the Company or its subsidiary,
         Commerce Bank/Harrisburg, N.A.

                  "Shares" means shares of Common Stock of the Company.

                  "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

                  "Optionee" means a person to whom an option has been granted
         under this Plan which has not expired or been fully exercised or
         surrendered.

         3.       Limits on Options
                  -----------------

                  The total number of shares for which options may be granted
         under this Plan shall not exceed in the aggregate 100,000 shares. This
         number shall be appropriately adjusted if the number of issued shares
         shall be increased or reduced by change in par value, combination, or
         split-up, reclassification, distribution of a dividend payable in
         stock, or the like. The number of shares previously optioned and not
         theretofore delivered and the option prices therefor shall likewise be
         appropriately adjusted whenever the number of issued shares shall be
         increased or reduced by any such procedure after the date or dates on
         which such shares were optioned. Shares covered by options which have
         expired or which have been surrendered may again be optioned under this
         Plan.

         4.       Adjustment of Options
                  ---------------------

                  The number of shares optioned from time to time to individual
         Optionees under the Plan, and the option prices therefor, shall be
         appropriately adjusted to reflect any changes in par value,
         combination, split-up, reclassification, distribution of dividend
         payable in stock, or the like.

         5.       Granting of Options
                  -------------------

                  The Board, or if the Board so determines, the Committee of the
         Board, is authorized to grant options to Eligible Participants pursuant
         to this Plan during the calendar year 2001 and in any calendar year
         thereafter to December 31, 2010, but not thereafter. The number of
         shares, if any, optioned in each year, the Optionees to whom options
         are granted, and the number of shares optioned to each Optionee
         selected shall be wholly within the discretion of the Board or the
         Committee of the Board. If



<PAGE>


         the Board acts, however, it shall do so only upon the advice
         and recommendation of the Committee of the Board upon all matters
         relating to the granting of options and the administration of this
         Plan, including determination of the rights and obligations of the
         Optionees. Any options granted in a given year shall be granted in
         February of that year.

         6.       Terms of Stock Options
                  ----------------------

                  The terms of stock options granted under this Plan shall be as
         follows:

                  (a) The option price shall be fixed by the Board or the
         Committee of the Board but shall in no event be less than 100% of the
         fair market value of the shares subject to the option on the date the
         option is granted. The fair market value of the shares shall be the
         average of the high and low sale prices of the Common Stock as reported
         on the NASDAQ Small Cap Market System on the trading day immediately
         preceding the date of grant or the closest preceding date if there are
         no high and low sale prices available on that date. If there are no
         high and low sale prices available for the Common Stock for the 30
         trading days preceding the applicable grant date, then the Board of
         Directors shall make a determination of the option price on the basis
         of information which it determines best reflects current fair market
         value.

                  (b) Options shall not be transferable otherwise than by will
         or by the laws of descent and distribution. No option shall be subject,
         in whole or in part, to attachment, execution or levy of any kind.

                  (c) Each option shall expire and all rights thereunder shall
         end ten (10) years after the date on which it was granted, subject in
         all cases to earlier expiration as provided in paragraphs (d), (e) and
         (f) of this Section 6 in the event an Optionee ceases to serve in the
         capacity to which he has been appointed or dies.

                  (d) During the lifetime of an Optionee, his/her option shall
         be exercisable only by him/her and only while serving in that capacity
         to which he has been appointed or within that period of time after
         he/she otherwise ceases so to serve as determined by the Board of
         Directors (but in any event not later than the end of the period
         specified in paragraph (c) of this, Section 6).

                  (e) If an Optionee dies within a period during which his/her
         option could have been exercised by him, his/her option may be
         exercised within three months after his/her death (but not later than
         the end of the period specified in paragraph (c) of this Section 6) by
         those entitled under his/her will or the laws of descent and
         distribution, but only if and to the extent the option was exercisable
         by him/her immediately prior to his/her death.

                  (f) If Optionee is removed as a Director for any of the
         reasons specified in Section 1726(b) of the Pennsylvania Business
         Corporation Law of 1988 ("BCL"), or from any other position to which he
         has been appointed for reasons similar to the reasons specified in
         Section 1726(b) of the BCL, all options theretofore granted to the
         Optionee preceding such removal shall be forfeited by Optionee and
         rendered unexercisable.

                  (g) Subject to the foregoing terms and to such additional or
         different terms regarding the exercise of the options as the Board or
         the Committee of the Board may fix at the time of grant, options may be
         exercised in whole or in part from time to time.

         7.       Vesting of Options
                  ------------------

                  No Option granted under this Plan after January 1, 2005 may be
         exercised within one year from the date of the grant of the Option.
         Options held more than one year may be exercised based upon the Option
         holding period, pursuant to the following schedule:



                                       2

<PAGE>


                  Option Holding Period                       Percent Vested
                  ---------------------                       --------------

         Less than 1 year                                             0%
         More than 1 year and less than 2 years                      25
         More than 2 years and less than 3 years                     50
         More than 3 years and less than 4 years                     75
         More than 4 years                                          100


         8.       Exercise of Options
                  ------------------

                  No option granted under this Plan may be exercised before the
         first to occur of (i) one year from the date of option grant, or (ii) a
         Change in Control of the Company. Thereafter, options may be exercised
         in whole, or from time to time in part, for up to the total number of
         shares then subject to the option, less the number of shares previously
         purchased by exercise of the option.

         9.       Change in Control
                  ------------------

                  For the purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control with
         respect to any Optionee shall be deemed to have occurred when any of
         the following events shall have occurred without the prior written
         consent of such Optionee:

                  (a) A change in identity of at least four (4) members of the
         Board of Directors or the addition of four (4) or more new members to
         the Board of Directors, or any combination of the foregoing, within any
         two (2) consecutive calendar year periods.

                  (b) A person or group acting in concert as described in
         Section 13(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
         (the "Exchange Act") proposes to hold or acquire beneficial ownership
         within the meaning of Rule 13(d)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act
         of a number of voting shares of the Company which constitutes either
         more than 50%, of the shares which voted in the election of Directors
         of the Company at the Shareholder's Meeting immediately preceding such
         determination, or (ii) more than 50% of the Company's outstanding
         voting shares. The term "proposes to hold or acquire"shall mean the
         right of a person or group to acquire or merge (whether such right is
         exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time, or upon the
         receipt of such regulatory approvals as are required by applicable law)
         pursuant to an agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether or not
         in writing) or upon the exercise or conversion of rights, exchange
         rights, warrants or options, or otherwise.

                  (c) A person or group acting in concert as described in
         Section 13(d)(2) of the Exchange Act has commenced a tender or exchange
         offer with respect to the voting shares of the Company or securities
         convertible or exchangeable into voting shares of the Company.

                  (d) A person or group acting in concert as described in
         Section 13(d)(2) of the Exchange Act has the right to vote shares of
         the Company pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding
         (whether or not in writing), either (i) more than 50% of the shares
         which voted in the election of Directors of the Company at the
         Shareholder's Meeting immediately preceding such determination, or (ii)
         more than 50% of the Company's outstanding voting shares; provided,
         however, that such person or group acting in concert, shall not be
         deemed to have acquired such shares if the agreement, arrangement or
         understanding to vote such securities rises solely from a revocable
         proxy given in response to a Proxy Solicitation by management of the
         Company in connection with the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders of
         the Company.

10.      Reorganization of the Company
         -----------------------------

         In the event that the Company is succeeded by another corporation or
Company in a reorganization, merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or
stock, separation or liquidation, the successor corporation or Company shall
assume the outstanding options granted under this Plan or shall substitute new
options for them.



                                       3


<PAGE>


11.      Delivery of Shares
         ------------------

         No shares shall be delivered upon the exercise of an option until the
option price has been paid in full in cash or, at the discretion of the Board or
the Committee of the Board, in whole or in part in the Company's Common Stock
owned by the Optionee valued at fair market value on the date of exercise. If
required by the Board, no shares will be delivered upon the exercise of an
option until the Optionee has given the Company a satisfactory written statement
that he/she is purchasing the shares for investment and not with a view to the
sale or distribution of any such shares.

12.      Administration
         --------------

         The Board or the Committee of the Board may make such rules and
regulations and establish such procedures, as it deems appropriate for the
administration of this Plan. In the event of a disagreement as to the
interpretation of this Plan or any amendment thereto or any rule, regulation or
procedure thereunder or as to any right or obligation arising from or related to
this Plan, the decision of the Board or the Committee of the Board (excluding,
however, any Optionee(s) affected by such dispute or disagreement) shall be
final and binding upon all persons in interest, including the Company and its
shareholders.

12.      Reservation of Shares
         ---------------------

         Shares delivered upon the exercise of an option shall, in the
discretion of the Board or the Committee of the Board, be either shares
heretofore or hereafter authorized and then unissued, or previously issued
shares heretofore or hereafter acquired through purchase in the open market or
otherwise, or some of each. The Company shall be under no obligation to reserve
or to retain in its treasury any particular number of shares at any time, and no
particular shares, whether unissued or held as treasury shares, shall be
identified as those optioned under this Plan.

13.      Amendment of Plan
         -----------------

         The Board may amend this Plan from time to time as it deems desirable.

14.      Termination of the Plan
         -----------------------

         The Board may, in its discretion, terminate this Plan at any time prior
to December 31, 2010, but no such termination shall deprive Optionees of their
rights under their options.

15.      Effective Date
         --------------

         This Plan shall become effective on January 1, 2001, and options
hereunder may be granted at any time on or after that date.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
