
Exhibit 99 - Press Release

       Advanced Plant Pharmaceuticals acquires 99 per cent of Mazal Plant
    Pharmaceuticals Inc. A Company Focused on Developing Three Drugs for FDA
                               Approval Process.

New York, NY-- David Lieberman, CEO of Advanced Plant Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
(OTCBB: APPI) confirmed today the closing of an asset sale agreement entered
with Mazal Plant Pharmaceuticals Inc., a private Delaware corporation ("Mazal")
whereby in exchange for of 7,000,000 shares of common stock of Mazal, APPI
transferred intellectual property to Mazal relating to three whole plant
pharmaceutical drugs. Mazal presently has 7,050,100 shares of common stock
issued and outstanding. Mazal is focused on the FDA development, testing,
manufacturing and selling of plant pharmaceutical drugs.

APPI focuses on the research and development of whole plant-based products. APPI
has developed three potential whole plant pharmaceutical drugs formulas:

      o     MAHDL designed to lower cholesterol and improve HDL/LDL levels is
            targeted to over 50 Million potential customers in the US and
            Canada.

      o     Leuknil, a Plant-based Pharmaceutical composition designed to treat
            leukemia, and o as well as a plant-based composition designed to
            treat Alzheimer's disease.

APPI has also developed a method for producing these compositions into a drug
form. Mazal initial plans are to apply for an Investigational New Drug from the
FDA and to pursue Phase 2 for the cholesterol drug.

Under the terms of the agreement, APPI has transferred its intellectual property
rights (with exception of rights previously assigned to other entities) to
Mazal, including all patents, trademarks and service marks, labels and
copyrights, and all registrations and applications worldwide related to the
three pharmaceuticals, as well as all technical processes, formulas, recipes
and/or other such information related to development, testing, manufacturing,
packaging and selling of the same.

In exchange, APPI will receive, on a quarterly basis, a royalty on all sales
subject to the terms of the agreement. The Company also acquired 7,000,000
shares of common stock of Mazal.

APPI continues to pursue sales of its nutritional product Lo-Chol targeted for
the nutritional cholesterol market and Sinusol, a OTC homeopathic drug for
treating sinus and allergy ailments

Mazal expects to announce the management team and its web site in the near
future.

Additional corporate information is available on the Company's website,
www.advancedplantpharm.com.
<PAGE>

Forward-Looking Statements:

This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning and pursuant
to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
and involve risks and uncertainties that may individually or mutually impact the
matters herein described, including but not limited to product development and
acceptance, manufacturing, competition, regulatory and/or other factors, which
are outside the control of the Company.

Contact:

LC Group
(404) 261-1196


