
[ EXHIBIT 99.1 - PRESS RELEASE ]


     International Star, Inc. Announces Re-capitalization, Approval of a Stock
     Option and Restricted Stock Plan and the Election of the Board of Directors
     for calendar year 2005.


For Immediate Release

HENDERSON, Nev./EWORLDWIRE/Dec. 23, 2004 --- International Star, Inc. (Pink
Sheets: ISRI) today announced that it has by taking the written consents of
shareholders holding a majority of the shares eligible to vote on such matters
increased the authorized capitalization of the Company, approval a Stock Option
and Restricted Stock Plan and announced the election of its Board of Directors.
Actions were taken in lieu of a meeting of shareholders, as authorized by NRS
78.320.


Total Authorized Capital Stock Increased to 780 Million Shares of Common Stock
and 20 Million Shares of Undesignated Preferred Stock

Having deemed the current capitalization inadequate to meet the future needs of
the corporation; and to ensure the Company has capital stock available in the
future for issue for legitimate corporate purposes; the Company has amended its
Articles of Incorporation as follows:
Article the Fourth is amended to read as follows: Effective December 24, 2004

          "The total authorized capital stock of the corporation shall be Seven
     Hundred Eighty Million (780,000,000) shares of $.001 par value Common
     Stock, all of which shall be entitled to voting power when issued, and
     Twenty Million (20,000,000) shares of undesignated preferred stock. The
     Board of Directors may issue authorized shares of common and preferred
     stock from time to time without action by the shareholders, at such
     consideration as may from time to time be set by the Board of Directors.
     The Board of Directors may issue such shares of common and preferred stock
     in one or more series, at such price and in such number of each series with
     such voting powers, designations, preferences, and rights or qualifications
     or restrictions thereof as shall be stated in the resolution or resolutions
     adopted by them."

Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan Approved

The Company announced today that eighteen million (18,000,000) shares of the
authorized but unissued Common Stock (the "Shares") of the Corporation be
reserved for issuance pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Plan currently
under consideration by its Board of Directors.

Board of Directors Announced For 2005

The Company announced the following individuals have been elected Directors of
the Corporation beginning as of January 1, 2005, to serve for one year or until
their successors are elected and qualified: Robert L. Hawkins, Denny Cashatt,
Kamal Alawas and Hassan Alaeddine.



