-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 CfR4YvBavtTQuIVvpyTlpHSu+MsJMhdKnmBvVSgiQ8udhX1BH2LiOEScVX691QzO
 AMKEnqW5yFqf9cZ7XUElug==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001157523-04-011806.txt : 20041229
<SEC-HEADER>0001157523-04-011806.hdr.sgml : 20041229
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041229135434
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001157523-04-011806
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041229
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041229

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EDGAR ONLINE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001080224
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				061447017
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32194
		FILM NUMBER:		041230524

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 WASHINGTON ST
		CITY:			NORWALK
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06854
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2038525666

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 WASHINGTON ST
		CITY:			NORWALK
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06854
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a4791087.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EDGAR ONLINE, INC. 8-K
<TEXT>


                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              Washington, DC 20549
                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT
                     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                         Securities Exchange Act of 1934



       Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): December 27, 2004



                               EDGAR ONLINE, INC.
               (Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)



           DELAWARE                    0-26071                   06-1447017
 (State or Other Jurisdiction        (Commission              (I.R.S. Employer
       of incorporation)             File Number)            Identification No.)


                              50 Washington Street
                           Norwalk, Connecticut 06854
             (Address of principal executive offices, with zip code)

                                 (203) 852-5666
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

|_|  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17
     CFR 230.425)

|_|  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
     240.14a-12)

|_|  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

|_|  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


<PAGE>


Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On December 27, 2004, EDGAR Online, Inc. (the "Company") entered into a new
Employment Agreement with Greg Adams (the "Agreement"), the Company's current
Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and a member of the Company's
board of directors, replacing Mr. Adam's prior employment agreement dated as of
February 1, 2002.

Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company will employ Mr. Adams as Chief Financial
Officer and Chief Operating Officer for a two-year term, unless the Agreement is
terminated earlier in accordance with its terms. Thereafter, the Agreement will
automatically renew for additional one-year periods unless terminated by either
party thirty days prior to the end of the initial or any renewal period. Under
the Agreement, Mr. Adams will receive a minimum base salary of $210,000 and will
be entitled to participate in an incentive bonus program based upon the
achievement of certain performance objectives established by the Company or the
Company's compensation committee. Mr. Adams will also receive a commutation
allowance of $1,500 per month. In addition, the Agreement provides that Mr.
Adams will be issued a stock option to purchase 150,000 shares of the Company's
common stock at a price per share equal to the closing price per share of the
Company's common stock on December 27, 2004.

The Agreement may be terminated by the Company for "cause" or due to Mr. Adams's
death or disability. If there is a change of control of the Company and the
Agreement is terminated by either the Company or Mr. Adams within the term, or
if the Agreement is terminated by the Company other than for "cause," Mr.
Adams's death or disability, or if Mr. Adams terminates the Agreement for "good
reason," Mr. Adams will receive the cost of outplacement counseling of up to
$25,000 and a severance payment equal to 1.5 times the sum of his then
applicable base salary and the average of his last two cash bonuses. If the
Company does not renew the Agreement, Mr. Adams is entitled to a severance
payment equal to the sum of his then applicable base salary and the average of
his last two cash bonuses. The Agreement also contains certain restrictive
covenants and other prohibitions against Mr. Adams for a one-year period
following the effective date of termination, including that which prohibits him
from competing with the Company or soliciting its employees or customers. A copy
of the Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.44 and is incorporated herein
by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(c)  Exhibits

10.44 Employment Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2004, between Greg Adams
      and the Company

                                       2
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: December 29, 2004                    EDGAR ONLINE, INC.

                                           /s/ Susan Strausberg
                                           --------------------
                                           Susan Strausberg
                                           Chief Executive Officer and President

                                       3
<PAGE>


                                  EXHIBIT INDEX
                                  -------------

Exhibit No.    Description
- -----------    -----------
  10.44        Employment Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2004, between Greg
               Adams and the Company




                                       4

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.44
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>a4791087ex1044.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EDGAR ONLINE, INC. EXHIBIT 10.44
<TEXT>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.44

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
                              --------------------

     EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") made as of the 27h day of December,
2004 (the "Effective Date"), between EDGAR Online, Inc. with its principal
office at 50 Washington Street, Norwalk, Connecticut ("Company"), and Greg D.
Adams having an address at 50 Washington Street, Norwalk, Connecticut
("Employee").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS, the Company is a financial and business information company; and

     WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee previously entered into an Employment
Agreement dated as of February 1, 2002, as amended (the "Original Agreement");
and

     WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee desire to replace and supersede the
Original Agreement by entering into a new Employment Agreement.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements
hereinafter set forth, the parties agree as follows:

     1. Employment. The Company shall employ the Employee and the Employee shall
serve the Company, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

     2. Term. The term of the Employee's employment shall commence on the
Effective Date and unless terminated earlier or extended as provided below,
shall continue for a period of two years from the Effective Date (the
"Employment Term"). Upon the expiration of the initial employment term and on
each anniversary date thereafter, the employment of Employee shall be renewed
and extended for additional successive one year terms unless either party
provides written notice to the other party, of his or its, as the case may be,
desire to terminate the Agreement at least thirty (30) days prior to each
renewal date.

     3. Duties. During the Employment Term, the Employee shall have such duties,
functions, authority and responsibilities normally associated with the positions
and offices of Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. During the
Employment Term, the Employee shall devote his full attention and business time
to the business and affairs of the Company and the Employee will use his best
efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently, and to discharge, the Employee's
responsibilities and duties under the Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Employee may devote such time to manage his personal affairs and to serve on
community, corporate, civic, professional or charitable boards or committees, so
long as such activities do not unreasonably interfere with the performance of
the Employee's duties and responsibilities under the Agreement.

     4. Compensation and Employee Benefits. The Employee's base salary during
the initial term of employment shall be no less than $210,000 commencing on the
Effective Date and payable in accordance with the Company's payroll practices as
in effect from time to time. The Employee's base salary will be reviewed
annually by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the "Committee") and/or by
the Company's Board of Directors (the "Board") to determine whether an increase
is warranted or appropriate. The Employee shall also receive 150,000 stock
options on the Effective Date to purchase the Company's stock pursuant to the
terms and conditions of the Company's 1999 Stock Option Plan. The Employee also
will be entitled to be considered for awards each year under the Company's then
existing incentive compensation program, which may take into account individual
and Company-wide performance, or such other performance criteria as the
Committee and/or the Board may from time to time apply.

   5. Benefits. During the Employment Term, the Employee shall have the right to
participate in such health and disability insurance plans which the Company may
provide to its senior executive officers and for which the Employee is eligible
(e.g., long term disability, life insurance and medical insurance for the
Employee and his dependents). The Employee shall also be entitled to the
continuation of the life insurance policy he was previously receiving from the
Company prior to the Effective Date. During the Employment Term, the Employee
will be entitled to four weeks of paid vacation per annum. Such vacation may be
taken in the Employee's discretion with the prior approval of the Company, and
at such time or times as are not inconsistent with the reasonable business needs
of the Company.

     6. Business Expenses. The Company will provide the Employee a Commutation
Allowance of $1,500 per month. In addition, all reasonable travel, entertainment
and other expenses incident to the performance of the Employee's duties or the
rendering of services incurred on behalf of the Company by the Employee during
the Employment Term shall be paid by the Company.

     7. Termination. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2 hereof, the
Employee's employment with the Company may be earlier terminated as follows:

     (a) By action taken by the Board, the Employee may be discharged for cause
(as defined below), effective as of such time as the Board shall determine. Upon
discharge of the Employee pursuant to this Section 7(a), the Company shall have
no further obligation or duties to the Employee, except for payment of accrued
salary, bonus and benefits payable to the Employee through the date of
termination of employment, and the Employee shall have no further obligations or
duties to the Company, except as provided in Section 8.

     (b) In the event of (i) the death of the Employee or (ii) by action of the
Board in the event of the inability of the Employee, by reason of physical or
mental disability, to continue substantially to perform his duties hereunder for
ay 180 consecutive day period during the Employment Term, during which 180 day
period salary and any other benefits hereunder shall not be suspended or
diminished. Upon any termination of the Employee's employment under this Section
7(b), the Company shall have no further obligations or duties to the Employee,
except for payment of accrued salary, bonus and benefits payable to the Employee
through the date of termination of employment, and the Employee shall have no
further obligations or duties to the Company, except as provided in Section 8.

     (c) In the event that (i) there is a change of control of the Company (as
defined below), and the Agreement is terminated by either the Employee or the
Company for whatever reason (other than for the reasons specified in Section
7(a) and (b) hereof) within the Employment Term; or (ii) the Company terminates
this Agreement during the Employment Term for any reason other than those
covered by Section 7(a) or (b); or (iii) the Employee terminates the Agreement
for "Good Reason" (as defined below), the Company shall pay to the Employee, in
addition to the payment of accrued salary, bonus and benefits payable to the
Employee through the date of termination of employment, (i) the cost of
outplacement counseling with the maximum cost to the Company not to exceed
$25,000 and (ii) a payment equal to 1.5 times (x) the Employee's then applicable
base salary and (y) the average of the last two cash bonuses paid to the
Employee. Such payments shall be delivered in one lump sum payment of up to 75%
of the total amount due and the remainder in 18 monthly installments over a one
and one-half period or 18 equal monthly installments over a one and one-half
year period (the manner of payment to be determined by the Employee). In
addition, the Company shall also, during the 18 month period following
Employee's termination due to this Section 7(c): (i) maintain health benefits
for the Employee and his dependents for such period or until Employee obtains
full-time employment with an employer that provides comparable health coverage;
(ii) continue other benefit payments, including the commutation allowance, for
such period; (iii) allow the Employee to elect to make contributions to the
Company's 401k Plan, however, such contributions will not receive any Company
Matching Contribution in effect at that time; and (iv) allow Employee's stock
options and other awards under the Company's stock option plans to immediately
vest and remain exercisable for the period of the lesser of (i) the original
term of the stock option or (ii) five years (collectively, the "Severance
Benefits.")

     (d) For purposes of this Agreement, the Company shall have "cause" to
terminate the Employee's employment under this Agreement upon (i) the failure by
the Employee to substantially perform his duties under the Agreement, (ii) the
engaging by the Employee in criminal misconduct (including embezzlement and
criminal fraud) which is materially injurious to the Company, monetarily or
otherwise, (iii) the conviction of the Employee of a felony, or (iv) gross
negligence on the part of the Employee. The Company shall give written notice to
the Employee, which notice shall specify the grounds for the proposed
termination and the Employee shall be given thirty (30) days to cure if the
grounds arise under clauses (i) or (iv) above.

     (e) For purposes of this Agreement, a "change of control of the Company"
shall mean the occurrence of (i) the acquisition by an individual, entity, or
group of the beneficial ownership of 50% or more of (1) the outstanding common
stock, or (2) the combined voting power of the Company's voting securities;
provided, however, that the following acquisitions will not constitute a "change
of control": (x) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan of the Company or
any affiliate or (y) any acquisition by any corporation if, immediately
following such acquisition, more than 50% of the outstanding common stock and
the outstanding voting securities of such corporation is beneficially owned by
all or substantially all of those who, immediately prior to such acquisition,
were the beneficial owners of the common stock and the Company's voting
securities (in substantially similar proportions as their ownership of such
Company securities immediately prior thereto); or (ii) the approval by the
Company's stockholders of a reorganization, merger or consolidation, other than
one with respect to which all or substantially all of those who were the
beneficial owners, immediately prior to such reorganization, merger or
consolidation, of the Common Stock and the Company's voting securities
beneficially own, immediately after such transaction, more than 50% of the
outstanding common stock and voting securities of the corporation resulting from
such transaction (in substantially the same proportions as their ownership,
immediately prior thereto, of the Common Stock and the Company's voting
securities); or (iii) the approval by the Company's stockholders of the sale or
other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company,
other than to a subsidiary of the Company.

     (f) For purposes of this Agreement, "Good Reason" shall mean either (i) a
material breach of the Agreement by the Company, (ii) removal of the Employee by
the Company from the Board or the failure of the Company to nominate Employee as
a Board member for any reason other than those specified in Section 7(a) and (b)
hereof or due to Employee's request, (iii) a material reduction in Employee's
duties or the assignment of duties to Employee that are materially inconsistent
with the duties and positions set forth in Section 3 hereof; or (iv) the
relocation of the Company's offices more than 45 miles from its current
location. If the Employee terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 7(c) for
"Good Reason," the Employee shall give written notice to the Company, which
notice shall specify the grounds for the proposed "Good Reason" and the Company
shall be given thirty (30) days to cure if the grounds arise under clauses (i)
or (iii) above.

      (g) In the event that the Company decides not to renew the Agreement
pursuant to Section 2 hereof, the Company will pay the Employee a payment equal
to (x) the Employee's then applicable base salary and (y) the average of the
last two cash bonuses paid to the Employee in 12 equal monthly installments over
a one year period and will maintain the Severance Benefits as described in
Section 7(c) during such one year period.

     8. Confidentiality; Noncompetition.

     (a) The Company and the Employee acknowledge that the services to be
performed by the Employee under the Agreement are unique and extraordinary and,
as a result of such employment, the Employee will be in possession of
confidential information relating to the business practices of the Company. The
term "confidential information" shall mean any and all information (oral or
written) relating to the Company or any of its affiliates, or any of their
respective activities, other than such information which can be shown by the
Employee to be in the public domain (such information not being deemed to be in
the public domain merely because it is embraced by more general information
which is in the public domain) other than as the result of breach of the
provisions of this Section 8(a), including, but not limited to, information
relating to: trade secrets, proprietary information, personnel lists, financial
information, research projects, services used, pricing, customers, customer
lists and prospects, product sourcing, marketing and selling and servicing. The
Employee agrees that he will not, during his employment or subsequent to the
termination of employment, directly or indirectly, use, communicate, disclose or
disseminate to any person, firm or corporation any confidential information
regarding the clients, customers or business practices of the Company acquired
by the Employee during his employment by Company, without the prior written
consent of Company; provided, however, that the Employee understands that
Employee will be prohibited from misappropriating any trade secret at any time
during or after the termination of employment. At no time during the Employment
Term or thereafter shall the Employee directly or indirectly, disparage the
commercial, business or financial reputation of the Company.

     (b) In consideration of Company's hiring Employee, the payment by the
Company to the Employee as described below and for other good and valuable
consideration, the Employee hereby agrees that he shall not, during the
Employment Term and for a period of one (1) year following such employment (the
"Restrictive Period"), directly or indirectly, take any action which constitutes
an interference with or a disruption of any of the Company's business
activities.

     (c) For purposes of clarification, but not of limitation, the Employee
hereby acknowledges and agrees that the provisions of subparagraph 8(b) above
shall serve as a prohibition against him, during the Restrictive Period, from:

     (1) directly or indirectly, contacting, soliciting or directing any person,
     firm, or corporation to contact or solicit, any of the Company's customers,
     prospective customers, or business partners for the purpose of selling or
     attempting to sell, any products and/or services that are the same or
     substantially similar to the products and services provided by the Company
     to its customers during the Restrictive Period. In addition, the Employee
     will not disclose the identity of any such business partners, customers, or
     prospective customers, or any part thereof, to any person, firm,
     corporation, association, or other entity for any reason or purpose
     whatsoever;

     (2) directly or indirectly, engaging or carrying on in any manner
     (including, without limitation, as principal, shareholder, partner, lender,
     agent, employee, consultant, or investor (other than a passive investor
     with less than a five percent (5%) interest) trustee or through the agency
     of any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or association)
     in any business that is in competition with the engaged in any business in
     competition with the business of the Company; or

     (3) soliciting on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person, the
     services of any person who is an employee of the Company, or soliciting any
     of the Company's employees to terminate employment with the Company.

     (d) Upon the termination of the Employee's employment for any reason
whatsoever, all documents, records, notebooks, equipment, price lists,
specifications, programs, customer and prospective customer lists and other
materials which refer or relate to any aspect of the business of the Company
which are in the possession or under the control of the Employee including all
copies thereof, shall be promptly returned to the Company.

     (e) The parties hereto hereby acknowledge and agree that (i) the Company
would be irreparably injured in the event of a breach by the Employee of any of
his obligations under this Section 8, (ii) monetary damages would not be an
adequate remedy for any such breach, and (iii) the Company shall be entitled to
injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedy which it may have, in the
event of any such breach.

     (f) The rights and remedies enumerated in Section 8(e) shall be independent
of the other, and shall be enforceable, and all of such rights and remedies
shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies
available to the Company under law or in equity.

     (g) If any provision contained in this Section 8 is hereafter construed to
be invalid or unenforceable, the same shall not affect the remainder of the
covenant or covenants, which shall be given full effect, without regard to the
invalid portions.

     (h) This Section 8 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

     (i) It is the intent of the parties hereto that the covenants contained in
this Section 8 shall be enforced to the fullest extent permissible under the
laws and public policies of each jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought
(the Employee hereby acknowledging that said restrictions are reasonably
necessary for the protection of the Company). Accordingly, it is hereby agreed
that if any of the provisions of this Section 8 shall be adjudicated to be
invalid or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever, said provision shall be
(only with respect to the operation thereof in the particular jurisdiction in
which such adjudication is made) construed by limiting and reducing it so as to
be enforceable to the extent permissible, without invalidating the remaining
provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of said
provision in any other jurisdiction.

     9. Prior Agreements. This Agreement cancels and supersedes any and all
prior agreements and understandings between the parties hereto respecting the
employment of Employee by the Company, including, without limitation, the
Original Agreement.

     10. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or sent by
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, to the other party
hereto at his or its address as set forth in the beginning of this Agreement.
Either party may change the address to which notices, requests, demands and
other communications hereunder shall be sent by sending written notice of such
change of address to the other party in the manner above provided.

     11. Assignability and Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure to the
benefit of and shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, successors
and legal representatives of Employee and shall inure to the benefit of and be
binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns. The Employee may not
delegate or assign his duties or rights under this Agreement.

     12. Waiver. Waiver by either party hereto of any breach or default by the
other party in respect of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement
shall not operate as a waiver of any other breach or default, whether similar to
or different from the breach or default waived.

     13. Complete Understanding: Amendment and Termination. This Agreement
constitutes the complete understanding between the parties with respect to the
employment of Employee hereunder and no statement, representation, warranty or
covenant has been made by either party with respect thereto except as expressly
set froth herein. This Agreement shall not be altered, modified, amended or
terminated except by written instrument signed by each of the parties hereto
provided, however, that the waiver by either party hereto of compliance with any
provision hereof or of any breach or default by the other party hereto need be
signed only by the party waiving such provision, breach or default.

     14. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be an original but all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same Agreement.

     15. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut.


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as
of the day and year first above written.

EDGAR ONLINE, INC.

/s/ Susan Strausberg
- --------------------
By: Susan Strausberg
Its:  Chief Executive Officer and President
Date: December 27, 2004

/s/ Greg D. Adams
- -----------------
Greg D. Adams
Date: December 27, 2004

                                       16

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
