

                               SECURITY AGREEMENT

      THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT (this  "AGREEMENT"),  dated as of this 15th day of
December,  2004,  is made by SMALL WORLD KIDS,  INC.  (the  "GRANTOR"),  with an
address at 5711 Buckingham Parkway,  Culver City,  California 90230, in favor of
PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("PNC"),  with an address at 2 North Lake Avenue,
Suite 440,  Pasadena,  California  91101,  as agent ("AGENT") for itself and the
other  Lenders  (PNC,   the  other  Lenders  and  Agent  shall  be  referred  to
collectively  and  individually,  as  "BANK")  under the  Revolving  Credit  and
Security  Agreement  (the  "LOAN  AGREEMENT")  among  Bank and Small  World Toys
("BORROWER").

      Under the  terms  hereof,  the Agent  desires  to obtain  and the  Grantor
desires to grant the Agent security for all of the  Obligations  (as hereinafter
defined).

      NOW, THEREFORE,  the Grantor and the Agent, intending to be legally bound,
hereby agree as follows:

1.    DEFINITIONS.

      (a)  "COLLATERAL"  shall  include all  personal  property of the  Grantor,
including the following,  all whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising
and wherever located: (i) accounts (including health-care-insurance  receivables
and credit card receivables); (ii) securities entitlements, securities accounts,
commodity accounts,  commodity contracts and investment property;  (iii) deposit
accounts;   (iv)  instruments   (including   promissory  notes);  (v)  documents
(including warehouse receipts); (vi) chattel paper (including electronic chattel
paper and tangible  chattel paper);  (vii)  inventory,  including raw materials,
work in process, or materials used or consumed in Grantor's business, items held
for sale or lease or furnished or to be  furnished  under  contracts of service,
sale or lease, goods that are returned,  reclaimed or repossessed;  (viii) goods
of every nature, including stock-in-trade, goods on consignment, standing timber
that is to be cut and  removed  under a  conveyance  or contract  for sale,  the
unborn young of animals,  crops  grown,  growing,  or to be grown,  manufactured
homes,  computer  programs  embedded  in such  goods  and  farm  products;  (ix)
equipment,  including  machinery,  vehicles and  furniture;  (x) fixtures;  (xi)
agricultural  liens;  (xii)  as-extracted  collateral;  (xiii)  commercial  tort
claims, if any, described on Exhibit "A" hereto;  (xiv) letter of credit rights;
(xv)  general  intangibles,  of every kind and  description,  including  payment
intangibles, software, computer information, source codes, object codes, records
and data,  all  existing and future  customer  lists,  choses in action,  claims
(including claims for  indemnification or breach of warranty),  books,  records,
patents   and   patent   applications,   copyrights,   trademarks,   tradenames,
tradestyles, trademark applications, goodwill, blueprints, drawings, designs and
plans, trade secrets, contracts, licenses, license agreements, formulae, tax and
any other types of refunds, returned and unearned insurance premiums, rights and
claims under insurance policies;  (xvi) all supporting obligations of all of the
foregoing  property;  (xvii) all property of the Grantor now or hereafter in the
Bank's  possession or in transit to or from, or under the custody or control of,
the Bank or any  affiliate  thereof;  (xviii)  all  cash  and  cash  equivalents
thereof;  and (xix) all cash and noncash proceeds (including insurance proceeds)
of all of the  foregoing  property,  all products  thereof and all additions and
accessions  thereto,   substitutions  therefor  and  replacements  thereof.  The
Collateral shall also include any and all other tangible or intangible  property
that is described as being part of the Collateral pursuant to one or more Riders
to Security  Agreement  that may be attached  hereto or delivered in  connection
herewith,  including the Rider to Security Agreement - Copyrights,  the Rider to
Security  Agreement - Patents,  the Rider to Security Agreement - Trademarks and
the Rider to Security Agreement - Cash Collateral Account.

      (b) "EXISTING  NOTES" shall mean,  collectively,  the  following:  (i) the
Secured  Promissory  Note,  dated May 20, 2004, by Savon Team Sports,  Inc. (now
known as Small World Kids,  Inc.),  in favor of Eddy  Goldwasser,  in the stated
principal amount of $1,000,000,  and the Promissory Note, dated May 20, 2004, by


                                      -1-
<PAGE>


Savon Team Sports,  Inc. (now known as Small World Kids, Inc.), in favor of Eddy
Goldwasser, in the stated principal amount of "$700,000 (Subject to Adjustment)"
(collectively,  the "SELLER NOTE"),  (ii) the Term Note,  dated May 20, 2004, by
Savon Team Sports,  Inc. (now known as Small World Kids, Inc.), in favor of SWT,
LLC, in the stated  principal  amount of $5,000,000 (the "SWT NOTE"),  (iii) the
Promissory  Note,  dated  September __, 2004, by Grantor,  in favor of St. Cloud
Capital  Partners L.P., in the stated  principal  amount of $2,000,000 (the "ST.
CLOUD  NOTE"),  and (iv) the  Promissory  Note,  dated  September  17, 2004,  by
Grantor, in favor of Strome Hedgecap Ltd and/or Strome Investment Management, in
the stated principal amount of $1,200,000 (the "STROME NOTE"). The SWT Note, the
St.  Cloud  Note  and  the  Strome  Note  are  collectively  referred  to as the
"NONSELLER NOTES".

      (c) "OBLIGATIONS" shall include all loans, advances,  debts,  liabilities,
obligations,  covenants  and duties  owing by the Grantor  under the  Continuing
Guaranty ("GUARANTY"), of even date herewith, by Grantor, in favor of Bank, with
respect to the  indebtedness  of Borrower,  this  Agreement,  and any  agreement
entered into in connection herewith or therewith, of any kind or nature, present
or future (including any interest accruing thereon after maturity,  or after the
filing of any petition in bankruptcy,  or the  commencement  of any  insolvency,
reorganization  or like  proceeding  relating to the  Grantor,  whether or not a
claim for post-filing or post-petition  interest is allowed in such proceeding),
whether  direct  or  indirect   (including   those  acquired  by  assignment  or
participation),  absolute or contingent, joint or several, due or to become due,
now existing or  hereafter  arising,  whether or not (i)  evidenced by any note,
guaranty or other  instrument,  (ii) arising under any agreement,  instrument or
document, (iii) for the payment of money, (iv) arising by reason of an extension
of credit,  opening of a letter of credit,  loan,  equipment lease or guarantee,
(v) under any interest or currency swap,  future,  option or other interest rate
protection or similar agreement, (vi) under or by reason of any foreign currency
transaction,  forward,  option or other  similar  transaction  providing for the
purchase of one currency in exchange for the sale of another currency, or in any
other manner,  (vii)  arising out of overdrafts on deposit or other  accounts or
out of electronic funds transfers (whether by wire transfer or through automated
clearing  houses or  otherwise) or out of the return unpaid of, or other failure
of the Bank to receive final payment for, any check, item,  instrument,  payment
order or other  deposit or credit to a deposit or other  account,  or out of the
Bank's  non-receipt of or inability to collect funds or otherwise not being made
whole in  connection  with  depository or other  similar  arrangements;  and any
amendments,  extensions,  renewals and increases of or to any of the  foregoing,
and  all  costs  and  expenses  of  the  Bank  incurred  in  the  documentation,
negotiation,  modification,  enforcement, collection and otherwise in connection
with any of the foregoing, including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses.

      (d)  "PERMITTED  ENCUMBRANCES"  shall mean (i) liens in favor of Agent for
the  benefit  of Agent and Bank;  (ii)  liens for  taxes,  assessments  or other
governmental  charges not  delinquent  or being  contested  in good faith and by
appropriate  proceedings  and with  respect to which proper  reserves  have been
taken by Grantor;  provided, that, the lien shall have no effect on the priority
of the  liens in favor of Agent or the value of the  assets  in which  Agent has
such a lien and a stay of enforcement of any such lien shall be in effect; (iii)
liens with respect to which Agent has consented to in writing;  (iv) deposits or
pledges to secure  obligations under worker's  compensation,  social security or
similar laws, or under unemployment insurance; (v) deposits or pledges to secure
bids,  tenders,  contracts  (other  than  contracts  for the  payment of money),
leases, statutory obligations,  surety and appeal bonds and other obligations of
like nature  arising in the ordinary  course of business;  (vi) liens arising by
virtue of the rendition,  entry or issuance against Grantor,  or any property of
Grantor,  of any judgment,  writ, order, or decree for so long as each such lien
(y) is in existence for less than 20  consecutive  days after it first arises or
is being  "Properly  Contested" (as defined in the Loan Agreement) and (z) is at
all times junior in priority to any liens in favor of Agent;  (vii)  mechanics',
workers',  materialmen's  or other like liens arising in the ordinary  course of
business  with  respect  to  obligations  which  are not due or which  are being
contested  in good faith by Grantor;  and (viii)  liens placed upon fixed assets
hereafter  acquired to secure a portion of the purchase price thereof,  provided
that (y) any such lien shall not encumber any other  property of Grantor and (z)
the aggregate amount of indebtedness  secured by such liens incurred as a result
of such  purchases  during any fiscal year shall not exceed the amount  provided
for in Section 6(g).


                                      -2-
<PAGE>


      (e) "UCC" means the Uniform Commercial Code, as adopted and enacted and as
in effect  from time to time in the State  whose  law  governs  pursuant  to the
Section of this Agreement entitled "Governing Law and Jurisdiction."  Terms used
herein which are defined in the UCC and not otherwise  defined herein shall have
the  respective  meanings  ascribed  to such terms in the UCC. To the extent the
definition of any category or type of  collateral is modified by any  amendment,
modification  or  revision  to the UCC,  such  modified  definition  will  apply
automatically as of the date of such amendment, modification or revision.

2. GRANT OF  SECURITY  INTEREST.  To secure the  Obligations,  the  Grantor,  as
debtor,  hereby  assigns  and grants to the Agent,  as  secured  party,  for the
benefit of Bank, a continuing lien on and security interest in the Collateral.

3. CHANGE IN NAME OR LOCATIONS.  The Grantor  hereby agrees that if the location
of the  Collateral  changes from the locations  listed on Exhibit "A" hereto and
made part hereof,  or if the Grantor changes its name, its type of organization,
its  state of  organization  (if  Grantor  is a  registered  organization),  its
principal  residence (if Grantor is an individual),  its chief executive  office
(if  Grantor  is  a  general  partnership  or  non-registered  organization)  or
establishes a name in which it may do business that is not listed as a tradename
on Exhibit "A" hereto,  the Grantor will immediately notify the Agent in writing
of the additions or changes.

4.  REPRESENTATIONS  AND  WARRANTIES.  The  Grantor  represents,   warrants  and
covenants  to the  Agent  that:  (a)  all  information,  including  its  type of
organization,  jurisdiction of organization,  chief executive  office,  and (for
individuals only) principal residence are as set forth on Exhibit "A" hereto and
are true and correct on the date  hereof;  (b) the Grantor has good,  marketable
and indefeasible  title to the Collateral,  has not made any prior sale, pledge,
encumbrance,  assignment or other disposition of any of the Collateral,  and the
Collateral is free from all encumbrances and rights of setoff of any kind except
the lien in favor of the Bank created by this  Agreement and the liens,  if any,
listed on Exhibit "A" hereto;  (c) except as herein  provided,  the Grantor will
not hereafter without the Agent's prior written consent sell, pledge,  encumber,
assign or  otherwise  dispose  of any of the  Collateral  or permit any right of
setoff,  lien or security  interest to exist thereon except to the Bank; (d) the
Grantor will defend the Collateral against all claims and demands of all persons
at any time  claiming the same or any interest  therein;  (e) Exhibit "A" hereto
contains a list of all of Grantor's  (i)  federally  registered  trademarks  and
service  marks,  and  all  applications  therefor,   (ii)  federally  registered
copyrights,   mask  works,  software,  computer  programs  and  other  works  of
authorship,  and all  applications  therefor,  and (iii) U.S. patents and patent
applications (collectively, "IP APPLICATIONS/REGISTRATIONS");  (f) Borrower is a
wholly-owned  subsidiary of Grantor, and Grantor has no other subsidiaries,  and
(g)  Grantor  received  all of the  membership  units of Fine  Ventures,  LLC in
exchange for shares of  Grantor's  stock,  and at the time of the exchange  Fine
Ventures, LLC's assets were less than $25,000 in value.

5.    GRANTOR'S COVENANTS. The Grantor covenants that it shall:

      (a) from time to time and at all reasonable  times allow the Agent,  by or
through any of its officers,  agents,  attorneys, or accountants,  to examine or
inspect the Collateral,  and obtain valuations and audits of the Collateral,  at
the Grantor's  expense,  wherever located.  The Grantor shall do, obtain,  make,
execute  and deliver  all such  additional  and  further  acts,  things,  deeds,
assurances and instruments as the Agent may require to vest in and assure to the
Agent the rights of Bank hereunder and in or to the Collateral, and the proceeds
thereof,  including  waivers from landlords,  warehousemen  and mortgagees.  The
Grantor agrees that the Agent has the right to notify (on invoices or otherwise)
account debtors and other obligors or payors on any Collateral of its assignment
to the Agent,  and that all  payments  thereon  should be made  directly  to the
Agent,  and that the Agent has full power and authority to collect,  compromise,
endorse,  sell or otherwise  deal with the Collateral in its own name or that of
the Grantor at any time upon an Event of Default;

      (b)  keep the  Collateral  in good  order  and  repair  at all  times  and
immediately  notify the Agent of any event causing a material loss or decline in
value of the Collateral,  whether or not covered by insurance, and the amount of
such loss or depreciation;


                                      -3-
<PAGE>


      (c) only use or permit the  Collateral to be used in  accordance  with all
applicable federal, state, county and municipal laws and regulations; and

      (d)  have  and  maintain  insurance  at  all  times  with  respect  to all
Collateral against risks of fire (including so-called extended coverage), theft,
sprinkler leakage, and other risks (including risk of flood if any Collateral is
maintained  at a location in a flood hazard  zone) as the Agent may require,  in
such form, in such amount,  for such period and written by such companies as may
be  satisfactory  to the  Agent  in its  sole  discretion.  Each  such  casualty
insurance policy shall contain a standard Lender's Loss Payable Clause issued in
favor of the Agent under which all losses  thereunder shall be paid to the Agent
as the Agent's interests may appear.  Such policies shall expressly provide that
the requisite  insurance  cannot be altered or canceled  without at least thirty
(30)  days  prior  written  notice  to the  Agent  and  shall  insure  the Agent
notwithstanding the act or neglect of the Grantor.  Upon the Agent's demand, the
Grantor shall furnish the Agent with duplicate original policies of insurance or
such other  evidence  of  insurance  as the Agent may  require.  In the event of
failure to provide  insurance as herein provided,  the Agent may, at its option,
obtain such  insurance  and the Grantor shall pay to the Agent,  on demand,  the
cost  thereof.  Proceeds of insurance  may be applied by the Agent to reduce the
Obligations  or to  repair  or  replace  Collateral,  all  in the  Agent's  sole
discretion.

      (e)    immediately     advise    Agent    in    writing    of    any    IP
Applications/Registrations  not specified in this Agreement, which are hereafter
acquired  by  Grantor.  Grantor  shall not  register  any  maskworks,  software,
computer  programs  or other  works  of  authorship  subject  to  United  States
copyright  protection  with the United  States  Copyright  Office  without first
complying  with the following:  (i) providing  Agent with at least 30 days prior
written notice thereof,  (ii) providing Agent with a copy of the application for
any such registration and (iii) executing and filing such other instruments, and
taking such further actions as Agent may reasonably request from time to time to
perfect  or  continue  the  perfection  of Bank's  interest  in the  Collateral,
including without limitation the filing with the United States Copyright Office,
simultaneously  with the  filing  by  Grantor  of the  application  for any such
registration,  of a copy  of  this  Agreement  or a  Supplement  hereto  in form
acceptable to Agent  identifying the maskworks,  software,  computer programs or
other  works of  authorship  being  registered  and  confirming  the  grant of a
security interest therein in favor of Bank.

6.    NEGATIVE COVENANTS. The Grantor will not:

      (a)  MERGER,   CONSOLIDATION  OR  ACQUISITION.   Enter  into  any  merger,
consolidation or other  reorganization  with or into any other person or acquire
all or a substantial  portion of the assets or ownership interests of any person
or permit any other  person to  consolidate  with or merge with it,  except that
with Agent's prior written  consent  Grantor may acquire  assets of  Educational
Insights,  Inc.,  or  acquire  Educational  Insights,  Inc.  as  a  wholly-owned
subsidiary.  Agent may  decline to consent  if,  without  limitation,  (i) Agent
receives  unsatisfactory results from an audit of Educational Insights,  Inc. or
its collateral or from other due diligence,  (ii) liens exist against the assets
of Educational  Insights,  Inc. which survive the acquisition and they would not
have been "Permitted  Encumbrances" if they had related to Grantor,  (iii) Agent
determines that the  acquisition  may adversely  affect the Collateral or Bank's
security interest therein,  or Grantor's  financial  condition,  both before and
after  giving  affect to such  acquisition,  or (iv) an Event of Default  exists
prior to the acquisition or Agent  determines that an Event of Default is likely
to occur as a result of the acquisition.

      (b) SALE OF ASSETS.  Sell, lease,  transfer or otherwise dispose of any of
its properties or assets, except for the disposition or transfer of obsolete and
worn-out  equipment  in the ordinary  course of business  during any fiscal year
having an aggregate  fair market value of not more than $100,000 and only to the
extent  that (i) the  proceeds  of any  such  disposition  are  used to  acquire
replacement  equipment  which is  subject  to Agent's  first  priority  security
interest or (ii) the  proceeds  of which are  remitted to Agent to be applied to
the obligations of Borrower under the Loan Agreement.


                                      -4-
<PAGE>


      (c) CREATION OF LIENS. Create or suffer to exist any lien or transfer upon
or against any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired.

      (d)  GUARANTEES.  Become  liable  upon the  obligations  of any  person by
assumption,  endorsement or guaranty  thereof or otherwise  (other than to Bank)
except for the endorsement of checks in the ordinary course of business.

      (e) INVESTMENTS. Purchase or acquire obligations or stock of, or any other
interest in, any person (including, without limitation, any subsidiary),  except
(i)  obligations  issued or  guaranteed  by the United  States of America or any
agency thereof,  (ii) commercial paper with maturities of not more than 180 days
and a published  rating of not less than A-1 or P-1 (or the equivalent  rating),
(iii) certificates of time deposit and bankers' acceptances having maturities of
not more  than 180  days and  repurchase  agreements  backed  by  United  States
government  securities  of a  commercial  bank if (1) such  bank has a  combined
capital and surplus of at least  $500,000,000,  or (2) its debt obligations,  or
those of a holding company of which it is a subsidiary,  are rated not less than
A (or the  equivalent  rating)  by a  nationally  recognized  investment  rating
agency, (iv) U.S. money market funds that invest solely in obligations issued or
guaranteed by the United States of America or an agency  thereof,  (v) the stock
of Borrower, and (vi) in acquisitions permitted under Section 6(a).

      (f) LOANS.  Make  advances,  loans or  extensions of credit to any person,
including any parent, subsidiary or affiliate,  except with respect to (i) loans
to its employees in the ordinary  course of business not to exceed the aggregate
amount  (including for purposes of such aggregation all loans made by any of its
subsidiaries  to  employees of such  subsidiaries  or Grantor) of $50,000 at any
time outstanding, and (ii) loans to Borrower.

      (g) CAPITAL  EXPENDITURES.  Contract for, purchase or make any expenditure
or commitments for fixed or capital assets (including  capitalized  leases),  in
any  fiscal  year in an  amount  that,  when  aggregated  with  all  other  such
purchases,  expenditures and commitments for Grantor and Borrower for such year,
exceed $200,000.

      (h) DIVIDENDS.  Declare,  pay or make any dividend or  distribution on any
shares of its common stock,  preferred stock or other ownership interests (other
than  dividends  or  distributions   payable  in  its  stock,  or  split-ups  or
reclassifications of its stock) or apply any of its funds, property or assets to
the  purchase,  redemption or other  retirement  of any common stock,  preferred
stock, or other ownership interests or of any options to purchase or acquire any
such shares of common stock, preferred stock, or ownership interests.

      (i)  INDEBTEDNESS.   Create,   incur,   assume  or  suffer  to  exist  any
"Indebtedness" (as that term is used in the Loan Agreement),  exclusive of trade
debt, except in respect of (i) Indebtedness to Bank; (ii) Indebtedness  incurred
for capital  expenditures  permitted under Section 6(g) of this  Agreement;  and
(iii) the Indebtedness evidenced by the Existing Notes.

      (j) NATURE OF BUSINESS. Substantially change the nature of the business in
which it is  presently  engaged,  nor except as  specifically  permitted  hereby
purchase or invest, directly or indirectly, in any assets or property other than
in the ordinary  course of business for assets or property  which are useful in,
necessary for and are to be used in its business as presently conducted.

      (k)  TRANSACTIONS  WITH  AFFILIATES.  Directly  or  indirectly,  purchase,
acquire or lease any property from, or sell,  transfer or lease any property to,
or otherwise  enter into any  transaction or deal with,  any  affiliate,  except
transactions  disclosed  to the  Agent,  which  are in the  ordinary  course  of
business,  on an  arm's-length  basis on terms and  conditions no less favorable
than terms and conditions  which would have been  obtainable from a person other
than an affiliate.


                                      -5-
<PAGE>


      (l)  LEASES.  Enter as  lessee  into  any  lease  arrangement  for real or
personal  property (unless  capitalized and permitted under Section 6(g) of this
Agreement) if after giving effect thereto,  aggregate annual rental payments for
all property  leased by Grantor and all property leased by Borrower would exceed
$750,000 in any one fiscal year.

      (m) SUBSIDIARIES. Form any subsidiary or enter into any partnership, joint
venture  or  similar  arrangement,   except  for  purposes  of  effectuating  an
acquisition permitted under Section 6(a).

      (n) FISCAL  YEAR AND  ACCOUNTING  CHANGES.  Change  its  fiscal  year from
December  31 or make any  significant  change (i) in  accounting  treatment  and
reporting  practices  except  as  required  by GAAP  or  (ii)  in tax  reporting
treatment except as required by law.

      (o)  PAYMENT  OF  INDEBTEDNESS.  Except as set forth  below,  at any time,
directly or indirectly,  prepay any  "Indebtedness" (as that term is used in the
Loan Agreement) or make any payments on the Existing Notes.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing,  Grantor  shall be entitled to make each of the  following  payments,
provided  that  (x) no Event  of  Default  exists  hereunder  or under  the Loan
Agreement or would  result from such  payment,  (y) Borrower  would have been in
compliance with the Fixed Charge  Coverage Ratio  requirements of Section 6.5(b)
of the Loan  Agreement  for the quarter that ended  immediately  preceding  such
payment if all amounts paid by Borrower to Grantor since the end of such quarter
had been given effect as of such quarter for purposes of  calculating  the Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio, and (z) based upon Borrower's financial trends,  Borrower
will be in compliance  with said Fixed Charge  Coverage Ratio  requirements  for
future  quarters (as  determined  by Agent in its good faith  business  judgment
based upon information provided by Borrower):

            (i) The regularly  scheduled  payments of principal,  in the amounts
and when due in the ordinary  course of business,  under the terms of the Seller
Note (as in effect on the date hereof),

            (ii)  The   regularly   scheduled   payments  of  interest  (at  the
non-default  rate),  in the  amounts  and when  due in the  ordinary  course  of
business  under  the  terms of the  NonSeller  Notes  (as in  effect on the date
hereof), provided that, at the time of such payments, the Borrower has "Adjusted
Undrawn  Availability"  (as  defined  in the Loan  Agreement)  of not less  than
$500,000,

            (iii) The regularly scheduled payments of principal,  in the amounts
and  when  due in the  ordinary  course  of  business,  under  the  terms of the
NonSeller  Notes (as in effect on the date  hereof),  provided that no "Seasonal
Advance" (as defined in the Loan  Agreement) is outstanding  and, at the time of
such payments,  the Borrower has "Undrawn  Availability" (as defined in the Loan
Agreement) of not less than $1,000,000, and

            (iv) Prepayments of principal and interest (at the non-default rate)
owed under the Existing  Notes (as in effect on the date hereof),  provided that
(i) no "Seasonal  Advance" (as defined in the Loan  Agreement)  is  outstanding,
(ii) at the time of such payments,  the Borrower has "Undrawn  Availability" (as
defined in the Loan Agreement) of not less than $1,000,000,  (iii) the aggregate
of the payments allowed pursuant to this subsection shall not at any time exceed
an  amount  equal  to 75% of the  aggregate  of the cash  consideration,  net of
related  expenses,  that  Grantor  has  received  for  the  issuance  of  equity
securities  of Grantor after the date hereof and for which Grantor has delivered
to Agent evidence  satisfactory  to Agent that such cash has been received,  and
(iv)  no  payments  on the  SWT  Note  shall  be  allowed  hereunder  until  all
indebtedness under the St. Cloud Note and the Strome Note has been paid in full.

      (p)  ANTI-TERRORISM  LAWS.  Grantor  shall  not,  nor shall it permit  any
affiliate or agent to: (i) Conduct any business or engage in any  transaction or
dealing  with any Blocked  Person (as that term is used in the Loan  Agreement),
including the making or receiving any  contribution of funds,  goods or services
to or for the benefit of any Blocked Person;  (ii) Deal in, or otherwise  engage
in any  transaction  relating to, any property or interests in property  blocked
pursuant to the Executive Order No. 13224; (iii) Engage in or conspire to engage
in


                                      -6-
<PAGE>


any  transaction  that  evades or  avoids,  or has the  purpose  of  evading  or
avoiding,  or  attempts  to violate,  any of the  prohibitions  set forth in the
Executive Order No. 13224, the USA Patriot Act (as that term is used in the Loan
Agreement)  or any  other  Anti-Terrorism  Law (as that term is used in the Loan
Agreement).  Grantor shall deliver to Bank any  certification  or other evidence
requested  from  time to time by any  Bank in its  sole  discretion,  confirming
Grantor's compliance with this Section.

      (q) [OMITTED]

      (r)  TRADING  WITH THE ENEMY ACT.  Engage in any  business  or activity in
violation  of the  Trading  with the Enemy Act (as that term is used in the Loan
Agreement).

      (s) SUBORDINATION  AGREEMENTS.  At any time, directly or indirectly,  pay,
prepay, repurchase,  redeem, retire or otherwise acquire, or make any payment on
account of any principal of,  interest on or premium  payable in connection with
the repayment or redemption of any  indebtedness  or other  obligation  that has
been  subordinated  to the  Obligations,  except as  expressly  permitted in the
applicable subordination agreement.

7.    COVENANTS  FOR  ACCOUNTS.  If accounts are included in the  definition  of
      Collateral:

      (a) The Grantor  will,  on the Agent's  demand after the  occurrence of an
Event of Default,  make  available to the Agent  shipping and delivery  receipts
evidencing  the  shipment of the goods that gave rise to an account,  completion
certificates  or other proof of the  satisfactory  performance  of services that
gave rise to an account,  a copy of the  invoice for each  account and copies of
any written  contract or order from which an account  arose.  The Grantor  shall
promptly  notify  the Agent if an  account  becomes  evidenced  or secured by an
instrument or chattel paper and upon the Agent's request,  will promptly deliver
any such  instrument  or  chattel  paper to the Agent,  including  any letter of
credit  delivered  to the  Grantor  to support a shipment  of  inventory  by the
Grantor.

      (b) After the  occurrence of an Event of Default,  the Grantor will comply
with any  instructions  that the  Agent  may  give  regarding  the sale or other
disposition  of any  return of goods  from the sale of which an  account  arose.
After  the  occurrence  of an Event of  Default,  from  time to time  with  such
frequency  as the Agent may  request,  the Grantor  will report to the Agent all
credits given to account debtors on all accounts.

      (c) The Grantor will  immediately  notify the Agent if any account  arises
out  of  contracts  with  the  United  States  or  any  department,   agency  or
instrumentality  thereof,  and will execute any  instruments  and take any steps
required  by the  Agent so that all  monies  due and to become  due  under  such
contract  shall be assigned to the Agent and notice of the  assignment  given to
and  acknowledged  by the appropriate  government  agency or authority under the
Federal Assignment of Claims Act.

      (d) At any time after the  occurrence of an Event of Default,  and without
notice to the Grantor,  the Agent may direct any persons who are indebted to the
Grantor on any Collateral  consisting of accounts or general intangibles to make
payment  directly to the Agent of the amounts  due. The Agent is  authorized  to
collect, compromise,  endorse and sell any such Collateral in its own name or in
the  Grantor's  name and to give  receipts to such account  debtors for any such
payments and the account  debtors  will be protected in making such  payments to
the Agent.

8. FURTHER  ASSURANCES.  By its signature hereon, the Grantor hereby irrevocably
authorizes  the Agent to execute (on behalf of the Grantor) and file against the
Grantor one or more financing,  continuation or amendment statements pursuant to
the UCC in form  satisfactory to the Agent, and the Grantor will pay the cost of
preparing  and filing  the same in all  jurisdictions  in which  such  filing is
deemed by the Agent to be necessary  or desirable in order to perfect,  preserve
and protect its security  interests.  If required by the Agent, the Grantor will
execute  all  documentation  necessary  for the  Agent to  obtain  and  maintain
perfection of its security interests in the Collateral.



                                      -7-
<PAGE>


At the Agent's request,  the Grantor will execute,  in form  satisfactory to the
Agent, a Rider to Security Agreement - Copyrights (if any Collateral consists of
registered or unregistered copyrights),  a Rider to Security Agreement - Patents
(if any  Collateral  consists  of  patents or patent  applications),  a Rider to
Security Agreement - Trademarks (if any Collateral consists of trademarks, trade
names,  tradestyles or trademark  applications).  If any Collateral  consists of
letter  of  credit  rights,   electronic  chattel  paper,  deposit  accounts  or
supporting  obligations  not maintained with the Agent or one of its affiliates,
or  any  securities  entitlement,   securities  account,   commodities  account,
commodities contract or other investment  property,  then at the Agent's request
the  Grantor  will  execute,  and  will  cause  the  depository  institution  or
securities  intermediary upon whose books and records the ownership  interest of
the Grantor in such  Collateral  appears,  to execute  such  Pledge  Agreements,
Notification  and  Control  Agreements  or other  agreements  as the Agent deems
necessary in order to perfect,  prioritize and protect its security  interest in
such Collateral, in each case in a form satisfactory to the Agent.

9.  EVENTS OF DEFAULT.  The  occurrence  of any of the  following  events  shall
constitute an "Event of Default": (a) any Event of Default (as defined in any of
the  Obligations);  (b) any default under any of the  Obligations  that does not
have a defined set of "Events of Default" (including,  without limitation, under
the  subordination  agreement  by Grantor,  in favor of Agent,  with  respect to
Borrower)  and  the  lapse  of any  notice  or  cure  period  provided  in  such
Obligations  with respect to such default;  (c) demand by the Agent under any of
the Obligations  that have a demand  feature;  (d) the failure by the Grantor to
perform any of its obligations under this Agreement; (e) falsity,  inaccuracy or
material  breach by the  Grantor  of any  written  warranty,  representation  or
statement made or furnished to the Agent by or on behalf of the Grantor;  (f) an
uninsured material loss, theft, damage, or destruction to any of the Collateral,
or the entry of any  judgment  against  the  Grantor or any lien  against or the
making of any levy,  seizure  or  attachment  of or on the  Collateral;  (g) the
failure of the Agent to have a perfected first priority security interest in the
Collateral;  (h) any  indication  or  evidence  received  by the Agent  that the
Grantor may have  directly or  indirectly  been  engaged in any type of activity
which, in the Agent's good faith judgment, might result in the forfeiture of any
property of the Grantor to any governmental entity,  federal, state or local; or
(i) the Grantor makes any payment on account of any  indebtedness  or obligation
which has been  subordinated to the  Obligations  other than as permitted in the
applicable  subordination  agreement, or if any person who has subordinated such
indebtedness  or  obligations  terminates  or in any way limits or breaches  his
subordination agreement.

10.  REMEDIES.  Upon the occurrence of any such Event of Default and at any time
thereafter, the Agent may declare all Obligations secured hereby immediately due
and payable and shall have,  in addition to any remedies  provided  herein or by
any applicable  law or in equity,  all the remedies of a secured party under the
UCC.  The  Agent's  remedies  include,  but are not limited to, the right to (a)
peaceably  by its own means or with  judicial  assistance  enter  the  Grantor's
premises  and take  possession  of the  Collateral  without  prior notice to the
Grantor or the  opportunity for a hearing,  (b) render the Collateral  unusable,
(c) dispose of the Collateral on the Grantor's premises, (d) require the Grantor
to  assemble  the  Collateral  and  make it  available  to the  Agent at a place
designated by the Agent, and (e) notify the United States Postal Service to send
the  Grantor's  mail to the  Agent.  Unless  the  Collateral  is  perishable  or
threatens  to decline  speedily in value or is of a type  customarily  sold on a
recognized market, the Agent will give the Grantor reasonable notice of the time
and place of any public sale thereof or of the time after which any private sale
or any other intended  disposition  thereof is to be made. The  requirements  of
commercially  reasonable  notice  shall  be met if  such  notice  is sent to the
Grantor  at  least  five  (5)  days  before  the  time of the  intended  sale or
disposition. Expenses of retaking, holding, preparing for disposition, disposing
or the like shall  include  the  Agent's  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and legal
expenses,  incurred or expended by the Agent to enforce any payment due it under
this Agreement  either as against the Grantor,  or in the prosecution or defense
of any action,  or concerning any matter  growing out of or connection  with the
subject  matter of this  Agreement and the  Collateral  pledged  hereunder.  The
Grantor waives all relief from all  appraisement  or exemption laws now in force
or hereafter enacted.

11. POWER OF ATTORNEY.  The Grantor does hereby make, constitute and appoint any
officer or agent of the Agent as the Grantor's true and lawful attorney-in-fact,
with  power to (a)  endorse  the  name of the  Grantor  or any



                                      -8-
<PAGE>


of the  Grantor's  officers  or agents  upon any notes,  checks,  drafts,  money
orders,  or other  instruments  of payment or Collateral  that may come into the
Agent's  possession  in full or part  payment of any  Obligations;  (b) sue for,
compromise,  settle and release  all claims and  disputes  with  respect to, the
Collateral;  and (c) sign, for the Grantor,  such documentation  required by the
UCC, or supplemental intellectual property security agreements;  granting to the
Grantor's said attorney full power to do any and all things necessary to be done
in and about the premises as fully and effectually as the Grantor might or could
do. The Grantor  hereby  ratifies all that said  attorney  shall  lawfully do or
cause to be done by virtue  hereof.  This power of attorney  is coupled  with an
interest, and is irrevocable.

12. PAYMENT OF EXPENSES; ATTORNEYS' FEES. At its option, the Agent may discharge
taxes, liens, security interests or such other encumbrances as may attach to the
Collateral, may pay for required insurance on the Collateral and may pay for the
maintenance,  appraisal or reappraisal,  and preservation of the Collateral,  as
determined by the Agent to be necessary. The Grantor will reimburse the Agent on
demand for any payment so made or any expense  incurred by the Agent pursuant to
the foregoing authorization, and the Collateral also will secure any advances or
payments so made or expenses so incurred by the Agent. In the event either Agent
or Grantor  files any lawsuit  against the other  predicated on a breach of this
Agreement,  the prevailing party in such action shall be entitled to recover its
attorneys' fees and costs of suit from the non-prevailing party.

13.  NOTICES.  All notices,  demands,  requests,  consents,  approvals and other
communications  required or permitted hereunder  ("NOTICES") must be in writing,
and shall be given and be effective in accordance with the notice  provision set
forth in the Guaranty.

14. PRESERVATION OF RIGHTS. No delay or omission on the Agent's part to exercise
any right or power arising  hereunder  will impair any such right or power or be
considered a waiver of any such right or power,  nor will the Agent's  action or
inaction  impair  any such  right or power.  The  Agent's  rights  and  remedies
hereunder are cumulative and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies which
the Agent may have under other agreements, at law or in equity.

15. ILLEGALITY.  If any provision contained in this Agreement should be invalid,
illegal  or  unenforceable  in any  respect,  it shall not  affect or impair the
validity,  legality  and  enforceability  of the  remaining  provisions  of this
Agreement.

16. CHANGES IN WRITING.  No modification,  amendment or waiver of, or consent to
any  departure by the Grantor  from,  any  provision of this  Agreement  will be
effective  unless made in a writing signed by the Agent, and then such waiver or
consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for
which  given.  No notice to or demand on the Grantor will entitle the Grantor to
any  other  or  further  notice  or  demand  in  the  same,   similar  or  other
circumstance.

17. ENTIRE  AGREEMENT.  This Agreement  (including the documents and instruments
referred to herein)  constitutes  the entire  agreement and supersedes all other
prior agreements and understandings,  both written and oral, between the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof.

18.  COUNTERPARTS.  This  Agreement  may be signed in any number of  counterpart
copies and by the parties hereto on separate  counterparts,  but all such copies
shall  constitute  one  and  the  same  instrument.   Delivery  of  an  executed
counterpart of signature page to this Agreement by facsimile  transmission shall
be  effective  as  delivery  of a manually  executed  counterpart.  Any party so
executing this  Agreement by facsimile  transmission  shall  promptly  deliver a
manually  executed  counterpart,  provided  that any  failure to do so shall not
affect the validity of the counterpart executed by facsimile transmission.


                                      -9-
<PAGE>


19. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the
benefit  of the  Grantor  and the Bank and their  respective  heirs,  executors,
administrators,  successors and assigns; provided, however, that the Grantor may
not assign this  Agreement in whole or in part without the Agent's prior written
consent and the Agent at any time may assign this Agreement in whole or in part.

20.  INTERPRETATION.  In this  Agreement,  unless  the  Agent  and  the  Grantor
otherwise agree in writing,  the singular includes the plural and the plural the
singular;  words  importing any gender include the other genders;  references to
statutes   are  to  be  construed  as   including   all   statutory   provisions
consolidating,  amending or  replacing  the statute  referred  to; the word "or"
shall be deemed to  include  "and/or";  the words  "including",  "includes"  and
"include"  shall be deemed to be  followed  by the words  "without  limitation";
references to articles,  sections (or  subdivisions of sections) or exhibits are
to those of this  Agreement;  the word "person"  includes both  individuals  and
other entities;  and references to agreements and other contractual  instruments
shall be deemed to include all subsequent  amendments and other modifications to
such instruments, but only to the extent such amendments and other modifications
are not  prohibited  by the terms of this  Agreement.  Section  headings in this
Agreement  are  included  for  convenience  of  reference  only  and  shall  not
constitute a part of this  Agreement  for any other  purpose.  Unless  otherwise
specified in this Agreement,  all accounting  terms shall be interpreted and all
accounting  determinations  shall  be  made in  accordance  with  GAAP.  If this
Agreement is executed by more than one Grantor,  the obligations of such persons
or entities will be joint and several.

21.  INDEMNITY.  The Grantor  agrees to indemnify  each of the Bank,  each legal
entity,  if any, who controls each Bank and each of their respective  directors,
officers and employees (the "Indemnified  Parties") and to hold each Indemnified
Party harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities
and  expenses  (including  all fees and charges of internal or external  counsel
with whom any  Indemnified  Party may consult and all expenses of litigation and
preparation  therefor)  which  any  Indemnified  Party may incur or which may be
asserted  against any  Indemnified  Party by any person,  entity or governmental
authority (including any person or entity claiming derivatively on behalf of the
Grantor),  in  connection  with or arising  out of or  relating  to the  matters
referred to in this  Agreement or the  Obligations,  whether (a) arising from or
incurred in connection with any breach of a representation, warranty or covenant
by the Grantor, or (b) arising out of or resulting from any suit, action, claim,
proceeding or governmental investigation,  pending or threatened,  whether based
on statute,  regulation or order, or tort, or contract or otherwise,  before any
court or governmental authority; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity
agreement  shall not  apply to any  claims,  damages,  losses,  liabilities  and
expenses  solely  attributable  to an  Indemnified  Party's gross  negligence or
willful  misconduct.  The  indemnity  agreement  contained in this Section shall
survive  the  termination  of this  Agreement,  payment of the  Obligations  and
assignment of any rights  hereunder.  The Grantor may participate at its expense
in the defense of any such claim.

22. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION. This Agreement and all acts and transactions
pursuant or relating hereto and all rights and obligations of the parties hereto
shall be governed,  construed,  and  interpreted in accordance with the internal
laws of the State of New York.  Any  judicial  proceeding  brought by or against
Grantor with respect to this Agreement,  or any related agreement may be brought
in any court of competent  jurisdiction in the State of New York,  United States
of America,  and, by execution and delivery of this  Agreement,  Grantor accepts
for itself and in connection with its properties, generally and unconditionally,
the non-exclusive  jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts,  and irrevocably agrees
to be bound by any judgment  rendered thereby in connection with this Agreement.
Grantor  hereby  waives  personal  service  of any and all  process  upon it and
consents that all such service of process may be made by registered mail (return
receipt  requested)  directed  to  Grantor  and  service so made shall be deemed
completed five (5) days after the same shall have been so deposited in the mails
of the United States of America.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve
process  in any  manner  permitted  by law or shall  limit the right of Agent to
bring  proceedings  against  Grantor  in the  courts of any other  jurisdiction.
Grantor waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action  instituted
hereunder  and shall not assert any  defense  based on lack of  jurisdiction  or
venue or based upon forum non conveniens. Grantor waives the right to remove any
judicial  proceeding  brought  against Grantor in any state court to any federal
court.  Any judicial  proceeding by Grantor against Bank involving,  directly or
indirectly,  any



                                      -10-
<PAGE>


matter or claim in any way arising  out of,  related to or  connected  with this
Agreement or any related agreement,  shall be brought only in a federal or state
court located in the County of New York, State of New York.

23. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.  EACH OF THE GRANTOR AND THE BANK  IRREVOCABLY  WAIVES
ANY AND ALL RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY  ACTION,  PROCEEDING  OR
CLAIM OF ANY NATURE  RELATING  TO THIS  AGREEMENT,  ANY  DOCUMENTS  EXECUTED  IN
CONNECTION  WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY  TRANSACTION  CONTEMPLATED IN ANY OF SUCH
DOCUMENTS.  THE GRANTOR AND THE BANK  ACKNOWLEDGE  THAT THE FOREGOING  WAIVER IS
KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY.


                                      -11-
<PAGE>


THE GRANTOR  ACKNOWLEDGES  THAT IT HAS READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL THE PROVISIONS OF
THIS  AGREEMENT,  INCLUDING  THE WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL,  AND HAS BEEN  ADVISED BY
COUNSEL AS NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE.

WITNESS the due execution  hereof as a document under seal, as of the date first
written above.

                                SMALL WORLD KIDS, INC.

                                By:
                                     -------------------------------------------

                                Print Name:
                                             -----------------------------------

                                Title:
                                        ----------------------------------------



                                By:
                                     -------------------------------------------

                                Print Name:
                                             -----------------------------------

                                Title:
                                        ----------------------------------------



                                PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
                                as Agent

                                By:
                                     -------------------------------------------

                                Print Name:
                                             -----------------------------------

                                Title:
                                        ----------------------------------------


                                      -12-
<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT "A"
                              TO SECURITY AGREEMENT


1.    Grantor's form of organization (i.e.,  corporation,  partnership,  limited
      liability company): CORPORATION

2.    Grantor's  State of  organization,  if a  registered  organization  (i.e.,
      corporation, limited partnership or limited liability company): NEVADA

3.    Grantor's principal residence, if a natural person or general partnership:
      N/A

4.    Address of Grantor's chief executive  office,  including the County:  5711
      BUCKINGHAM PARKWAY, CULVER CITY (LOS ANGELES COUNTY), CALIFORNIA 90230

5.    Grantor's EIN, if not a natural person: 86-06738911

6.    Grantor's SSN, if a natural person: N/A

7.    Grantor's organizational ID# (if any exists): C17565-2004

8.    Address for books and records, if different: N/A

9.    Addresses of other Collateral locations,  including Counties, for the past
      five (5) years: NONE

10.   Name and  address of  landlord  or owner if  location  is not owned by the
      Grantor:   SMALL  WORLD  TOYS,  5711  BUCKINGHAM  PARKWAY,   CULVER  CITY,
      CALIFORNIA 90230.

11.   Other names or trade names now or formerly used by the Grantor:  (A) SAVON
      TEAM SPORTS, INC. AND (B) FINE VENTURES, LLC

12.   List of all existing  Commercial Tort Claims (by case title with court and
      brief description of claim): NONE

13.   List of all IP Applications/Registrations: NONE



                                      -13-

