

                                                                 Exhibit 99.1


 Company: Jack Henry & Associates, Inc.   Analyst Contact:  Kevin D. Williams
          663 Highway 60, P.O. Box 807            Chief Financial Officer
          Monett, MO 65708                        (417) 235-6652

                                          IR Contact:  Jon Seegert
                                                  Director Investor Relations
                                                  (417) 235-6652

   FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
   ---------------------

    JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES ANNOUNCES THE ACQUISITION OF TWS SYSTEMS, INC.

 Monett, MO  -  December 20, 2004 - Jack  Henry &  Associates, Inc.  (Nasdaq:
 JKHY), a  leading  provider of  integrated  computer systems  and  ATM/debit
 card/ACH  transaction  processing,  today  announced  its  purchase  of  TWS
 Systems, Inc.  The Florida-based company  is the leading provider of  image-
 based item processing solutions for credit unions, and the leading  provider
 of ATM deposit processing solutions for  banks and credit unions.  Terms  of
 the transaction were not disclosed.

 IMAGECENTER, TWS'  turnkey image-based  item  processing platform  that  was
 designed to support the unique requirements of credit unions, has  dominated
 the industry  for  more  than  16  years  and  has  been  implemented  by  a
 significant majority  of  the credit  unions  that have  migrated  to  check
 imaging.  The company has sold more image-based item processing systems than
 all competitive alternatives combined, and more  than 50 of the largest  100
 credit unions in the U.S. have implemented the platform.  The system,  which
 is available for in-house installation or through strategically located item
 processing centers, supports all forms of  checks; counter, ATM, and  mailed
 deposits; and all forms of remittance payments.

 "This  acquisition   provides  the   opportunity  to   integrate  the   core
 competencies of  two industry  leaders,"  said  Jack F. Prim, CEO  of  JKHY.
 "Integrating Episys[R], the core processing solution offered by Jack Henry's
 Symitar subsidiary and used by more credit unions with assets exceeding  $25
 million than any other system, with IMAGECENTER, the dominant  image-enabled
 item processing solution, will provide a competitively distinct  enterprise-
 wide  solution,  will  generate  growth opportunities  for  both  platforms,
 and will support  our  collective  clients  with  a  value-added  solution."
 Approximately 30 credits unions are currently using Episys and IMAGECENTER.

 TWS Systems  also  leveraged  IMAGECENTER  to  provide  a  first-of-its-kind
 solution that automates the historically time-consuming, error-prone  manual
 processing of  ATM  deposits.  This  innovative system  is now  the  market-
 leading solution with a growing client base that includes 20 of the  leading
 U.S. and Canadian banks  that  have automated ATM  deposit processing.  This
 industry-leading, Internet-enabled  system  supports  both  cash  and  check
 deposits, envelope and image-based ATM  deposits, and daily volumes  ranging
 from  500  to  200,000  deposits.   The  system's  end-to-end  functionality
 includes image  capture and  processing at  the  ATM, courier  tracking  and
 monitoring,  fraud  detection   and  prevention,   automated  balancing,   a
 comprehensive audit trail, and more.

 According to  Tony  L.  Wormington, president  of  JKHY,  "This  acquisition
 expands  our  product  and  service  offering  with  IMAGECENTER,  generates
 inherent cross-sale opportunities, and provides the opportunity to introduce
 Jack Henry's growing  suite of  solutions for  the mid-tier  bank market  by
 leveraging TWS' successful  client relationships with  some of the  nation's
 leading  banks.  Acquiring TWS Systems  clearly supports  our objectives  to
 continually  add larger  financial institutions  to  our client  roster,  to
 further differentiate and broaden our integrated solutions, and to add value
 for our clients."

 "In addition to the cross-sales and new sales opportunities the  IMAGECENTER
 platform  generates,  we believe  acquiring  TWS Systems  can  generate  new
 market opportunities by  adapting  its industry-leading solution  to support
 remittance check and cash  payment processing for  credit  card and mortgage
 companies, government entities that collect taxes,  and utilities.  We  also
 expect this  acquisition  to  have a  slightly  accretive  impact  on  EPS,"
 concluded Kevin D. Williams, CFO of JKHY.


 About TWS Systems, Inc.

 Clearwater, Florida-based  TWS  Systems, Inc.  is  the leading  provider  of
 image-based item processing  solutions for  credit unions,  and the  leading
 provider of ATM deposit  processing solutions for  credit unions and  banks.
 Additional information about TWS Systems, Inc. is available by calling  800-
 247-1342 or visiting www.twssystems.com.


 About Jack Henry & Associates

 Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. is  a leading provider of integrated  computer
 systems and  processor  of ATM/debit  card/ACH  transactions for  banks  and
 credit unions.  Jack Henry markets  and supports its  systems throughout the
 United States,  and  has  approximately  5,900  customers  nationwide.   For
 additional information  on  Jack Henry,  visit  the company's  Web  site  at
 www.jackhenry.com.

 Statements made  in this  news release  that are  not historical  facts  are
 forward-looking information.  Actual  results  may  differ  materially  from
 those projected in any forward-looking information.  Specifically, there are
 a number of  important factors  that could  cause actual  results to  differ
 materially  from  those  anticipated  by  any  forward-looking  information.
 Additional information on these  and other factors,  which could affect  the
 Company's financial results,  are included  in its  Securities and  Exchange
 Commission (SEC) filings on Form 10-K, and potential investors should review
 these statements.  Finally, there may  be other factors not mentioned  above
 or included in the  Company's SEC filings that  may cause actual results  to
 differ materially from any forward-looking information.

                                    (thirty)

