
            NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC. CAPITAL ACCUMULATION PLAN
                (Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 1997)

                                 (Revised 2001)

                Amendment No.7: Minimum Distribution Requirements

         National Penn Bancshares, Inc (the "Company") adopted the National Penn
Bancshares, Inc. Capital Accumulation Plan (the "Plan "). The Company hereby
amends the Plan as required by the Internal Revenue Service to satisfy the
minimum distribution requirements of the Internal Revenue Code by addition of a
new Section 9A to the Plan to read as hereinafter set forth.

"9A. MINIMUM DISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENT
     --------------------------------

         (a) General Rules.

                  (i) Effective Date. The provisions of this section will apply
         for purposes of determining required minimum distributions for calendar
         years beginning with the 2003 calendar year.


                  (ii) Precedence. The provisions of this section will take
         precedence over and supersede any inconsistent provisions of the Plan.
         This section 9A shall be construed in a manner necessary to satisfy the
         minimum distribution rules of the Code. Except for superseding
         inconsistent provisions and addressing any matter related to minimum
         required distributions not otherwise addressed in the Plan, the
         distribution provisions of section 9 of the Plan shall control.
         Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the provisions of this
         section 9A be construed as making available any form of benefit
         distribution not otherwise made available to a Member or beneficiary
         under the Plan. Further, the forms of distribution the Plan permits
         determined without regard to this section 9A shall remain the only
         forms of benefit distribution available under the Plan.

                  (iii) Requirements of Treasury Regulations Incorporated. All
         distributions required under this section will be determined and made
         in accordance with the Treasury regulations under section 401(a)(9) of
         the Code.


         (b) Time and Manner of Distribution.

                  (i) Required Beginning Date. The Member's entire interest will
         be distributed, or begin to be distributed, to the Member no later than
         the Member's required beginning date, as defined in this section




                                       1
<PAGE>


                  (ii) Death of Member Before Distributions Begin. If the Member
         dies before distributions begin, the Member's entire interest will be
         distributed, or begin to be distributed, no later than as follows:

                           (A) If the Member's surviving spouse is the Member's
                  sole designated beneficiary, then distributions to the
                  surviving spouse will begin by December 31 of the calendar
                  year immediately following the calendar year in which the
                  Member died, or by December 31 of the calendar year in which
                  the Member would have attained age 70 1/2, if later.

                           (B)If the Member's surviving spouse is not the
                  Member's sole designated beneficiary, then distributions to
                  the designated beneficiary will begin by December 31 of the
                  calendar year immediately following the calendar year in which
                  the Member died.

                           (C)If there is no designated beneficiary as of
                  September 30 of the year following the year of the Member's
                  death, the Member's entire interest will be distributed by
                  December 31 of the calendar year containing the fifth
                  anniversary of the Member's death.

                           (D)If the Member's surviving spouse is the Member's
                  sole designated beneficiary and the surviving spouse dies
                  after the Member but before distributions to the surviving
                  spouse begin, this section 9A (b)(ii), other than section 9A
                  (b)(ii)(A), will apply as if the surviving spouse were the
                  Member.

     For purposes of this section 9A (b)(ii) and section 9A (d) unless section
     9A(b)(ii)(D) applies, distributions are considered to begin on the Member's
     required beginning date. If section 9A(b)(ii)(D) applies, distributions are
     considered to begin on the date distributions are required to begin to the
     surviving spouse under section 9A (b)(ii)(A). If distributions under an
     annuity purchased from an insurance company irrevocably commence to the
     Member before the Member's required beginning date (or to the Member's
     surviving spouse before the date distributions are required to begin to the
     surviving spouse under section 9A(b)(ii)(A)), the date distributions are
     considered to begin is the date distributions actually commence.

              (iii) Forms of Distributions. Unless the Member's interest is
         distributed in the form of an annuity purchased from an insurance
         company or in a single sum on or before the required beginning date, as
         of the first distribution calendar year distributions will be made in
         accordance with sections (c) and (d) of this section 9A. If the
         Member's interest is distributed in the form of an annuity purchased
         from an insurance company, distributions thereunder will be made in
         accordance with the requirement of section 401(a)(9) of the Code and
         Treasury regulations.

     (c) Required Minimum Distributions During Member's Lifetime.



                                       2
<PAGE>


              (i) Amount of Required Minimum Distribution For Each Distribution
     Calendar Year. During the Member's lifetime, the minimum amount that will
     be distributed for each distribution calendar year is the lesser of (A):
     the quotient obtained by diving the Member's account balance by the
     distribution period in the Uniform Lifetime Table set forth in section
     1.401(a)(9)-9 of the Treasury regulations, using the Member's age as of the
     Member's birthday in the distribution calendar year; or (B) if the Member's
     sole designated beneficiary for the distribution calendar year is the
     Member's spouse, the quotient obtained by dividing the Member's account
     balance by the number in the Joint and Last Survivor Table set forth in
     section 1.401(a)(9)-9 of the Treasury regulations, using the Member's and
     spouse's attained ages as of the Member's and spouse's birthdays in the
     distribution calendar year.

              (ii) Lifetime Required Minimum Distributions Continue Through Year
     of Member's Death. Required minimum distributions will be determined under
     this section (c) beginning with the first distribution calendar year and up
     to and including the distribution calendar year that included the Member's
     date of death.

     (d) Required Minimum Distributions After Member's Death.

              (i) Death On or After Date Distributions Begin.

                  (A) Member Survived by Designated Beneficiary. If the Member
         dies on or after the date distributions begin and there is a designed
         beneficiary, the minimum amount that will be distributed for each
         distribution calendar year after the year of the Member' death is the
         quotient obtained by dividing the Member's account balance by the
         longer of the remaining life expectancy of the Member or the remaining
         life expectancy of the Member's designated beneficiary, determined as
         follows:

                    i.   The Member's remaining life expectancy is calculated
                         using the age of the Member in the year of death,
                         reduced by one for each subsequent year.

                    ii.  If the Member's surviving spouse is the Member's sole
                         designated beneficiary, the remaining life expectancy
                         of the surviving spouse is calculated for each
                         distribution calendar year after the year of the
                         Member's death using the surviving spouse's age as of
                         the spouse's birthday in that year. For distribution
                         calendar years after the year of the surviving spouse's
                         death, the remaining life expectancy of the surviving
                         spouse is calculated using the age of the surviving
                         spouse as of the spouse's birthday in the calendar year
                         of the spouse's death, reduced by one for each
                         subsequent calendar year.



                                       3
<PAGE>


                    iii. If the Member's surviving spouse is not the Member's
                         designated beneficiary, the designated beneficiary's
                         remaining life expectancy is calculated using the age
                         of the beneficiary in the year following the year of
                         the Member's death, reduced by one for each subsequent
                         year.

                  (B) No Designated Beneficiary. If the Member dies on or after
         the date distributions begin and there is no designated beneficiary as
         of September 30 of the year after the year of the Member's death, the
         minimum amount that will be distributed for each distribution calendar
         year after the year of the Member's death is the quotient obtained by
         dividing the Member's account balance by the Member's remaining life
         expectancy calculated using the age of the Member in the year of death,
         reduced by one for each subsequent year.

         (ii) Death Before Date Distributions Begin.

                  (A) Member Survived by Designated Beneficiary. If the Member
         dies before the date distributions begin and there is a designated
         beneficiary, the minimum amount that will be distributed for each
         distribution calendar year after the year of the Member's death is the
         quotient obtained by dividing the Member's account balance by the
         remaining life expectancy of the Member's designated beneficiary,
         determined as provided in section 9A(d)(i).

                  (B) No Designated Beneficiary. If the Member dies before the
         date distributions begin and there is no designated beneficiary as of
         September 30 of the year following the year of the Member's death,
         distribution of the Member's entire interest will be completed by
         December 31 of the calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of
         the Member's death.

                  (C) Death of Surviving Spouse Before Distributions to
         Surviving Spouse Are Required to Begin. If the Member dies before the
         date distributions begin, the Member's surviving spouse is the Member's
         sole designated beneficiary, and the surviving spouse dies before
         distributions are required to begin to the surviving spouse under
         section 9A(b)(ii), this section 9A(d)(ii) will apply as if the
         surviving spouse were the Member.

     (e) Definitions. Notwithstanding the general definition provisions of the
Plan, the following terms, when used in the section 9A, shall have the meaning
set forth below.

              (i) Designated beneficiary. The individual who is designated as
     the beneficiary under the general provisions of the Plan and is the
     designated beneficiary under section 401(a)(9) of the Internal Revenue Code
     and section 1.401(a)(9)-1, Q&A-4, of the Treasury regulations.

              (ii) Distribution calendar year. A calendar year for which a
     minimum distribution is required. For distributions beginning before the
     Member's death, the




                                       4
<PAGE>


     first distribution calendar year is the calendar year immediately preceding
     the calendar year which contains the Member's required beginning date. For
     distributions beginning after the Member's death, the first distribution
     calendar year is the calendar year in which distributions are required to
     begin under section 9A(b). The required minimum distribution for the
     Member's first distribution calendar year will be made on or before the
     Member's required beginning date. The required minimum distribution for
     other distribution calendar years, including the required minimum
     distribution for the distribution calendar year in which the Member's
     required beginning date occurs, will be made on or before December 31 of
     that distribution calendar year.

                  (iii). Life expectancy. Life expectancy as computed by use of
         the Single Life Table in section 1.401(a)(9)-9 of the Treasury
         regulations.

                  (iv) Member's account balance. The account balance as of the
         last Valuation Date in the calendar year immediately preceding the
         distribution calendar year (valuation calendar year) increased by the
         amount of any contributions made and allocated or forfeitures allocated
         to the account balance as of dates in the valuation calendar year after
         the valuation date and decreased by distributions made in the valuation
         calendar year after the valuation date. The account balance for the
         valuation calendar year includes any amounts rolled over or transferred
         to the Plan either in the valuation calendar year or in the
         distribution calendar year if distributed or transferred in the
         valuation calendar year.

                  (v) Required beginning date. The latest date specified in
         section 9(a) of the Plan on which the payment of benefits must
         commence."

         (f) Merged Plans. This Amendment No. 7 shall be deemed to be a part of
each plan merged with and into the Plan effective on or after January 1, 2003
..
                  EXECUTED this 17th day of December 2003.

                                        NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC.

                                        By: /s/ Sandra L. Spayd
                                            -------------------




                                       5
<PAGE>

