

         THIS WARRANT AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK  ISSUABLE  UPON EXERCISE OF
         THIS WARRANT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
         AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. EXCEPT AS CONTEMPLATED BY THE
         SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT AMONG AGU ENTERTAINMENT CORP., ITS DIRECT
         AND INDIRECT SUBSIDIARIES AND THE ORIGINAL HOLDER OF THIS WARRANT, THIS
         WARRANT AND THE COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT MAY
         NOT BE SOLD,  OFFERED FOR SALE,  PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE
         OF AN  EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT  AS TO  THIS  WARRANT  OR THE
         UNDERLYING  SHARES OF COMMON  STOCK  UNDER SAID ACT AND ANY  APPLICABLE
         STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY  SATISFACTORY
         TO AGU ENTERTAINMENT CORP. THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

                    Right to Purchase up to 2,000,000 Shares
                             of Common Stock of AGU
                               Entertainment Corp.

                   (subject to adjustment as provided herein)

                          COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

No. _________________                             Issue Date:  December 20, 2004

         AGU Entertainment Corp., a corporation  organized under the laws of the
State of Delaware ("AGU"),  hereby certifies that, for value received,  Mitchell
Entertainment  Company,  a Delaware  limited  liability  company or assigns (the
"Holder"),  is entitled,  subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from
the Company (as defined  herein)  from and after the Issue Date of this  Warrant
and at any time or from time to time  before 5:00 p.m.,  New York time,  through
the close of business on the later of (a)  December 31, 2009 or (b) the maturity
date of the Note  issued  concurrently  herewith  pursuant  to the terms of that
certain   Security   Purchase   Agreement  (the  "Purchase   Agreement")   dated
concurrently   herewith  among  AGU,  its   subsidiaries  and  the  Holder  (the
"Expiration  Date"),  up to  2,000,000  fully paid and  nonassessable  shares of
Common Stock (as hereinafter defined), no par value per share, at the applicable
Exercise  Price per share (as defined  below).  The number and character of such
shares of Common Stock and the  applicable  Exercise Price per share are subject
to adjustment as provided herein.

      As used herein the following terms, unless the context otherwise requires,
have the following respective meanings:

            (a) The term "Company" shall include AGU and any  corporation  which
shall succeed, or assume the obligations of, AGU hereunder.
<PAGE>

            (b) The term "Common Stock" includes (i) the Company's Common Stock,
no par value per share;  and (ii) any other  securities  into which or for which
any of the securities described in (a) may be converted or exchanged pursuant to
a plan of recapitalization, reorganization, merger, sale of assets or otherwise.

            (c) The term  "Other  Securities"  refers to any stock  (other  than
Common Stock) and other securities of the Company or any other person (corporate
or  otherwise)  which the holder of the Warrant at any time shall be entitled to
receive,  or shall have received,  on the exercise of the Warrant, in lieu of or
in  addition  to Common  Stock,  or which at any time shall be issuable or shall
have been  issued in exchange  for or in  replacement  of Common  Stock or Other
Securities pursuant to Section 4 or otherwise.

            (d) The  "Exercise  Price"  applicable  under this Warrant  shall be
$2.00 per share,  subject to  adjustment  as  provided  herein.

      1. Exercise of Warrant.

            1.1 Number of Shares Issuable upon Exercise. From and after the date
hereof through and including the  Expiration  Date, the Holder shall be entitled
to receive, upon exercise of this Warrant in whole or in part, by delivery of an
original or copy of an exercise  notice in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A
(the  "Exercise  Notice"),  shares of Common  Stock of the  Company,  subject to
adjustment  pursuant to Section 4.

            1.2 Fair Market Value. For purposes hereof,  the "Fair Market Value"
of a share of Common Stock as of a particular  date (the  "Determination  Date")
shall mean:

            (a) If the Company's Common Stock is traded on the NASD OTC Bulletin
Board, the NASDAQ SmallCap Market,  NASDAQ National Market System,  the American
Stock Exchange,  the New York Stock Exchange or another national exchange,  then
the closing or last sale price, respectively, reported for the last business day
immediately preceding the Determination Date.

            (b) Except as provided in clause (c) below, if the Company's  Common
Stock is not publicly traded, then as the Holder and the Company agree or in the
absence of agreement by arbitration in accordance  with the rules then in effect
of the American Arbitration Association, before a single arbitrator to be chosen
from a panel of persons  qualified  by  education  and  training  to pass on the
matter to be decided.

            (c)  If  the  Determination  Date  is  the  date  of a  liquidation,
dissolution or winding up, or any event deemed to be a liquidation,  dissolution
or winding up pursuant to the Company's charter,  then all amounts to be payable
per share to holders of the Common Stock pursuant to the charter in the event of
such  liquidation,  dissolution  or  winding  up,  plus all other  amounts to be
payable  per share in  respect  of the  Common  Stock in  liquidation  under the
charter,  assuming for the purposes of this clause (d) that all of the shares of
Common Stock then issuable upon exercise of the Warrant are  outstanding  at the
Determination Date.


                                       2
<PAGE>

            1.3 Company  Acknowledgment.  The Company  will,  at the time of the
exercise of the Warrant,  upon the request of the holder hereof  acknowledge  in
writing its  continuing  obligation to afford to such holder any rights to which
such holder shall continue to be entitled after such exercise in accordance with
the  provisions  of this  Warrant.  If the  holder  shall  fail to make any such
request,  such failure shall not affect the continuing obligation of the Company
to afford to such holder any such rights.

            1.4 Trustee for Warrant  Holders.  In the event that a bank or trust
company  shall have been  appointed  as trustee  for the  holders of the Warrant
pursuant to Section 3.2,  such bank or trust  company  shall have all the powers
and duties of a warrant agent (as  hereinafter  described) and shall accept,  in
its own name for the account of the Company or such  successor  person as may be
entitled  thereto,  all  amounts  otherwise  payable  to  the  Company  or  such
successor,  as the case may be, on  exercise  of this  Warrant  pursuant to this
Section 1.

2. Procedure for Exercise.

            2.1 Delivery of Stock Certificates,  Etc., on Exercise.  The Company
agrees that the shares of Common Stock  purchased  upon exercise of this Warrant
shall be deemed to be issued to the Holder as the record owner of such shares as
of the close of  business  on the date on which  this  Warrant  shall  have been
surrendered  together with the Form of Exercise duly  completed and executed and
payment  made for such shares in  accordance  herewith.  As soon as  practicable
after the exercise of this  Warrant in full or in part,  and in any event within
three (3) business days  thereafter,  the Company at its expense  (including the
payment by it of any applicable issue taxes) will cause to be issued in the name
of and  delivered to the Holder,  or as such Holder (upon payment by such Holder
of any  applicable  transfer  taxes) may direct in  compliance  with  applicable
securities  laws,  a  certificate  or  certificates  for the  number of duly and
validly issued,  fully paid and  nonassessable  shares of Common Stock (or Other
Securities)  to which such Holder shall be entitled on such  exercise,  plus, in

                                       3
<PAGE>

lieu of any fractional  share to which such holder would  otherwise be entitled,
cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the then Fair Market Value of one full
share, together with any other stock or other securities and property (including
cash,  where  applicable)  to which such Holder is entitled  upon such  exercise
pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise.

            2.2 Exercise. Payment may be made either (i) in cash or by certified
or  official  bank  check  payable  to the  order  of the  Company  equal to the
applicable  aggregate  Exercise  Price,  or (ii) by wire transfer of immediately
available  funds,  (iii) by delivery of the  Warrant,  or shares of Common Stock
and/or Common Stock  receivable  upon exercise of the Warrant in accordance with
Section (b) below, or (iv) by a combination of any of the foregoing methods, for
the number of Common Shares  specified in such Exercise Notice (as such exercise
number shall be adjusted to reflect any adjustment in the total number of shares
of Common  Stock  issuable to the Holder per the terms of this  Warrant) and the
Holder  shall  thereupon  be entitled to receive the number of duly  authorized,
validly issued,  fully-paid and non-assessable  shares of Common Stock (or Other
Securities) determined as provided herein. Notwithstanding any provisions herein
to the  contrary,  if the Fair  Market  Value of one  share of  Common  Stock is
greater than the Exercise Price (at the date of calculation as set forth below),
in lieu of  exercising  this  Warrant for cash,  the Holder may elect to receive
shares equal to the value (as determined  below) of this Warrant (or the portion
thereof being exercised) by surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of
the Company together with the properly  endorsed  Exercise Notice in which event
the  Company  shall  issue to the  Holder a number of  shares  of  Common  Stock
computed using the following formula:

      X=Y (A-B)
          -----
            A

      Where X = the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Holder

      Y     = the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable under the Warrant
            or, if only a portion of the Warrant is being exercised, the portion
            of the Warrant being exercised (at the date of such calculation)

      A     = the Fair Market Value of one share of the  Company's  Common Stock
            (at the date of such calculation)

      B     = Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation)


Notwithstanding the foregoing, no more than fifty percent (50%) of the shares of
Common  Stock  purchasable  upon the  exercise  of this  Warrant may be acquired
pursuant to a "cashless exercise" pursuant to Section 2.2(iii) above.

3.       Effect of Reorganization, Etc.; Adjustment of Exercise Price.

            3.1 Reorganization,  Consolidation, Merger, Etc. In case at any time
or from  time to time,  the  Company  shall  (a)  effect a  reorganization,  (b)
consolidate  with or  merge  into  any  other  person,  or (c)  transfer  all or
substantially all of its properties or assets to any other person under any plan
or arrangement  contemplating the dissolution of the Company, then, in each such
case,  as a condition  to the  consummation  of such a  transaction,  proper and
adequate  provision  shall be made by the  Company  whereby  the  Holder of this
Warrant,  on the exercise  hereof as provided in Section 1 at any time after the
consummation of such  reorganization,  consolidation  or merger or the effective
date of such  dissolution,  as the case may be,  shall  receive,  in lieu of the
Common  Stock (or Other  Securities)  issuable  on such  exercise  prior to such
consummation or such effective date, the stock and other securities and property
(including  cash) to which  such  Holder  would  have  been  entitled  upon such
consummation or in connection with such dissolution, as the case may be, if such
Holder had so exercised this Warrant,  immediately prior thereto, all subject to
further adjustment thereafter as provided in Section 4.

            3.2  Dissolution.  In the event of any  dissolution  of the  Company
following the transfer of all or substantially  all of its properties or assets,
the Company,  concurrently with any distributions  made to holders of its Common
Stock,  shall at its expense  deliver or cause to be delivered to the Holder the
stock and other  securities  and property  (including  cash,  where  applicable)
receivable  by the Holder of the  Warrant  pursuant to Section  3.1,  or, if the
Holder shall so instruct the Company,  to a bank or trust  company  specified by
the Holder as trustee for the Holder of the Warrant (the "Trustee").

                                       4
<PAGE>

            3.3 Continuation of Terms. Upon any  reorganization,  consolidation,
merger or transfer (and any dissolution  following any transfer)  referred to in
this  Section 3, this  Warrant  shall  continue in full force and effect and the
terms hereof shall be applicable to the shares of stock and other securities and
property  receivable on the exercise of this Warrant after the  consummation  of
such   reorganization,   consolidation  or  merger  or  the  effective  date  of
dissolution  following  any such  transfer,  as the case  may be,  and  shall be
binding upon the issuer of any such stock or other securities, including, in the
case of any such transfer,  the person acquiring all or substantially all of the
properties  or assets of the  Company,  whether  or not such  person  shall have
expressly  assumed  the terms of this  Warrant as  provided in Section 4. In the
event  this  Warrant  does not  continue  in full  force  and  effect  after the
consummation of the transactions described in this Section 3, then the Company's
securities and property  (including  cash, where  applicable)  receivable by the
Holders  of  the  Warrant  will  be  delivered  to  Holder  or  the  Trustee  as
contemplated by Section 3.2.

      4. Extraordinary Events Regarding Common Stock.

      4.1  Stock  Dividends.  In the  event  that the  Company  shall  (a) issue
additional  shares of the Common  Stock as a dividend or other  distribution  on
outstanding  Common Stock, (b) subdivide its outstanding shares of Common Stock,
or (c) combine its outstanding  shares of the Common Stock into a smaller number
of shares of the Common  Stock,  then,  in each such event,  the Exercise  Price
shall,  simultaneously  with  the  happening  of  such  event,  be  adjusted  by
multiplying the then Exercise Price by a fraction,  the numerator of which shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock  outstanding  immediately  prior to such
event and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding  immediately  after such event,  and the  product so obtained  shall
thereafter  be the  Exercise  Price then in effect.  The Exercise  Price,  as so
adjusted,  shall be  readjusted  in the same  manner upon the  happening  of any
successive  event or  events  described  herein  in this  Section  4.

            4.2 Share  Issuances.  If the Company shall at any time prior to the
expiration  of this  Warrant  issue any  shares of  Common  Stock or  securities
convertible  into  Common  Stock  to a  person  other  than  the  Holder  for  a
consideration  per share (the "Offer  Price"),  less than the Exercise  Price in
effect  at the  time  of  such  issuance,  then  the  Exercise  Price  shall  be
immediately reset to such lower Offer Price. The Exercise Price, as so adjusted,
shall be  readjusted  in the same manner upon the  happening  of any  successive
event or  events  described  herein in this  Section  4.2.  Notwithstanding  the
foregoing,  no  adjustment  will be made under this  Section 4 in respect of any
Excluded Stock. Excluded Stock" means any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock
equivalents issued or issuable to the persons and entities described on Schedule
4.3 of the Securities Purchase Agreement.  This exclusion shall not apply to any
future  issuances of Common Stock unless issued to one of the named  individuals
or entities on such Schedule.

                                       5
<PAGE>

            4.3 EBITDA  Adjustment.  In the event the Borrower's  EBITDA for its
calendar  quarter  ended  September 30, 2006  is not at  least  $5,000,000,  the
Exercise  Price shall be reset as of September  30, 2006 to the closing price of
the  Common  Stock  on the  Principal  Market  on the last  trading  day in such
calendar  quarter,  if such  closing  price is less than the  Exercise  Price in
effect on such last trading day.

      4.4 Number of Shares Adjusted.

      (a) The number of shares of Common  Stock that the holder of this  Warrant
shall be entitled to receive upon exercise of this Warrant after the  occurrence
of any issuance or event  specified in Section 4.1,  Section 4.2 and Section 4.3
shall be increased to a number determined by multiplying the number of shares of
Common Stock that would  otherwise  (but for the provisions of this Section 4.4)
be issuable on such  exercise  by a fraction of which (i) the  numerator  is the
Exercise  Price that would  otherwise  (but for the  provisions  of Section 4.1,
Section  4.2 or  Section  4.3  (as  applicable))  be in  effect,  and  (ii)  the
denominator is the Exercise Price in effect on the date of such exercise.

      (b) If the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  has  not  declared  the
Registration  Statement (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement between
Holder and the Company to be entered into concurrently with the issuance of this
Warrant)  effective in accordance with the time period set forth in Section 2(b)
of the Registration Rights Agreement,  the number of shares of Common Stock that
the holder of this Warrant  shall be entitled to receive  upon  exercise of this
Warrant  shall be increased by 20,000  shares for each thirty (30) day period of
delay (prorated for partial periods) at the Exercise Price in effect immediately
prior to such increase.

      5.  Certificate  as to  Adjustments.  In each  case of any  adjustment  or
readjustment  in the  Exercise  Price or the  shares of  Common  Stock (or Other
Securities)  issuable on the exercise of the Warrant, the Company at its expense
will promptly cause its Chief Financial Officer or other appropriate designee to
compute such  adjustment or  readjustment  in  accordance  with the terms of the
Warrant and prepare a certificate  setting forth such adjustment or readjustment
and showing in detail the facts upon which such  adjustment or  readjustment  is
based,  including a statement of (a) the consideration received or receivable by
the  Company for any  additional  shares of Common  Stock (or Other  Securities)
issued or sold or deemed to have been  issued or sold,  (b) the number of shares
of Common Stock (or Other  Securities)  outstanding or deemed to be outstanding,
and (c) the  Exercise  Price and the  number  of  shares  of Common  Stock to be
received  upon  exercise of this Warrant,  in effect  immediately  prior to such
adjustment  or  readjustment  and as adjusted or  readjusted as provided in this
Warrant.  The Company will forthwith mail a copy of each such certificate to the
holder of the Warrant and any Warrant agent of the Company  (appointed  pursuant
to Section 10 hereof).

                                       6
<PAGE>

      6.  Reservation  of Stock,  Etc.,  Issuable on  Exercise  of Warrant.  The
Company will at all times  reserve and keep  available,  solely for issuance and
delivery  on the  exercise  of the  Warrant,  shares of  Common  Stock (or Other
Securities) from time to time issuable on the exercise of the Warrant.

      7.  Assignment; Exchange of Warrant. Subject to compliance with applicable
securities  laws,  this  Warrant,  and  the  rights  evidenced  hereby,  may  be
transferred  by any  registered  holder hereof (a  "Transferor")  in whole or in
part.  On the  surrender  for exchange of this  Warrant,  with the  Transferor's
endorsement  in  the  form  of  Exhibit  B  attached  hereto  (the   "Transferor
Endorsement  Form") and together with evidence  reasonably  satisfactory  to the
Company  demonstrating  compliance with applicable  securities laws, which shall
include,  without limitation,  a legal opinion from the Transferor's counsel (at
the  Company's  expense)  that such  transfer  is exempt  from the  registration
requirements of applicable securities laws, the Company at its expense (but with
payment by the  Transferor  of any  applicable  transfer  taxes)  will issue and
deliver  to or on the  order of the  Transferor  thereof a new  Warrant  of like
tenor, in the name of the Transferor and/or the transferee(s)  specified in such
Transferor  Endorsement Form (each a "Transferee"),  calling in the aggregate on
the face or faces thereof for the number of shares of Common Stock called for on
the  face  or  faces  of  the  Warrant  so   surrendered   by  the   Transferor.
Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  any  transfer  in whole or in part to a lineal
descendant of Edward D. and Anna Mitchell and their  affiliates as  contemplated
by the Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and the original Holder
of this Warrant shall be approved without delivery of any legal opinion or other
condition.

      8.  Replacement of Warrant. On receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to the Company of the loss,  theft,  destruction  or  mutilation of this Warrant
and, in the case of any such loss,  theft or  destruction  of this  Warrant,  on
delivery of an indemnity agreement or security  reasonably  satisfactory in form
and amount to the Company or, in the case of any such  mutilation,  on surrender
and  cancellation  of this Warrant,  the Company at its expense will execute and
deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Warrant of like tenor.

      9.  Registration  Rights.  The  Holder of this  Warrant  has been  granted
certain  registration  rights by the Company.  These registration rights are set
forth  in a  Registration  Rights  Agreement  entered  into by the  Company  and
Purchaser dated as of even date of this Warrant.

      10. Warrant  Agent.  The Company may, by written notice to the each Holder
of the  Warrant,  appoint an agent for the purpose of issuing  Common  Stock (or
Other  Securities)  on the  exercise  of this  Warrant  pursuant  to  Section 1,
exchanging  this  Warrant  pursuant  to Section 7, and  replacing  this  Warrant
pursuant  to  Section  8,  or any of the  foregoing,  and  thereafter  any  such
issuance,  exchange or  replacement,  as the case may be,  shall be made at such
office by such agent.

                                       7
<PAGE>

      11. Transfer on the Company's Books.  Until this Warrant is transferred on
the books of the Company,  the Company may treat the registered holder hereof as
the absolute  owner hereof for all purposes,  notwithstanding  any notice to the
contrary.

      12. Notices, Etc. All notices and other communications from the Company to
the  Holder  of this  Warrant  shall be  mailed  by first  class  registered  or
certified mail,  postage prepaid,  at such address as may have been furnished to
the Company in writing by such Holder or, until any such Holder furnishes to the
Company an  address,  then to, and at the  address  of, the last  Holder of this
Warrant who has so furnished an address to the Company.

      13.  Miscellaneous.  This  Warrant  and any term  hereof  may be  changed,
waived,  discharged or terminated only by an instrument in writing signed by the
party against which enforcement of such change, waiver, discharge or termination
is sought.  This Warrant shall be governed by and  construed in accordance  with
the laws of State of Florida  without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
Any action brought  concerning  the  transactions  contemplated  by this Warrant
shall be brought  only in the state  courts of Florida or in the federal  courts
located in the State of Florida;  provided,  however, that the Holder may choose
to waive this  provision and bring an action  outside the State of Florida.  The
individuals  executing  this Warrant on behalf of the Company agree to submit to
the  jurisdiction  of such courts and waive trial by jury. The prevailing  party
shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney's fees
and  costs.  In the event  that any  provision  of this  Warrant  is  invalid or
unenforceable  under any applicable  statute or rule of law, then such provision
shall be deemed  inoperative  to the extent that it may conflict  therewith  and
shall be deemed  modified to conform  with such statute or rule of law. Any such
provision  which  may prove  invalid  or  unenforceable  under any law shall not
affect the validity or  enforceability  of any other  provision of this Warrant.
The headings in this Warrant are for purposes of reference  only,  and shall not
limit  or  otherwise  affect  any  of  the  terms  hereof.   The  invalidity  or
unenforceability  of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or
enforceability  of any other provision  hereof.  The Company  acknowledges  that
legal counsel  participated in the  preparation of this Warrant and,  therefore,
stipulates  that the rule of  construction  that  ambiguities are to be resolved
against the drafting  party shall not be applied in the  interpretation  of this
Warrant to favor any party against the other party.

                   [BALANCE OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK;
                            SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS.]


                                       8
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the Company has executed this Warrant as of the date
first written above.


                                 AGU Entertainment Corp., a Delaware corporation

                                 By:/s/ David C. Levy
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    David C. Levy, President and Secretary


                                       9
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A

                              FORM OF SUBSCRIPTION

                   (To Be Signed Only On Exercise Of Warrant)

TO:      AGU Entertainment Corp.
         3200 West Oakland Park Boulevard
         Lauderdale Lakes, Florida  33311
         Attention:        Chief Financial Officer

      The  undersigned,  pursuant to the  provisions  set forth in the  attached
Warrant (No.____), hereby irrevocably elects to purchase (check applicable box):

________ ________ shares of the Common Stock covered by such Warrant; or

________ the maximum  number of shares of Common  Stock  covered by such Warrant
      pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in Section 2.

      The undersigned herewith makes payment of the full Exercise Price for such
shares  at  the  price  per  share  provided  for  in  such  Warrant,  which  is
$___________. Such payment takes the form of (check applicable box or boxes):

________ $__________ in lawful money of the United States; and/or

________ the  cancellation  of  such  portion  of  the  attached  Warrant  as is
      exercisable  for a total of _______  shares of Common  Stock (using a Fair
      Market  Value of $_______  per share for  purposes  of this  calculation);
      and/or

________ the  cancellation  of such  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock as is
      necessary,  in  accordance  with the formula set forth in Section  2.2, to
      exercise  this  Warrant  with  respect to the maximum  number of shares of
      Common Stock purchasable  pursuant to the cashless exercise  procedure set
      forth in Section 2.

The undersigned  requests that the certificates for such shares be issued in the
name of, and  delivered  to  ____________________________________________  whose
address is ____________________________________________.

      The  undersigned  represents and warrants that all offers and sales by the
undersigned of the securities issuable upon exercise of the within Warrant shall
be made pursuant to registration of the Common Stock under the Securities Act of
1933,  as amended  (the  "Securities  Act") or  pursuant  to an  exemption  from
registration under the Securities Act.

Dated:
      -------------------------   ----------------------------------------------
                                  (Signature must conform to name of holder as
                                  specified on the face of the Warrant)

                                  Address:
                                          --------------------------------------


                                       10
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT B

                         FORM OF TRANSFEROR ENDORSEMENT

                   (To Be Signed Only On Transfer Of Warrant)

      For value received,  the undersigned hereby sells,  assigns, and transfers
unto the  person(s)  named  below  under  the  heading  "Transferees"  the right
represented  by the within  Warrant to  purchase  the  percentage  and number of
shares of Common Stock of AGU Entertainment  Corp. into which the within Warrant
relates  specified  under the  headings  "Percentage  Transferred"  and  "Number
Transferred," respectively,  opposite the name(s) of such person(s) and appoints
each such person  Attorney to transfer its respective  right on the books of AGU
Entertainment Corp. with full power of substitution in the premises.

                                           Percentage        Number
Transferees       Address                 Transferred   Transferred
- ------------      ----------        -----------------   -----------

- ------------      ----------        -----------------   -----------

- ------------      ----------        -----------------   -----------

- ------------      ----------        -----------------   -----------

Dated
     ----------------------------   --------------------------------------------
                                   (Signature must conform to name of holder as
                                   specified on the face of the Warrant)

                                    Address:
                                            ------------------------------------

                                            ------------------------------------

                                   SIGNED IN THE PRESENCE OF:



                                    --------------------------------------------
                                                    (Name)
ACCEPTED AND AGREED:
[TRANSFEREE]

- -----------------------------
       (Name)

                                       11

