


                          SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

      THIS SECURITIES  PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered
into as of December 20, 2004, by and between AGU Entertainment Corp., a Delaware
corporation  (the "Company"),  its Subsidiaries The Tube Music Network,  Inc., a
Florida corporation ("Tube Music"), and Pyramid Records  International,  Inc., a
Florida  corporation  ("Pyramid  Records"),   on  the  one  hand,  and  Mitchell
Entertainment  Company,  a Delaware limited liability company (the "Purchaser"),
on the other hand.

                                    RECITALS

      WHEREAS,  each  of  the  Company,  Tube  Music  and  Pyramid  Records  has
authorized the issuance and sale to the Purchaser of a Secured  Convertible Term
Note in the aggregate principal amount of Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000) (as
amended,  modified or supplemented from time to time, the "Note"), which Note is
convertible  into shares of the Company's  common stock,  no par value per share
(the "Common Stock") at an initial conversion price of $1.50 per share of Common
Stock ("Conversion Price");

      WHEREAS,  the Note and all obligations of the Company under this Agreement
and the Related  Agreements  (as  hereinafter  defined) will be secured by (a) a
second  mortgage on real  property to be acquired  concurrently  herewith by the
Company  between 31st Avenue and Summerset Drive in Lauderdale  Lakes,  Florida,
consisting of approximately  22.6 acres (the "Lauderdale Lakes  Property"),  and
(b) a security  interest in  substantially  all of the  remaining  assets of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, all as approved by the Purchaser;

      WHEREAS,  the  Company  wishes  to issue a  warrant  to the  Purchaser  to
purchase  up to  2,000,000  shares of the  Company's  Common  Stock  (subject to
adjustment as set forth therein) in connection with Purchaser's  purchase of the
Note;

      WHEREAS,  Purchaser  desires  to  purchase  the Note and the  Warrant  (as
defined in Section 2) on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and

      WHEREAS,  the  Company  desires to issue and sell the Note and  Warrant to
Purchaser on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

                                    AGREEMENT

      NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the mutual
promises,  representations,  warranties and covenants  hereinafter set forth and
for other good and valuable consideration,  the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby  acknowledged,  the parties hereto agree as follows:


<PAGE>

      1.  Agreement to Sell and Purchase.  Pursuant to the terms and  conditions
set forth in this Agreement,  on the Closing Date (as defined in Section 3), the
Company, Tube Music and Pyramid Records agree to sell to the Purchaser,  and the
Purchaser hereby agrees to purchase from such entities,  a Note in the aggregate
principal amount of $3,000,000  convertible in accordance with the terms thereof
into shares of the  Company's  Common Stock (the "Note  Shares").  A form of the
Note is annexed  hereto as Exhibit A. The Note will mature on the Maturity  Date
(as defined in the Note).  Collectively,  the Note and Warrant and Common  Stock
issuable  upon  conversion  of the Note and upon  exercise  of the  Warrant  are
referred to as the "Securities."

      2. Warrant and Fees. On the Closing  Date:

            (a) The Company will issue and deliver to the Purchaser a Warrant to
purchase  up to  2,000,000  shares of  Common  Stock (as  amended,  modified  or
supplemented from time to time, the "Warrant") pursuant to Section 1 hereof. The
Warrant be  delivered  on the  Closing  Date.  A form of the  Warrant is annexed
hereto  as  Exhibit   B.  All  the   representations,   covenants,   warranties,
undertakings,  and  indemnification,  and other rights made or granted to or for
the benefit of the Purchaser by the Company,  Tube Music and Pyramid Records are
hereby  also made and  granted  in  respect  of the  Warrant  and  shares of the
Company's  Common Stock  issuable  upon  exercise of the Warrant  (the  "Warrant
Shares").

            (b) The Company shall pay to Palmetto  Services,  Inc., an affiliate
of the Purchaser, a finders fee in an amount equal to $60,000. The foregoing fee
is referred to herein as the "Closing Payment."

            (c) The Company  shall  reimburse  the  Purchaser  for its costs and
expenses  (including legal fees) incurred in connection with the preparation and
negotiation of this Agreement and the Related  Agreements,  and the consummation
of the transactions  contemplated  thereby,  and expenses incurred in connection
with the  Purchaser's due diligence  review of the Company and its  Subsidiaries
and all related matters.

            (d)  The  Closing  Payment  and  the  expenses  referred  to in  the
preceding clause (c) (net of deposits previously paid by the Company) as well as
Borrower's  counsel  fees  shall  be paid  at  Closing  (as  defined  below)  in
accordance   with  a  disbursement   letter   prepared  by  the  Purchaser  (the
"Disbursement Letter").

      3. Closing, Delivery and Payment.

            3.1 Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions herein, the closing
of the transactions contemplated hereby (the "Closing"), shall take place on the
date  hereof,  at such time or place as the Company and  Purchaser  may mutually
agree (such date is hereinafter referred to as the "Closing Date").

            3.2 Delivery.  At the Closing on the Closing Date, the Company, Tube
Music and Pyramid  Records shall deliver to the  Purchaser,  among other things,
the Note and the Warrant and the Purchaser  shall deliver to the Company,  among
other  things,  the amounts set forth in the  Disbursement  Letter by  certified
funds or wire transfer.

                                       2
<PAGE>

      4.  Representations  and  Warranties of the Company and its  Subsidiaries.
Each of the  Company,  Tube Music and  Pyramid  Records  jointly  and  severally
represents and warrants to the Purchaser as follows (which  representations  and
warranties are supplemented by, and subject to, the Company's  filings under the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934  (collectively,  the "Exchange  Act  Filings"),
copies of which are available to the Purchaser):

            4.1  Organization,  Good  Standing  and  Qualification.  Each of the
Company and its Subsidiaries is a corporation  duly organized,  validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization. Each of
the Company and each of its  Subsidiaries  has the corporate power and authority
to own and  operate  its  properties  and  assets,  to execute  and  deliver the
following  to which  it is a party  (i)  this  Agreement,  (ii) the Note and the
Warrant  to be  issued  in  connection  with this  Agreement,  (iii) the  Master
Security  Agreement  dated  as of the  date  hereof  between  the  Company,  its
Subsidiaries and the Purchaser (as amended,  modified or supplemented  from time
to time,  the "Security  Agreement"),  (iv) the  Registration  Rights  Agreement
relating to the  Securities  dated as of the date hereof between the Company and
the  Purchaser  (as amended,  modified or  supplemented  from time to time,  the
"Registration Rights Agreement"),  (v) the Mortgage Deed and Security Agreement,
Assignment  of Rents and Leases dated as of the date hereof  between the Company
and the Purchaser (as amended,  modified or supplemented  from time to time, the
"Mortgage"),  (vi) the  Environmental  Indemnity  Agreement dated as of the date
hereof  between  the  Company  and  the  Purchaser  (as  amended,   modified  or
supplemented from time to time, the  "Environmental  Indemnity  Agreement),  and
(vii) all other  agreements  related to this Agreement and the Note and referred
to herein (the preceding clauses (ii) through (vii), collectively,  the "Related
Agreements"),  to issue and sell the Note and the Note Shares, to issue and sell
the  Warrant  and the  Warrant  Shares,  to  carry  out the  provisions  of this
Agreement and the Related  Agreements  and to carry on its business as presently
conducted.  Each of the Company and its  Subsidiaries  is duly  qualified and is
authorized  to do business  and is in good  standing  as a foreign  corporation,
partnership  or  limited  liability  company,   as  the  case  may  be,  in  all
jurisdictions  in which the nature of its activities and of its properties (both
owned  and  leased)  makes  such  qualification  necessary,   except  for  those
jurisdictions  in which failure to do so has not had, or could not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on
the  business,   assets,   liabilities,   condition  (financial  or  otherwise),
properties,  operations or prospects of the Company and it  Subsidiaries,  taken
individually and as a whole (a "Material Adverse Effect").

            4.2  Subsidiaries.  Each  direct  and  indirect  Subsidiary  of  the
Company,  the  direct  owner of such  Subsidiary  and its  percentage  ownership
thereof,  is set forth on Schedule  4.2.  For the purpose of this  Agreement,  a
"Subsidiary"  of any person or entity  means (i) a  corporation  or other entity
whose shares of stock or other ownership  interests having ordinary voting power
(other than stock or other ownership  interests having such power only by reason
of the happening of a contingency)  to elect a majority of the directors of such
corporation,  or other persons or entities performing similar functions for such
person or entity, are owned, directly or indirectly, by such person or entity or
(ii) a corporation or other entity in which such person or entity owns, directly
or indirectly, more than 50% of the equity interests at such time.

                                       3
<PAGE>

            4.3 Capitalization; Voting Rights.

            (a) The  authorized  capital  stock of the  Company,  as of the date
hereof consists of 110,000,000 shares, of which 100,000,000 are shares of Common
Stock, no par value, 23,355,076 shares of which are issued and outstanding,  and
10,000,000 are shares of preferred stock, no par value, of which zero shares are
issued and outstanding.  The authorized  capital stock of each Subsidiary of the
Company is set forth on Schedule 4.3.

            (b) Except as disclosed on Schedule 4.3,  other than: (i) the shares
reserved for issuance  under the Company's  stock option plans;  and (ii) shares
which may be granted  pursuant to this  Agreement  and the  Related  Agreements,
there are no outstanding  options,  warrants,  rights  (including  conversion or
preemptive rights and rights of first refusal), proxy or stockholder agreements,
or arrangements  or agreements of any kind for the purchase or acquisition  from
the Company of any of its  securities.  Except as  disclosed  on  Schedule  4.3,
neither the offer,  issuance or sale of any of the Note or the  Warrant,  or the
issuance of any of the Note Shares or Warrant  Shares,  nor the  consummation of
any  transaction  contemplated  hereby  will  result in a change in the price or
number of any  securities of the Company  outstanding,  under  anti-dilution  or
other similar provisions contained in or affecting any such securities.

            (c) All issued and outstanding shares of the Company's Common Stock:
(i) have  been  duly  authorized  and  validly  issued  and are  fully  paid and
nonassessable;  and (ii) were issued in compliance with all applicable state and
federal laws concerning the issuance of securities.

            (d) The rights,  preferences,  privileges  and  restrictions  of the
shares  of the  Common  Stock  are as stated  in the  Company's  Certificate  of
Incorporation (the "Charter"). The Note Shares and Warrant Shares have been duly
and validly reserved for issuance. When issued in compliance with the provisions
of this  Agreement and the Company's  Charter,  the  Securities  will be validly
issued,  fully  paid  and  nonassessable,  and  will  be free  of any  liens  or
encumbrances;   provided,  however,  that  the  Securities  may  be  subject  to
restrictions on transfer under state and/or federal securities laws as set forth
herein or as otherwise required by such laws at the time a transfer is proposed.

            4.4 Authorization;  Binding Obligations. All corporate action on the
part of the  Company  and each of its  Subsidiaries  (including  the  respective
officers and directors)  necessary for the  authorization  of this Agreement and
the Related  Agreements,  the  performance of all obligations of the Company and
its Subsidiaries hereunder and under the other Related Agreements at the Closing
and, the authorization,  sale, issuance and delivery of the Note and Warrant has
been taken or will be taken prior to the Closing. This Agreement and the Related
Agreements, when executed and delivered and to the extent it is a party thereto,
will  be  valid  and  binding  obligations  of  each  of  the  Company  and  its
Subsidiaries,  enforceable  against  each such person in  accordance  with their
terms, except:

                                       4
<PAGE>

            (a) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium  or  other  laws of  general  application  affecting  enforcement  of
creditors' rights; and

            (b) general  principles of equity that restrict the  availability of
equitable or legal remedies.

The sale of the Note and the subsequent  conversion of the Note into Note Shares
are not and will not be  subject  to any  preemptive  rights  or rights of first
refusal that have not been properly waived or complied with. The issuance of the
Warrant and the  subsequent  exercise of the Warrant for Warrant  Shares are not
and will not be subject to any preemptive rights or rights of first refusal that
have not been properly  waived or complied  with.

            4.5 Liabilities. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
any contingent liabilities,  except current liabilities incurred in the ordinary
course of business and liabilities disclosed in any Exchange Act Filings.

            4.6  Agreements;  Action.  Except as set forth on Schedule 4.6 or as
disclosed in any Exchange Act Filings:

            (a) there are no agreements, understandings, instruments, contracts,
proposed transactions,  judgments, orders, writs or decrees to which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound which may involve:
(i)  obligations  (contingent  or otherwise)  of, or payments to, the Company in
excess of $100,000  (other  than  obligations  of, or  payments  to, the Company
arising from purchase or sale agreements  entered into in the ordinary course of
business);  or (ii) the  transfer  or license of any  patent,  copyright,  trade
secret or other  proprietary  right to or from the Company  (other than licenses
arising from the  purchase of "off the shelf" or other  standard  products);  or
(iii) provisions restricting the development, manufacture or distribution of the
Company's  products or  services;  or (iv)  indemnification  by the Company with
respect to infringements of proprietary rights.

            (b) Since  December  31,  2003,  neither  the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has: (i) declared or paid any dividends,  or authorized or made any
distribution  upon or with respect to any class or series of its capital  stock;
(ii)  incurred  any  indebtedness  for money  borrowed or any other  liabilities
(other than ordinary  course  obligations);  (iii) made any loans or advances to
any person not in excess,  individually or in the aggregate, of $100,000,  other
than ordinary course advances for travel  expenses;  or (iv) sold,  exchanged or
otherwise  disposed  of any of its assets or rights,  other than the sale of its
inventory in the ordinary course of business.

            4.7 Obligations to Related Parties.  Except as set forth on Schedule
4.7,  there are no  obligations  of the  Company or any of its  Subsidiaries  to
officers,  directors,  stockholders  or  employees  of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries other than:

            (a) for  payment  of  salary in the  ordinary  course  for  services
rendered;

                                       5
<PAGE>



            (b) reimbursement for reasonable  expenses incurred on behalf of the
Company and its Subsidiaries;

            (c) for other standard employee benefits made generally available to
all employees  (including stock option  agreements  outstanding  under any stock
option plan approved by the Board of Directors of the Company); and

            (d)  obligations  listed  in  the  Company's  financial   statements
delivered to the Purchaser or disclosed in any of its Exchange Act Filings.

Except as described  above or set forth on Schedule  4.7,  none of the officers,
directors  or,  to the  best  of  the  Company's  knowledge,  key  employees  or
stockholders  of the Company or any  members of their  immediate  families,  are
indebted to the Company,  individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $50,000
or have any direct or indirect  ownership  interest  in any firm or  corporation
with which the  Company is  affiliated  or with which the Company has a business
relationship,  or any firm or corporation which competes with the Company, other
than passive  investments in publicly traded companies  (representing  less than
one percent (1%) of such company) which may compete with the Company.  Except as
described  above, no officer,  director or  stockholder,  or any member of their
immediate  families,  is,  directly or  indirectly,  interested  in any material
contract  with  the  Company  and  no  agreements,  understandings  or  proposed
transactions are contemplated between the Company and any such person. Except as
set forth on Schedule  4.7, the Company is not a guarantor or  indemnitor of any
indebtedness of any other person, firm or corporation.

            4.8 Changes.  Since  December  31, 2003,  except as disclosed in any
Exchange  Act  Filing  or in any  Schedule  to this  Agreement  or to any of the
Related Agreements,  there has not been:

            (a) any  change  in the  business,  assets,  liabilities,  condition
(financial or otherwise),  properties, operations or prospects of the Company or
any of its  Subsidiaries,  which  individually  or in the  aggregate has had, or
could  reasonably  be  expected to have,  individually  or in the  aggregate,  a
Material Adverse Effect;

            (b) any  resignation or termination of any officer,  key employee or
group of employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

            (c) any material change,  except in the ordinary course of business,
in the contingent  obligations of the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries by way
of guaranty, endorsement, indemnity, warranty or otherwise;

            (d) any  damage,  destruction  or loss,  whether  or not  covered by
insurance,  has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect;

            (e)  any  waiver  by the  Company  or any of its  Subsidiaries  of a
valuable right or of a material debt owed to it;

                                       6
<PAGE>

            (f) any direct or  indirect  loans made by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to any stockholder, employee, officer or director of the Company or
any of its  Subsidiaries,  other than  advances  made in the ordinary  course of
business;

            (g) any material change in any compensation arrangement or agreement
with any employee, officer, director or stockholder of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries;

            (h) any declaration or payment of any dividend or other distribution
of the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

            (i) any labor organization activity related to the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries;

            (j)  any  debt,   obligation  or  liability  incurred,   assumed  or
guaranteed  by  the  Company  or  any  of its  Subsidiaries,  except  those  for
immaterial amounts and for current  liabilities  incurred in the ordinary course
of business;

            (k) any sale,  assignment  or transfer of any  patents,  trademarks,
copyrights, trade secrets or other intangible assets owned by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries;

            (l) any change in any material agreement to which the Company or any
of its  Subsidiaries  is a party or by which  either  the  Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is bound which either  individually or in the aggregate has had, or
could  reasonably  be  expected to have,  individually  or in the  aggregate,  a
Material Adverse Effect;

            (m) any other  event or  condition  of any  character  that,  either
individually  or in the aggregate,  has had, or could  reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; or

            (n) any  arrangement  or  commitment  by the  Company  or any of its
Subsidiaries  to do any of the acts  described  in  subsection  (a)  through (m)
above.

            4.9 Title to Properties and Assets;  Liens, Etc. Except as set forth
on  Schedule  4.9,  each  of the  Company  and its  Subsidiaries  has  good  and
marketable  title to its properties and assets,  and good title to its leasehold
estates, in each case subject to no mortgage,  pledge, lien, lease,  encumbrance
or charge,  other than:

            (a) those resulting from taxes which have not yet become delinquent;

            (b) minor liens and  encumbrances  which do not  materially  detract
from the  value  of the  property  subject  thereto  or  materially  impair  the
operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; and

            (c) those  that have  otherwise  arisen  in the  ordinary  course of
business.

All facilities,  machinery,  equipment,  fixtures, vehicles and other properties
owned,  leased or used by the Company and its Subsidiaries are in good operating
condition  and repair and are  reasonably  fit and usable for the  purposes  for
which they are being used.  Except as set forth on Schedule 4.9, the Company and
its  Subsidiaries  are in  compliance  with all material  terms of each lease or
license  to  which  it is a  party  or is  otherwise  bound.

                                       7
<PAGE>

      4.10 Intellectual Property.

      (a) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.10,  each of the Company and each of
its  Subsidiaries  owns or  possesses  sufficient  legal  rights to all patents,
trademarks,  service marks, trade names,  copyrights,  trade secrets,  licenses,
information  and  other  proprietary  rights  and  processes  necessary  for its
business as now conducted and to the Company's knowledge,  as presently proposed
to be conducted (the "Intellectual Property"), without any known infringement of
the rights of others. There are no outstanding  options,  licenses or agreements
of any kind relating to the foregoing  proprietary rights, nor is the Company or
any of  its  Subsidiaries  bound  by or a  party  to any  options,  licenses  or
agreements of any kind with respect to the patents,  trademarks,  service marks,
trade  names,  copyrights,  trade  secrets,  licenses,   information  and  other
proprietary  rights and  processes of any other person or entity other than such
licenses or agreements  arising from the purchase of "off the shelf" or standard
products.

      (b) Except as set forth on Schedule  4.10,  neither the Company nor any of
its  Subsidiaries has received any  communications  alleging that the Company or
any of its  Subsidiaries  has violated any of the patents,  trademarks,  service
marks,  trade names,  copyrights or trade secrets or other proprietary rights of
any other person or entity,  nor is the Company or any of its Subsidiaries aware
of any basis therefor.

      (c) The Company does not believe it is or will be necessary to utilize any
inventions,  trade secrets or  proprietary  information  of any of its employees
made prior to their employment by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except
for  inventions,  trade  secrets  or  proprietary  information  that  have  been
rightfully assigned to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

      4.11 Compliance with Other Instruments. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries  is in  violation  or  default  of (x) any term of its  Charter  or
Bylaws,  or (y) of any  provision  of  any  indebtedness,  mortgage,  indenture,
contract,  agreement or  instrument to which it is party or by which it is bound
or of any judgment,  decree,  order or writ, which violation or default,  in the
case of this  clause  (y),  has had,  or could  reasonably  be expected to have,
either  individually  or in  the  aggregate,  a  Material  Adverse  Effect.  The
execution,  delivery and  performance of and compliance  with this Agreement and
the Related  Agreements to which it is a party, and the issuance and sale of the
Note by the Company and the other Securities by the Company each pursuant hereto
and thereto,  will not, with or without the passage of time or giving of notice,
result in any such  material  violation,  or be in conflict with or constitute a
default  under any such term or  provision,  or  result in the  creation  of any
mortgage,  pledge,  lien,  encumbrance  or charge upon any of the  properties or
assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or the suspension,  revocation,
impairment,  forfeiture or nonrenewal of any permit,  license,  authorization or
approval  applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,  its business or
operations or any of its assets or properties.

                                       8
<PAGE>

      4.12 Litigation.  Except as set forth on Schedule 4.12 hereto, there is no
action,  suit,   proceeding  or  investigation  pending  or,  to  the  Company's
knowledge,  currently  threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
that  prevents the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries  from  entering into this
Agreement or the other Related Agreements, or from consummating the transactions
contemplated  hereby  or  thereby,  or which  has had,  or could  reasonably  be
expected to have,  either  individually or in the aggregate,  a Material Adverse
Effect or any change in the current  equity  ownership  of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, nor is the Company aware that there is any basis to assert any
of the foregoing.  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party or
subject to the provisions of any order, writ, injunction,  judgment or decree of
any court or government  agency or  instrumentality.  There is no action,  suit,
proceeding or investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries  currently
pending or which the  Company or any of its  Subsidiaries  intends to  initiate.


      4.13  Tax  Returns  and  Payments.  Each of the  Company  and  each of its
Subsidiaries  has  timely  filed all tax  returns  (federal,  state  and  local)
required  to be filed by it.  All  taxes  shown  to be due and  payable  on such
returns,  any  assessments  imposed,  and all other taxes due and payable by the
Company or any of its  Subsidiaries on or before the Closing,  have been paid or
will be paid prior to the time they  become  delinquent.  Except as set forth on
Schedule 4.13, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been advised:

      (a) that any of its  returns,  federal,  state or other,  have been or are
being audited as of the date hereof; or

      (b) of any  deficiency in assessment or proposed  judgment to its federal,
state or other taxes.

The Company has no knowledge of any  liability of any tax to be imposed upon its
properties  or assets as of the date of this  Agreement  that is not  adequately
provided for.

      4.14 Employees.  Except as set forth on Schedule 4.14, neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has any collective bargaining agreements with any of
its employees.  There is no labor union  organizing  activity pending or, to the
Company's  knowledge,  threatened  with  respect  to the  Company  or any of its
Subsidiaries.  Except as  disclosed  in the  Exchange Act Filings or on Schedule
4.14,  neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by
any currently effective employment contract,  deferred compensation arrangement,
bonus plan,  incentive plan, profit sharing plan,  retirement agreement or other
employee compensation plan or agreement. To the Company's knowledge, no employee
of the  Company or any of its  Subsidiaries,  nor any  consultant  with whom the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries  has contracted,  is in violation of any term
of any  employment  contract,  proprietary  information  agreement  or any other
agreement  relating to the right of any such individual to be employed by, or to
contract with, the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries  because of the nature of
the business to be conducted by the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries;  and to
the Company's  knowledge  the continued  employment by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries of its present employees,  and the performance of the Company's and
its Subsidiaries' contracts with its independent contractors, will not result in
any such  violation.  Neither the Company nor any of its  Subsidiaries  is aware
that any of its employees is obligated under any contract  (including  licenses,

                                       9
<PAGE>

covenants or  commitments of any nature) or other  agreement,  or subject to any
judgment,  decree or order of any court or  administrative  agency,  that  would
interfere with their duties to the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries.  Neither
the Company nor any of its  Subsidiaries  has received any notice  alleging that
any such  violation  has  occurred.  Except  for  employees  who have a  current
effective  employment  or  consulting  agreement  with the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries,  no employee of the  Company or any of its  Subsidiaries  has been
granted  the  right  to  continued  employment  by  the  Company  or  any of its
Subsidiaries or to any material compensation following termination of employment
with the  Company or any of its  Subsidiaries.  Except as set forth on  Schedule
4.14,  the  Company  is not aware that any  officer,  key  employee  or group of
employees  intends to terminate his, her or their employment with the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries,  nor does the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have a
present  intention to terminate the  employment of any officer,  key employee or
group of employees.

      4.15  Registration  Rights  and  Voting  Rights.  Except  as set  forth on
Schedule  4.15 and except as  disclosed  in Exchange  Act  Filings,  neither the
Company nor any of its  Subsidiaries  is  presently  under any  obligation,  and
neither  the  Company nor any of its  Subsidiaries  has  granted any rights,  to
register  any  of  the  Company's  or its  Subsidiaries'  presently  outstanding
securities or any of its securities that may hereafter be issued.  Except as set
forth on Schedule  4.15 and except as disclosed in Exchange Act Filings,  to the
Company's  knowledge,  no stockholder of the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries
has entered into any agreement  with respect to the voting of equity  securities
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

      4.16  Compliance  with Laws;  Permits.  Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is in violation of any applicable statute, rule, regulation,  order
or restriction of any domestic or foreign  government or any  instrumentality or
agency thereof in respect of the conduct of its business or the ownership of its
properties  which has had,  or could  reasonably  be  expected  to have,  either
individually or in the aggregate,  a Material  Adverse  Effect.  No governmental
orders,  permissions,  consents,  approvals or authorizations are required to be
obtained  and no  registrations  or  declarations  are  required  to be filed in
connection  with the  execution  and  delivery  of this  Agreement  or any other
Related Agreement and the issuance of any of the Securities,  except such as has
been duly and validly  obtained or filed,  or with  respect to any filings  that
must be made after the Closing, as will be filed in a timely manner. Each of the
Company and its Subsidiaries has all material franchises,  permits, licenses and
any similar  authority  necessary  for the conduct of its  business as now being
conducted  by it,  the  lack  of  which  could,  either  individually  or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

      4.17  Environmental  and Safety  Laws.  Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries  is in  violation  of any  applicable  statute,  law or  regulation
relating  to the  environment  or  occupational  health and  safety,  and to its
knowledge,  no material  expenditures are or will be required in order to comply
with any such  existing  statute,  law or  regulation.  Except  as set  forth on
Schedule  4.17, no Hazardous  Materials (as defined below) are used or have been
used,  stored,  or disposed of by the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries or, to
the Company's  knowledge,  by any other person or entity on any property  owned,
leased or used by the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries.  For the  purposes of
the preceding sentence, "Hazardous Materials" shall mean:

                                       10
<PAGE>

      (a)  materials  which are listed or otherwise  defined as  "hazardous"  or
"toxic" under any  applicable  local,  state,  federal  and/or  foreign laws and
regulations  that  govern  the  existence  and/or  remedy  of  contamination  on
property,  the protection of the environment from contamination,  the control of
hazardous wastes, or other activities involving hazardous substances,  including
building materials; or

      (b) any petroleum products or nuclear materials.

      4.18 Valid  Offering.  Assuming  the accuracy of the  representations  and
warranties of the Purchaser  contained in this  Agreement,  the offer,  sale and
issuance  of  the  Note  and  Warrant  will  be  exempt  from  the  registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  "Securities  Act"),
and will have been registered or qualified (or are exempt from  registration and
qualification) under the registration,  permit or qualification  requirements of
all applicable state securities laws.

      4.19 Full Disclosure. Each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has
provided  the  Purchaser  with all  information  requested  by the  Purchaser in
connection  with its decision to purchase the Note and  Warrant,  including  all
information the Company and its Subsidiaries  believe is reasonably necessary to
make such investment decision.  Neither this Agreement,  the Related Agreements,
the exhibits and schedules  hereto and thereto nor any other document  delivered
by the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries  to  Purchaser  or its  attorneys  or
agents in connection herewith or therewith or with the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby,  contain any untrue  statement of a material fact nor omit to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained herein
or  therein,  in  light  of the  circumstances  in  which  they  are  made,  not
misleading.  Any  financial  projections  and other  estimates  provided  to the
Purchaser by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries  were based on the Company's
and its Subsidiaries'  experience in the industry and on assumptions of fact and
opinion as to future events which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, at the
date  of  the  issuance  of  such  projections  or  estimates,  believed  to  be
reasonable.

      4.20  Insurance.  Each of the  Company  and each of its  Subsidiaries  has
general commercial, product liability, fire and casualty insurance policies with
coverages  which the Company  believes are  customary  for  companies  similarly
situated to the Company and its  Subsidiaries  in the same or similar  business.

      4.21 SEC Reports.  Except as set forth on Schedule  4.21,  the Company has
filed all proxy statements,  reports and other documents required to be filed by
it under the Securities  Exchange Act 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). The
Company has furnished the  Purchaser  with copies of: (i) its Annual  Reports on
Form 10-KSB for its fiscal years ended  December 31, 2003 and 2002; and (ii) its
Quarterly  Reports on Form 10-QSB for its fiscal quarters ended in 2004, and the
Form  8-K  filings  which  it has  made  during  the  fiscal  year  2004 to date
(collectively,  the "SEC  Reports").  Except as set forth on Schedule 4.21, each
SEC Report was, at the time of its filing,  in substantial  compliance  with the
requirements  of its  respective  form  and  none  of the SEC  Reports,  nor the
financial  statements (and the notes thereto) included in the SEC Reports, as of
their respective filing dates, contained any untrue statement of a material fact
or omitted to state a material fact  required to be stated  therein or necessary
to make the statements  therein,  in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading.

                                       11
<PAGE>

      4.22  No  Integrated  Offering.  Neither  the  Company,  nor  any  of  its
Subsidiaries  or affiliates,  nor any person acting on its or their behalf,  has
directly or indirectly made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any
offers to buy any security under  circumstances that would cause the offering of
the Securities pursuant to this Agreement or any of the Related Agreements to be
integrated  with prior  offerings by the Company for purposes of the  Securities
Act which would prevent the Company from selling the Securities pursuant to Rule
506 under the  Securities  Act, or any applicable  exchange-related  stockholder
approval  provisions,  nor  will  the  Company  or  any  of  its  affiliates  or
Subsidiaries  take any  action or steps  that would  cause the  offering  of the
Securities to be integrated with other offerings.

      4.23 Stop Transfer.  The  Securities  are restricted  securities as of the
date of this  Agreement.  Neither the Company nor any of its  Subsidiaries  will
issue any stop transfer  order or other order  impeding the sale and delivery of
any of the  Securities  at  such  time as a  registration  statement  under  the
Securities  Act  registering  the  Securities is effective or an exemption  from
registration  is available,  except as required by state and federal  securities
laws.

      4.24 Dilution.  The Company specifically  acknowledges that its obligation
to issue the shares of Common Stock upon  conversion of the Note and exercise of
the  Warrant is binding  upon the  Company  and  enforceable  regardless  of the
dilution such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other shareholders
of the Company.

      4.25  Patriot Act. The Company  certifies  that,  to the best of Company's
knowledge,  neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been designated,
and is not  owned or  controlled,  by a  "suspected  terrorist"  as  defined  in
Executive Order 13224. The Company hereby  acknowledges that the Purchaser seeks
to comply with all  applicable  laws  concerning  money  laundering  and related
activities.  In  furtherance of those  efforts,  the Company hereby  represents,
warrants and agrees that:  (i) none of the cash or property  that the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries will pay or will contribute to the Purchaser has been or
shall be derived from, or related to, any activity that is deemed criminal under
United States law; and (ii) no  contribution or payment by the Company or any of
its  Subsidiaries  to the  Purchaser,  to the  extent  that they are  within the
Company's  and/or its  Subsidiaries'  control shall cause the Purchaser to be in
violation of the United States Bank Secrecy Act, the United States International
Money Laundering  Control Act of 1986 or the United States  International  Money
Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of 2001. The Company shall
promptly notify the Purchaser if any of these representations  ceases to be true
and  accurate  regarding  the  Company or any of its  Subsidiaries.  The Company
agrees to provide the Purchaser any additional information regarding the Company
or any of its  Subsidiaries  that the Purchaser deems necessary or convenient to
ensure  compliance  with all applicable  laws  concerning  money  laundering and
similar activities. The Company understands and agrees that if at any time it is
discovered  that  any of the  foregoing  representations  are  incorrect,  or if
otherwise  required by applicable law or regulation  related to money laundering
similar  activities,  the Purchaser may undertake  appropriate actions to ensure
compliance  with  applicable  law or  regulation,  including  but not limited to
segregation and/or redemption of the Purchaser's  investment in the Company. The
Company  further  understands  that  the  Purchaser  may  release   confidential
information  about the Company and its  Subsidiaries  and,  if  applicable,  any
underlying  beneficial  owners, to proper  authorities if the Purchaser,  in its
sole discretion, determines that it is in the best interests of the Purchaser in
light of relevant rules and  regulations  under the laws set forth in subsection
(ii) above.

                                       12
<PAGE>

      5.  Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser.  The Purchaser hereby
represents  and  warrants  to the  Company,  Tube Music and  Pyramid  Records as
follows  (such  representations  and  warranties  do not lessen or  obviate  the
representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement):

      5.1 No Shorting.  The Purchaser or any of its  affiliates  and  investment
partners has not, will not and will not cause any person or entity,  directly or
indirectly,  to engage in "short sales" of the Company's Common Stock as long as
the Note shall be outstanding.

      5.2  Organization;  Requisite  Power and  Authority.  The  Purchaser  is a
limited liability company, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under  the laws of its  jurisdiction  of  organization.  The  Purchaser  has all
necessary power and authority under all applicable  provisions of law to execute
and deliver this  Agreement  and the Related  Agreements  and to carry out their
provisions.  All corporate  action on  Purchaser's  part required for the lawful
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Related Agreements have been or
will be  effectively  taken  prior to the  Closing.  Upon  their  execution  and
delivery,  this Agreement and the Related  Agreements  will be valid and binding
obligations of Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except:

      (a) as  limited  by  applicable  bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,
moratorium  or  other  laws of  general  application  affecting  enforcement  of
creditors' rights; and

      (b)  as  limited  by  general  principles  of  equity  that  restrict  the
availability of equitable and legal remedies.

      5.3 Investment Representations.  Purchaser understands that the Securities
are being offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from registration  contained
in the Securities Act based in part upon Purchaser's  representations  contained
in this  Agreement,  including,  without  limitation,  that the  Purchaser is an
"accredited  investor"  within the meaning of Regulation D under the  Securities
Act. The  Purchaser  confirms that it has received or has had full access to all
the  information,   including  the  SEC  Reports,   it  considers  necessary  or
appropriate to make an informed investment decision with respect to the Note and
the Warrant to be purchased by it under this  Agreement  and the Note Shares and
the  Warrant  Shares  acquired  by it upon  the  conversion  of the Note and the
exercise of the Warrant,  respectively.  The Purchaser  further confirms that it
has had an  opportunity  to ask questions  and receive  answers from the Company
regarding the Company's and its Subsidiaries' business, management and financial
affairs and the terms and  conditions  of the offering of the Note,  the Warrant
and the  Securities  and to obtain  additional  information  (to the  extent the
Company  possessed  such  information  or could acquire it without  unreasonable
effort  or  expense)  necessary  to  verify  any  information  furnished  to the
Purchaser or to which the Purchaser had access.

                                       13
<PAGE>

      5.4  Purchaser   Bears  Economic  Risk.  The  Purchaser  has   substantial
experience in  evaluating  and investing in private  placement  transactions  of
securities  in  companies  similar  to the  Company  so  that it is  capable  of
evaluating  the merits and risks of its  investment  in the  Company and has the
capacity to protect its own interests. The Purchaser must bear the economic risk
of this  investment  until the Securities are sold pursuant to: (i) an effective
registration  statement  under the  Securities  Act; or (ii) an  exemption  from
registration is available with respect to such sale.

      5.5 Acquisition  for Own Account.  The Purchaser is acquiring the Note and
Warrant  and the Note  Shares and the  Warrant  Shares for the  Purchaser's  own
account for  investment  only, and not as a nominee or agent and not with a view
towards or for resale in connection with their distribution. Notwithstanding the
foregoing,  the  Purchaser  shall have the right to  distribute or assign all or
part of the principal  amount of the Note, the Warrant,  the Note Shares and the
Warrant Shares to a lineal descendant(s) of Edward D. and Anna Mitchell,  or any
person or entity  controlled  by any such lineal  descendant(s),  provided  such
distributee  or  assignee  is an  accredited  investor  within  the  meaning  of
Regulation D under the Securities Act.

      5.6 Purchaser Can Protect Its Interest.  The Purchaser  represents that by
reason of its, or of its management's,  business and financial  experience,  the
Purchaser has the capacity to evaluate the merits and risks of its investment in
the Note,  the Warrant and the  Securities  and to protect its own  interests in
connection with the transactions  contemplated in this Agreement and the Related
Agreements.  Further,  Purchaser is aware of no publication of any advertisement
in connection with the transactions contemplated in the Agreement or the Related
Agreements.

      5.7 Accredited Investor. The Purchaser represents that it is an accredited
investor within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

      5.8 Legends.

      (a) The Note shall bear substantially the following legend:

      "THIS NOTE AND THE COMMON  SHARES  ISSUABLE  UPON  CONVERSION OF THIS NOTE
      HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,  OR
      ANY  APPLICABLE  STATE  SECURITIES  LAWS.  EXCEPT AS  CONTEMPLATED  BY THE
      SECURITIES  PURCHASE  AGREEMENT AMONG AGU ENTERTAINMENT  CORP., ITS DIRECT
      AND INDIRECT  SUBSIDIARIES AND THE ORIGINAL HOLDER OF THIS NOTE, THIS NOTE
      AND THE COMMON  SHARES  ISSUABLE  UPON  CONVERSION OF THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE
      SOLD,  OFFERED  FOR SALE,  PLEDGED OR  HYPOTHECATED  IN THE  ABSENCE OF AN
      EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AS TO THIS NOTE OR SUCH UNDERLYING SHARES
      OF COMMON STOCK UNDER SAID ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR
      AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY  SATISFACTORY TO AGU ENTERTAINMENT  CORP.
      THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED."

                                       14
<PAGE>

      (b) The Note Shares and the Warrant  Shares,  if not issued by DWAC system
(as hereinafter  defined),  shall bear a legend which shall be in  substantially
the  following  form until such shares are covered by an effective  registration
statement filed with the SEC:

      "THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
      THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
      LAWS.  EXCEPT AS CONTEMPLATED BY THE SECURITIES  PURCHASE  AGREEMENT AMONG
      AGU  ENTERTAINMENT  CORP.,  ITS DIRECT AND INDIRECT  SUBSIDIARIES  AND THE
      ORIGINAL HOLDER OF THIS WARRANT, THESE SHARES MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR
      SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION
      STATEMENT  UNDER  SUCH  SECURITIES  ACT AND  APPLICABLE  STATE  LAWS OR AN
      OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO AGU ENTERTAINMENT CORP. THAT
      SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED."

      (c) The Warrant shall bear substantially the following legend:

      "THIS  WARRANT AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK  ISSUABLE  UPON  EXERCISE OF
      THIS WARRANT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
      AMENDED,  OR ANY STATE  SECURITIES  LAWS.  EXCEPT AS  CONTEMPLATED  BY THE
      SECURITIES  PURCHASE  AGREEMENT AMONG AGU ENTERTAINMENT  CORP., ITS DIRECT
      AND INDIRECT  SUBSIDIARIES  AND THE ORIGINAL HOLDER OF THIS WARRANT,  THIS
      WARRANT AND THE COMMON STOCK  ISSUABLE  UPON  EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT MAY
      NOT BE SOLD,  OFFERED FOR SALE,  PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF
      AN EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT AS TO THIS WARRANT OR THE UNDERLYING
      SHARES OF COMMON STOCK UNDER SAID ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE  STATE SECURITIES
      LAWS OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO AGU ENTERTAINMENT
      CORP. THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED."

                                       15
<PAGE>

            5.9 Transfer or Resale.  The  Purchaser  understands  that except as
provided  in this  Agreement  and the  Registration  Rights  Agreement:  (i) the
Securities have not been and are not being registered under the Act or any state
securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold,  assigned or transferred
unless (A)  subsequently  registered  thereunder,  or (B)  Purchaser  shall have
delivered to the Company an opinion of counsel, in a generally  acceptable form,
to the effect that such  securities to be sold,  assigned or transferred  may be
sold,  assigned or transferred  pursuant to an exemption from such  registration
requirements;  and (ii) any sale of such securities made in reliance on Rule 144
under the Securities Act (or a successor rule thereto)  ("Rule 144") may be made
only in  accordance  with the terms of Rule 144 and further,  if Rule 144 is not
applicable,  any  resale of such  securities  under  circumstances  in which the
seller  (or the  person  through  whom the sale is made)  may be deemed to be an
underwriter  (as  that  term is  defined  in the  Securities  Act)  may  require
compliance  with the some other  exemption under the Securities Act or the rules
and regulations of the SEC thereunder.

            5.10 No  Governmental  Review.  The  Purchaser  understands  that no
United States  federal or state agency or any other  government or  governmental
agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities
or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor have such
authorities  passed  upon  or  endorsed  the  merits  of  the  offering  of  the
Securities.

      6.  Covenants  of the Company and its  Subsidiaries.  Each of the Company,
Tube Music and  Pyramid  Records  covenants  and agrees  with the  Purchaser  as
follows:

            6.1  Stop-Orders.  The Company will advise the  Purchaser,  promptly
after it receives  notice of issuance by the Securities and Exchange  Commission
(the "SEC"), any state securities  commission or any other regulatory  authority
of any stop order or of any order  preventing or suspending  any offering of any
securities  of the Company,  or of the  suspension of the  qualification  of the
Common  Stock of the Company for  offering or sale in any  jurisdiction,  or the
initiation of any proceeding for any such purpose.

            6.2  Listing.  The Company  shall use its best efforts to secure the
listing of the shares of Common Stock  issuable upon  conversion of the Note and
upon the exercise of the Warrant on the NASD OTC Bulletin Board (the  "Principal
Market") and shall  maintain  such listing so long as any other shares of Common
Stock shall be so listed.  The Company  will  maintain the listing of its Common
Stock on the Principal Market, and will comply in all material respects with the
Company's  reporting,  filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of
the National  Association of Securities Dealers ("NASD") and such exchanges,  as
applicable.

            6.3 Market  Regulations.  The Company shall notify the SEC, NASD and
applicable  state  authorities,  in accordance with their  requirements,  of the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement, and shall take all other necessary
action and  proceedings as may be required and permitted by applicable law, rule
and  regulation,  for the legal  and valid  issuance  of the  Securities  to the
Purchaser and promptly  provide copies  thereof to the Purchaser.

            6.4  Reporting  Requirements.  The Company will timely file with the
SEC all reports  required to be filed  pursuant to the  Exchange Act and refrain
from  terminating  its status as an issuer  required by the Exchange Act to file
reports  thereunder  even  if  the  Exchange  Act or the  rules  or  regulations
thereunder would permit such termination.

                                       16
<PAGE>

            6.5 Use of Funds.  The Company  agrees that it will use the proceeds
of the  sale of the  Note  and the  Warrant  only  for  the  acquisition  of the
Lauderdale  Lakes Property and general working capital  purposes.

            6.6 Access to Facilities  and  Information.  Each of the Company and
each of its  Subsidiaries  will  permit any  representatives  designated  by the
Purchaser (or any successor of the Purchaser), upon reasonable notice and during
normal  business   hours,  at  such  person's   expense  and  accompanied  by  a
representative of the Company, to:

            (a) visit and inspect any of the properties of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries;

            (b) examine the corporate  and  financial  records of the Company or
any of its  Subsidiaries  (unless such  examination is not permitted by federal,
state  or  local  law or by  contract)  and  make  copies  thereof  or  extracts
therefrom; and

            (c) discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries with the directors,  officers and independent accountants of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

The Company shall  provide the Purchaser  with copies of all financial and other
information  affecting the Company and its  Subsidiaries  made  available to the
Company's  board  of  directors.  Such  information  shall  be  provided  to the
Purchaser on a monthly basis.

            6.7 Taxes.  Each of the  Company and each of its  Subsidiaries  will
promptly pay and  discharge,  or cause to be paid and  discharged,  when due and
payable,  all  lawful  taxes,  assessments  and  governmental  charges or levies
imposed  upon the income,  profits,  property or business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries;  provided, however, that any such tax, assessment,  charge or levy
need not be paid if the validity  thereof  shall  currently be contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings and if the Company and/or such Subsidiary shall
have set  aside  on its  books  adequate  reserves  with  respect  thereto,  and
provided,  further,  that the  Company  and its  Subsidiaries  will pay all such
taxes,  assessments,  charges  or  levies  forthwith  upon the  commencement  of
proceedings to foreclose any lien which may have attached as security therefor.

            6.8 Insurance.  Each of the Company and its  Subsidiaries  will keep
its assets which are of an insurable  character insured by financially sound and
reputable  insurers  against loss or damage by fire,  explosion  and other risks
customarily  insured against by companies in similar business similarly situated
as the Company and its  Subsidiaries;  and the Company and its Subsidiaries will
maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurers, insurance against other
hazards and risks and liability to persons and property to the extent and in the
manner  which the Company  reasonably  believes is  customary  for  companies in
similar business  similarly  situated as the Company and its Subsidiaries and to
the extent available on commercially  reasonable terms. The Company, and each of
its Subsidiaries  will jointly and severally bear the full risk of loss from any
loss  of any  nature  whatsoever  with  respect  to the  assets  pledged  to the
Purchaser  as  security  for its  obligations  hereunder  and under the  Related

                                       17
<PAGE>

Agreements.  At the  Company's and each of its  Subsidiaries'  joint and several
cost  and  expense  in  amounts  and  with  carriers  reasonably  acceptable  to
Purchaser,  the  Company  and each of its  Subsidiaries  shall  (i) keep all its
insurable  properties and properties in which it has an interest insured against
the hazards of fire, flood, sprinkler leakage, those hazards covered by extended
coverage insurance and such other hazards, and for such amounts, as is customary
in the case of companies  engaged in businesses  similar to the Company's or the
respective Subsidiary's including business interruption insurance; (ii) maintain
a bond in such  amounts  as is  customary  in the case of  companies  engaged in
businesses  similar to the  Company's or the  respective  Subsidiary's  insuring
against larceny,  embezzlement or other criminal  misappropriation  of insured's
officers and  employees who may either singly or jointly with others at any time
have  access to the assets or funds of the  Company  or any of its  Subsidiaries
either directly or through governmental  authority to draw upon such funds or to
direct  generally the  disposition  of such assets;  (iii)  maintain  public and
product  liability  insurance  against  claims  for  personal  injury,  death or
property damage suffered by others; (iv) maintain all such worker's compensation
or  similar  insurance  as may be  required  under  the  laws  of any  state  or
jurisdiction  in which the Company or the  respective  Subsidiary  is engaged in
business; and (v) furnish Purchaser with (x) copies of all policies and evidence
of the  maintenance  of such  policies  at least  thirty  (30) days  before  any
expiration  date,  (y)  excepting the Company's  workers'  compensation  policy,
endorsements  to such policies  naming  Purchaser as "co-insured" or "additional
insured"  and  appropriate  loss  payable  endorsements  in form  and  substance
satisfactory to Purchaser, naming Purchaser as loss payee, and (z) evidence that
as to Purchaser the insurance  coverage  shall not be impaired or invalidated by
any act or neglect of the Company or any Subsidiary and the insurer will provide
Purchaser  with at least  thirty (30) days  notice  prior to  cancellation.  The
Company and each  Subsidiary  shall instruct the insurance  carriers that in the
event of any loss  thereunder,  the carriers shall make payment for such loss to
the Company and/or the Subsidiary and Purchaser jointly. In the event that as of
the date of receipt of each loss recovery upon any such insurance, the Purchaser
has not declared an event of default  with  respect to this  Agreement or any of
the  Related  Agreements,  then the  Company  and/or  such  Subsidiary  shall be
permitted  to direct  the  application  of such loss  recovery  proceeds  toward
investment in property,  plant and equipment  that would  comprise  "Collateral"
secured by Purchaser's  security  interest  pursuant to its security  agreement,
with any surplus funds to be applied  toward  payment of the  obligations of the
Company to Purchaser. In the event that Purchaser has properly declared an event
of default with respect to this Agreement or any of the Related Agreements, then
all loss recoveries received by Purchaser upon any such insurance thereafter may
be applied to the  obligations  of the Company  hereunder  and under the Related
Agreements, in such order as the Purchaser may determine. Any surplus (following
satisfaction of all Company obligations to Purchaser) shall be paid by Purchaser
to the Company or applied as may be otherwise  required by law.  Any  deficiency
thereon  shall be paid by the  Company  or the  Subsidiary,  as  applicable,  to
Purchaser, on demand.

            6.9  Intellectual  Property.  Each of the  Company  and  each of its
Subsidiaries  shall maintain in full force and effect its existence,  rights and
franchises and all licenses and other rights to use Intellectual  Property owned
or possessed by it and  reasonably  deemed to be necessary to the conduct of its
business.

            6.10  Properties.  Each of the Company and each of its  Subsidiaries
will keep its properties in good repair, working order and condition, reasonable
wear and tear  excepted,  and from  time to time  make all  needful  and  proper
repairs, renewals, replacements, additions and improvements thereto; and each of
the  Company  and each of its  Subsidiaries  will at all times  comply with each
provision  of all  leases  to which it is a party  or  under  which it  occupies
property if the breach of such provision  could,  either  individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                                       18
<PAGE>

            6.11  Confidentiality.  The  Company and its  Subsidiaries  will not
disclose,  and will not  include  in any  public  announcement,  the name of the
Purchaser,  unless expressly agreed to by the Purchaser or unless and until such
disclosure  is required by law or  applicable  regulation,  and then only to the
extent of such  requirement.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the  Company may
disclose Purchaser's identity and the terms of this Agreement to its current and
prospective debt and equity financing  sources and Purchaser  acknowledges  that
the  Company  will file a Form 8K  within  four  days of the  execution  of this
Agreement  disclosing  all material  terms of this Agreement and the name of the
Purchaser.  This Agreement will also be filed with the  registration  statement.

            6.12 Required  Approvals.  For so long the  principal  amount of the
Note is outstanding, the Company and its Subsidiaries, without the prior written
consent of the Purchaser, shall not:

            (a) (i) directly or indirectly  declare or pay any  dividends  other
than to the Company or a 100% owned  Subsidiary  of the Company,  (ii) issue any
preferred stock or (iii) redeem or repurchase any of its securities;

            (b) liquidate,  dissolve or effect a material reorganization (unless
the Company or the applicable Subsidiary is the surviving entity);

            (c) become  subject to  (including,  without  limitation,  by way of
amendment to or modification  of) any agreement or instrument which by its terms
would  (under  any   circumstances)   restrict  the  Company's  or  any  of  its
Subsidiaries  right to perform the  provisions  of this  Agreement,  any Related
Agreement or any of the agreements contemplated hereby or thereby;

            (d)  materially  alter or change  the scope of the  business  of the
Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole;

            (e) (i) create,  incur,  assume or suffer to exist any  indebtedness
whether  secured or unsecured  other than (x) the Company's  indebtedness to the
Purchaser,  (y)  indebtedness  set forth on Schedule 6.12(e) attached hereto and
made a part hereof and any refinancings or replacements thereof on terms no less
favorable to the Purchaser than the  indebtedness  being refinanced or replaced,
and (z) any debt  incurred  in  connection  with the  purchase  of assets in the
ordinary course of business,  or any  refinancings  or  replacements  thereof on
terms no less favorable to the Purchaser than the indebtedness  being refinanced
or  replaced;  (ii)  cancel  any debt  owing to it in excess of  $50,000  in the
aggregate  during  any 12 month  period;  (iii)  assume,  guarantee,  endorse or
otherwise  become  directly  or  contingently  liable  in  connection  with  any
obligations  of  any  other  Person,   except  the   endorsement  of  negotiable
instruments by the Company for deposit or collection or similar  transactions in
the  ordinary  course  of  business  or  guarantees  of  indebtedness  otherwise
permitted  to be  outstanding  pursuant to this  clause  (e);  and

                                      19
<PAGE>

            (f) create or acquire any  Subsidiary  after the date hereof  unless
(i) such  Subsidiary is a  wholly-owned  Subsidiary of the Company and (ii) such
Subsidiary  becomes  party to the  Security  Agreement,  (either by  executing a
counterpart  thereof or an assumption or joinder  agreement in respect  thereof)
and, to the extent  required by the Purchaser,  satisfies each condition of this
Agreement and the Related  Agreements as if such Subsidiary were a Subsidiary on
the Closing Date.

            6.13  Reissuance  of  Securities.  The  Company  agrees  to  reissue
certificates  representing  the  Securities  without  the  legends  set forth in
Section  5.8 above at such time as:

            (a) the holder  thereof is permitted  to dispose of such  Securities
pursuant to Rule 144(k) under the Securities Act; or

            (b) upon resale subject to an effective registration statement after
such Securities are registered under the Securities Act.

The Company  agrees to  cooperate  with the  Purchaser  in  connection  with all
resales pursuant to Rule 144 and provide legal opinions  necessary to allow such
resales  provided  the  Company  and its counsel  receive  reasonably  requested
representations from the selling Purchaser and broker, if any.

            6.14 Opinion.  On the Closing Date,  the Company will deliver to the
Purchaser an opinion  reasonably  acceptable to the Purchaser from the Company's
external legal counsel. The Company will provide, at the Company's expense, such
other legal  opinions in the future as are deemed  reasonably  necessary  by the
Purchaser (and  reasonably  acceptable to the Purchaser) in connection  with the
conversion  of the Note and exercise of the Warrant;  provided  that the Company
and its counsel receive reasonably requested representations from the Purchaser.

            6.15 Margin  Stock.  Neither the  Company  nor any  Subsidiary  will
permit any of the  proceeds  of the Note or the  Warrant to be used  directly or
indirectly  to  "purchase" or "carry"  "margin  stock" or to repay  indebtedness
incurred to "purchase" or "carry" "margin stock" within the respective  meanings
of each of the quoted terms under  Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System as now and from time to time hereafter in effect.

      7. Covenants of the Purchaser. The Purchaser covenants and agrees with the
Company,  Tube Music and Pyramid Records as follows:

            7.1 Confidentiality.  The Purchaser agrees that it will not disclose
or use, and will not include in any public announcement, the name of the Company
or any information  concerning the Company,  unless  expressly  agreed to by the
Company or unless and until such  disclosure  is required  by law or  applicable
regulation,  and then only to the extent of such requirement and after providing
written notice to the Company so it may seek a protective order.

                                       20
<PAGE>

            7.2 Non-Public  Information.  The Purchaser agrees not to effect any
sales in the  shares  of the  Company's  Common  Stock  while in  possession  of
material,  non-public  information  regarding  the  Company if such sales  would
violate applicable securities law.

      8. Covenants Regarding Indemnification.

            8.1 Company  Indemnification.  Each of the  Company,  Tube Music and
Pyramid  Records  jointly and  severally  agrees to  indemnify,  hold  harmless,
reimburse and defend the Purchaser,  each of the Purchaser's members,  officers,
directors,  agents,  affiliates,  control persons,  and principal  shareholders,
against  any  claim,  cost,  expense,  liability,  obligation,  loss  or  damage
(including reasonable legal fees) of any nature, incurred by or imposed upon the
Purchaser   which   results,   arises  out  of  or  is  based   upon:   (i)  any
misrepresentation  by the  Company or any of its  Subsidiaries  or breach of any
warranty by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in this Agreement,  any other
Related Agreement or in any exhibits or schedules attached hereto or thereto; or
(ii) any breach or default in performance by Company or any of its  Subsidiaries
of  any  covenant  or  undertaking  to be  performed  by  Company  or any of its
Subsidiaries hereunder, under any other Related Agreement or any other agreement
entered  into  by the  Company  and/or  any of its  Subsidiaries  and  Purchaser
relating hereto or thereto.

            8.2 Purchaser's Indemnification. Purchaser agrees to indemnify, hold
harmless,  reimburse and defend the Company,  Tube Music and Pyramid Records and
each of  their  respective  officers,  directors,  agents,  affiliates,  control
persons  and  principal  shareholders,  at all times  against  any claim,  cost,
expense, liability, obligation, loss or damage (including reasonable legal fees)
of any nature, incurred by or imposed upon any of them which results, arises out
of or is based upon:  (i) any  misrepresentation  by  Purchaser or breach of any
warranty by  Purchaser  in this  Agreement  or any Related  Agreement  or in any
exhibits or  schedules  attached  hereto or any Related  Agreement;  or (ii) any
breach or default in  performance by Purchaser of any covenant or undertaking to
be performed  by Purchaser  hereunder,  or any other  agreement  entered into by
Purchaser relating hereto.

      9. Conversion of Convertible Note.

            9.1 Mechanics of Conversion.

            (a)  Provided  the   Purchaser  has  notified  the  Company  of  the
Purchaser's  intention  to sell the Note Shares and the Note Shares are included
in an effective registration statement or are otherwise exempt from registration
when sold:  (i) upon the  conversion  of the Note or part  thereof,  the Company
shall,  at its own cost and expense,  take all necessary  action  (including the
issuance  of an  opinion  of  counsel  reasonably  acceptable  to the  Purchaser
following  a request by the  Purchaser)  to assure that the  Company's  transfer
agent  shall  issue  shares  of the  Company's  Common  Stock in the name of the
Purchaser  (or its nominee) or such other persons as designated by the Purchaser
in  accordance  with  Section  9.1(b)  hereof  and in such  denominations  to be
specified  representing the number of Note Shares issuable upon such conversion;
and (ii) except as provided in the Registration  Rights  Agreement,  the Company
warrants that no instructions other than these instructions have been or will be
given to the  transfer  agent of the  Company's  Common Stock and that after the
Effectiveness  Date (as defined in the Registration  Rights  Agreement) the Note
Shares issued will be freely  transferable  subject to the  prospectus  delivery
requirements  of the Securities Act and the  provisions of this  Agreement,  and
will not contain a legend  restricting the resale or transferability of the Note
Shares.

                                       21
<PAGE>

            (b) Purchaser will give notice of its decision to exercise its right
to convert the Note or part thereof by  telecopying  or otherwise  delivering an
executed  and  completed  notice of the number of shares to be  converted to the
Company  (the "Notice of  Conversion").  The  Purchaser  will not be required to
surrender the Note until the  Purchaser  receives a credit to the account of the
Purchaser's   prime  broker   through  the  DWAC  system  (as  defined   below),
representing  the Note Shares or until the Note has been fully  satisfied.  Each
date on which a Notice of  Conversion  is telecopied or delivered to the Company
in accordance  with the provisions  hereof shall be deemed a "Conversion  Date."
Pursuant  to the terms of the  Notice of  Conversion,  the  Company  will  issue
instructions  to the transfer agent  accompanied by an opinion of counsel within
three (3) business days of the date of the delivery to the Company of the Notice
of Conversion  and shall cause the transfer  agent to transmit the  certificates
representing the Conversion Shares to the Holder by crediting the account of the
Purchaser's  prime broker with the Depository  Trust Company ("DTC") through its
Deposit  Withdrawal Agent  Commission  ("DWAC") system within three (3) business
days after  receipt by the Company of the Notice of  Conversion  (the  "Delivery
Date").

            (c) The Company understands that a delay in the delivery of the Note
Shares in the form  required  pursuant to Section 9 hereof  beyond the  Delivery
Date  could  result in  economic  loss to the  Purchaser.  In the event that the
Company  fails to direct its  transfer  agent to deliver  the Note Shares to the
Purchaser via the DWAC system within the time frame set forth in Section  9.1(b)
above and the Note Shares are not  delivered  to the  Purchaser  by the Delivery
Date, as  compensation to the Purchaser for such loss, the Company agrees to pay
late  payments to the Purchaser for late issuance of the Note Shares in the form
required  pursuant to Section 9 hereof upon conversion of the Note in the amount
equal to the greater of: (i) $500 per business day after the Delivery  Date;  or
(ii) the Purchaser's actual damages from such delayed delivery.  Notwithstanding
the  foregoing,  the Company will not owe the Purchaser any late payments if the
delay in the delivery of the Note Shares  beyond the Delivery Date is solely out
of the control of the  Company  and the  Company is actively  trying to cure the
cause of the delay.  The  Company  shall pay any  payments  incurred  under this
Section  9(c) in  immediately  available  funds upon  demand and, in the case of
actual damages,  accompanied by reasonable  documentation  of the amount of such
damages.  Such documentation shall show the number of shares of Common Stock the
Purchaser  is forced  to  purchase  (in an open  market  transaction)  which the
Purchaser anticipated receiving upon such conversion, and shall be calculated as
the  amount  by  which  (A) the  Purchaser's  total  purchase  price  (including
customary  brokerage  commissions,  if any) for the  shares of  Common  Stock so
purchased  exceeds (B) the aggregate  principal  and/or  interest  amount of the
Note, for which such Conversion Notice was not timely honored.

Nothing  contained herein or in any document  referred to herein or delivered in
connection  herewith  shall be deemed to  establish  or require the payment of a
rate of  interest  or other  charges  in  excess  of the  maximum  permitted  by
applicable law. In the event that the rate of interest or charges required to be
paid or other charges hereunder exceed the maximum amount permitted by such law,
any payments in excess of such maximum shall be credited against amounts owed by
the Company to a Purchaser  and thus refunded to the Company.

                                       22
<PAGE>

10. Registration Rights.

            10.1  Registration   Rights  Granted.   The  Company  hereby  grants
registration rights to the Purchaser pursuant to a Registration Rights Agreement
dated as of even date  herewith  between  the Company  and the  Purchaser.

            10.2 Offering  Restrictions.  Except as previously  disclosed in the
SEC Reports or in the Exchange Act Filings, or stock or stock options granted to
employees or directors of the Company (these exceptions  hereinafter referred to
as the "Excepted  Issuances"),  neither the Company nor any of its  Subsidiaries
will  issue any  securities  with a  continuously  variable/floating  conversion
feature  which  are or could be (by  conversion  or  registration)  free-trading
securities (i.e. common stock subject to a registration  statement) prior to the
full  repayment or conversion of the Note  (together with all accrued and unpaid
interest and fees related thereto) (the "Exclusion Period").

      11. Miscellaneous.

            11.1 Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH RELATED  AGREEMENT SHALL
BE  GOVERNED  BY AND  CONSTRUED  IN  ACCORDANCE  WITH THE  LAWS OF THE  STATE OF
FLORIDA,  WITHOUT  REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS. ANY ACTION BROUGHT
BY EITHER PARTY AGAINST THE OTHER  CONCERNING THE  TRANSACTIONS  CONTEMPLATED BY
THIS  AGREEMENT  AND EACH RELATED  AGREEMENT  SHALL BE BROUGHT ONLY IN THE STATE
COURTS OF FLORIDA,  COUNTY OF BROWARD,  OR IN THE FEDERAL  COURTS LOCATED IN THE
SOUTHERN  DISTRICT  OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA.  ALL  PARTIES  AND THE  INDIVIDUALS
EXECUTING  THIS  AGREEMENT  AND THE RELATED  AGREEMENTS ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY
AGREE TO SUBMIT TO THE  JURISDICTION  OF SUCH COURTS AND WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY. IN
THE  EVENT  THAT  ANY  PROVISION  OF THIS  AGREEMENT  OR ANY  RELATED  AGREEMENT
DELIVERED  IN  CONNECTION   HEREWITH  IS  INVALID  OR  UNENFORCEABLE  UNDER  ANY
APPLICABLE  STATUTE  OR  RULE  OF LAW,  THEN  SUCH  PROVISION  SHALL  BE  DEEMED
INOPERATIVE  TO THE EXTENT THAT IT MAY  CONFLICT  THEREWITH  AND SHALL BE DEEMED
MODIFIED TO CONFORM WITH SUCH STATUTE OR RULE OF LAW. ANY SUCH  PROVISION  WHICH
MAY PROVE INVALID OR  UNENFORCEABLE  UNDER ANY LAW SHALL NOT AFFECT THE VALIDITY
OR  ENFORCEABILITY  OF ANY OTHER  PROVISION  OF THIS  AGREEMENT  OR ANY  RELATED
AGREEMENT.

            11.2  Survival.  The  representations,   warranties,  covenants  and
agreements made herein shall survive any investigation made by the Purchaser and
the  closing of the  transactions  contemplated  hereby to the  extent  provided
therein.  All statements as to factual  matters  contained in any certificate or
other  instrument  delivered by or on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries
pursuant hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall be
deemed to be representations  and warranties by the Company and its Subsidiaries
hereunder solely as of the date of such certificate or instrument.

                                       23
<PAGE>

            11.3 Successors.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the
provisions  hereof  shall  inure to the  benefit  of, and be binding  upon,  the
successors,  heirs, executors and administrators of the parties hereto and shall
inure to the benefit of and be  enforceable by each person who shall be a holder
of the  Securities  from time to time,  other than the  holders of Common  Stock
which  has been  sold by the  Purchaser  pursuant  to Rule  144 or an  effective
registration statement.

            11.4  Entire  Agreement.  This  Agreement  (including  the  recitals
hereto),  the Related Agreements,  the exhibits and schedules hereto and thereto
and the other documents delivered pursuant hereto constitute the full and entire
understanding  and  agreement  between the parties  with regard to the  subjects
hereof  and no party  shall be liable or bound to any other in any manner by any
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements except as specifically set
forth herein and therein.

            11.5  Severability.  In case any provision of the Agreement shall be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable,  the validity, legality and enforceability of
the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

            11.6 Amendment and Waiver.

            (a) This  Agreement may be amended or modified only upon the written
consent of all parties hereto.

            (b) The  obligations  of the  Company and its  Subsidiaries  and the
rights of the Purchaser under this Agreement may be waived only with the written
consent of the Purchaser.

            (c) The  obligations  of the Purchaser and the rights of the Company
and its  Subsidiaries  under this  Agreement may be waived only with the written
consent of the Company.

            11.7 Delays or Omissions.  It is agreed that no delay or omission to
exercise  any right,  power or remedy  accruing  to any party,  upon any breach,
default or  noncompliance  by another party under this  Agreement or the Related
Agreements,  shall  impair  any such  right,  power or  remedy,  nor shall it be
construed to be a waiver of any such breach,  default or  noncompliance,  or any
acquiescence  therein, or of or in any similar breach,  default or noncompliance
thereafter occurring. All remedies, either under this Agreement, the Note or the
Related  Agreements,  by law  or  otherwise  afforded  to any  party,  shall  be
cumulative and not alternative.

            11.8 Notices.  All notices required or permitted  hereunder shall be
in writing and shall be deemed effectively given:

            (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified;

                                       24
<PAGE>

            (b) when sent by confirmed  facsimile if sent during normal business
hours of the recipient, if not, then on the next business day;

            (c) three (3) business  days after having been sent by registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid; or

            (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight
courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt.

All communications shall be sent as follows:

         If to the Company, to              AGU Entertainment Corp.
         and any Subsidiary:                3200 West Oakland Park Boulevard
                                            Lauderdale Lakes, Florida 33311
                                            Attention:  Chief Financial Officer
                                            Facsimile: (954) 714-8500

                                            with a copy to:

                                            Bruce C. Rosetto, Esq.
                                            Blank Rome LLP
                                            1200 North Federal Highway
                                            Suite 417
                                            Boca Raton, Florida  33432
                                            Facsimile:  (561)417-8186

         If to the Purchaser, to:           Mitchell Entertainment Company
                                            7220 NW 36th Street, Suite 100
                                            Miami, Florida  33166
                                            Attention: Jonathan E. Mitchell
                                            Facsimile: (305) 591-9657

         with a copy to:

                                            Mitchell Entertainment Company
                                            11601 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 2400
                                            Los Angeles, California 90025
                                            Attention: Jonathan E. Mitchell
                                            Facsimile: (310) 473-0076

                                            Robert S. Barry, Jr., Esq.
                                            Loeb & Loeb LLP
                                            10100 Santa Monica Boulevard
                                            Suite 2200
                                            Los Angeles, California  90067
                                            Facsimile:  (310) 282-2200

or at such  other  address as the  Company or the  Purchaser  may  designate  by
written  notice to the other parties hereto given in accordance  herewith.

                                       25
<PAGE>

            11.9  Attorneys'  Fees.  In the  event  that any suit or  action  is
instituted to enforce any provision in this Agreement,  the prevailing  party in
such dispute shall be entitled to recover from the losing party all fees,  costs
and  expenses  of  enforcing  any right of such  prevailing  party under or with
respect to this Agreement,  including,  without limitation, such reasonable fees
and  expenses  of  attorneys  and  accountants,  which  shall  include,  without
limitation, all fees, costs and expenses of appeals.

            11.10  Titles  and  Subtitles.   The  titles  of  the  sections  and
subsections of this Agreement are for  convenience of reference only and are not
to be considered in  construing  this  Agreement.

            11.11  Facsimile  Signatures;  Counterparts.  This  Agreement may be
executed by  facsimile  signatures  and in any number of  counterparts,  each of
which shall be an  original,  but all of which  together  shall  constitute  one
instrument.

            11.12 Broker's Fees. Each party hereto  represents and warrants that
except as contemplated by this Agreement no agent,  broker,  investment  banker,
person or firm acting on behalf of or under the  authority  of such party hereto
is or will be entitled to any broker's or finder's  fee or any other  commission
directly or indirectly in connection with the transactions  contemplated herein.
Each party hereto  further  agrees to indemnify each other party for any claims,
losses  or   expenses   incurred  by  such  other  party  as  a  result  of  the
representation in this Section 11.12 being untrue.

            11.13  Construction.  Each party acknowledges that its legal counsel
participated  in the  preparation of this  Agreement and the Related  Agreements
and, therefore, stipulates that the rule of construction that ambiguities are to
be  resolved   against  the   drafting   party  shall  not  be  applied  in  the
interpretation of this Agreement to favor any party against the other.

            [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]


                                       26
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have executed the  SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT as of the date set forth in the first paragraph hereof.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES:                                    PURCHASER:

<S>                                                          <C>
AGU Entertainment Corp., a Delaware corporation              Mitchell Entertainment Company, a Delaware limited
                                                             liability company


By:      /s/ David C. Levy                                   By:      /s/ Jonathan E. Mitchell
         --------------------------------------------                 ------------------------
Name:    David C. Levy                                       Name:    Jonathan E. Mitchell
Title:   President and Secretary                             Title:   Manager

The Tube Music Network, Inc., a Florida corporation

By:      /s/ David C. Levy
         -------------------------------------------
Name:    David C. Levy
Title:   President and Secretary

Pyramid Records International, Inc., a Florida corporation

By:      /s/ David C. Levy
         -------------------------------------------
Name:    David C. Levy
Title:   President and Secretary
</TABLE>


                                       27

