
                                  EXHIBIT 10.5




- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

THIS  INSTRUMENT  PREPARED  BY/RECORD AND RETURN TO:  Conrad J. Boyle,  Esquire,
Mombach,  Boyle & Hardin,  P.A., 500 East Broward  Boulevard,  Suite 1950,  Fort
Lauderdale, Florida 33394.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                             SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT

      THIS  SUBORDINATION  AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of the 20th day
of December,  2004, by and among Charley  Zeches,  in her capacity as Trustee of
LAKES HOLDING TRUST under agreement dated July 27, 2001 (hereinafter referred to
as  "Senior  Lender"),   Mitchell  Entertainment  Company,  a  Delaware  limited
liability company (hereinafter referred to as "Junior Lender") and is agreed to,
accepted and  acknowledged by AGU  Entertainment  Corp., a Delaware  corporation
(hereinafter referred to as "Mortgagor").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

      WHEREAS,  Senior  Lender is the owner and holder of that certain  Mortgage
Deed and Security Agreement securing indebtedness in the amount of Seven Million
and 00/100  Dollars  ($7,000,000.00)  executed by  Mortgagor  in favor of Senior
Lender, dated and recorded in the Public Records of Broward County,  Florida, in
Official Records Book , Page (the "Senior  Mortgage")  encumbering  certain real
property  and  improvements,  the  legal  description  of which is set  forth on
Exhibit "A" hereto (the "Property" or "Mortgaged Property"),  which secures that
certain Promissory Note dated December 20, 2004 in the principal amount of Seven
Million and 00/100  Dollars  ($7,000,000.00)  executed by  Mortgagor in favor of
Senior Lender, and other obligations of Mortgagor to Senior Lender (collectively
the "Senior  Obligations");  as affected by Notice  Restricting  Future Advances
("Restriction Notice") and

      WHEREAS,  Junior  Lender is the owner and holder of that certain  Mortgage
executed by  Mortgagor  in favor of Junior  Lender  dated  December 20, 2004 and
recorded in Official  Records Book__ , Page ___ of the Public Records of Broward
County, Florida (the "Junior Mortgage") encumbering the Property,  which secures
that certain  Promissory Note dated December 20, 2004 in the principal amount of
Three Million and 00/100 Dollars ($3,000,000.00) (the "Junior Note") executed by
Mortgagor in favor of Junior Lender and other obligations of Mortgagor to Junior
Lender (the "Junior Obligations"); and

<PAGE>

      WHEREAS,  Senior  Lender  and  Junior  Lender  desire to set  forth  their
Agreement with regard to the subordination of the Junior Mortgage and the Junior
Obligations as more specifically set forth herein.

      NOW THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the sum of Ten ($10.00)  Dollars and
other good and valuable  consideration,  from one to the other paid, the receipt
and sufficiency whereof is hereby  acknowledged,  the parties do hereby agree as
follows:

      1.  RECITALS:  The  Recitals set forth are true and correct and are made a
part hereof.

      2.  SUBORDINATION:  The  lien  of  the  Junior  Mortgage  and  the  Junior
Obligations  are now and shall forever  hereafter be subordinate and inferior to
the lien of the Senior Mortgage and the Senior  Obligations,  including  without
limitation,  any and all  sums at any  time  due  and  owing  under  any and all
promissory notes secured by the Senior Mortgage,  any principal and any interest
thereon,  any  other  amount  or  amounts  that  may be  added  to the  mortgage
indebtedness under the terms of this instrument for protective advances, and any
interest thereon, and all costs, payments advanced, taxes and expenses hereafter
advanced to insure the Property,  to prevent  waste,  to protect the  collateral
thereunder or collect said debt,  and all other  expenses,  costs and attorneys'
fees incurred by Senior Lender in connection with the Senior Mortgage and/or the
Senior Obligations, subject nevertheless to the Restriction Notice. Further, the
terms of the Junior Mortgage and the Junior Note, and all rights and remedies of
Junior Lender available  thereunder,  including but not limited to, the right to
claim or receive any insurance or  condemnation  awards or proceeds,  are hereby
expressly  subordinated  to  the  terms  of  the  Senior  Mortgage,  the  Senior
Obligations  and the  rights  and  remedies  of Senior  Lender  under the Senior
Mortgage.  Junior Lender and Mortgagor acknowledge and agree that no payments of
interest or principal  shall be made or accepted under the Junior Note following
the occurrence of a default under the Senior  Mortgage until the Senior Mortgage
has been repaid in full.

      3. COSTS AND ENFORCEMENT: Should suit be brought to enforce the provisions
of this  Agreement,  the  prevailing  party  shall be  entitled  to recover  its
attorneys fees incurred both at trial and on appeal.

      4.  NOTICES/RIGHT TO CURE: Junior Lender will send to Senior Lender a copy
of any notice of default under the Junior  Mortgage.  Whenever a default  notice
has been provided  pursuant to this provision and referenced in this  Agreement,
the same shall be referred to as the  "Default  Notice".  Senor Lender will give
Junior Lender notice of any default,  and shall accept cure by Junior Lender. If
Junior Lender pays Senior  Lender in full,  Senior Lender will assign the Senior
Obligations to Junior Lender.

      5. FORECLOSURE:  In the event of a foreclosure action instituted by Senior
Lender,  Junior  Lender shall not impose any cross claims  against  Mortgagor in
such action and any such claims shall be brought in a separate  action by Junior
Lender,  and Junior  Lender shall further agree to waive any and all defenses to
foreclosure  instituted  by Senior  Lender under the Senior  Mortgage,  but this
shall not be construed to waive any provision of this  Agreement or the right to
receive any overage in net proceeds in the event of a foreclosure sale.

                                       2
<PAGE>

      6. INSURANCE,  CONDEMNATION:  In the event of partial or total destruction
of the Mortgaged Property which results in the payment of insurance proceeds, or
in the event of a  condemnation  or  similar  proceeding  which  results  in the
payment of an award,  the proceeds or award shall be applied in accordance  with
the relevant provisions of the Senior Mortgage. Junior Lender shall share in the
excess proceeds, if any, in accordance with the terms of the Junior Mortgage.

      7. SUPERIOR  LIENS:  Junior  Lender  agrees that it shall not acquire,  by
subordination,  subrogation  or  otherwise,  any  lien,  estate,  right or other
interest in the  Mortgaged  Property  that is, or may be,  prior in right to the
lien of the Senior  Mortgage.  In the event that Junior Lender cures any default
of  Mortgagor  under the Senior  Mortgage  or under the Junior  Mortgage  by the
payment of money,  including,  for  example,  but not limited to, the payment of
taxes or insurance  premiums,  Junior  Lender  agrees that such payment shall be
deemed to be additional  indebtedness of the Mortgagor to be secured by the lien
of the Junior  Mortgage,  which shall be  subordinate  to the lien of the Senior
Mortgage and such amounts  shall not create a lien on parity with or superior to
the Senior  Mortgage and shall not give Junior  Lender the right of  subrogation
with respect to such amounts.

      8.  BANKRUPTCY OF  MORTGAGOR:  Junior Lender hereby agrees that so long as
any sum evidenced or secured by the Senior Mortgage remains outstanding:

            (a) Junior Lender shall not,  without the prior  written  consent of
      Senior Lender,  in Senior Lender's sole  discretion,  commence,  cause the
      Mortgagor to commence,  consent to Mortgagor commencing,  or join with any
      other  creditor in  commencing,  any  proceeding  under the United  States
      Bankruptcy  Code  or any  similar  federal  or  state  law (a  "Bankruptcy
      Proceeding")  or any  proceeding  under any  federal  or state  fraudulent
      conveyance law,  whether  statutory or any common law, with respect to the
      Mortgagor  or any  portion  of  the  real  and  personal  property  which,
      together, comprises the collateral for the Senior Obligations (the "Senior
      Obligations  Collateral"),  or any other property of Mortgagor,  including
      any property which is collateral for the Junior Obligations.

            (b) In addition to any other  rights  given to Junior  Lender  under
      applicable  laws  (but  subject  to the  limitations  set  forth  in  this
      paragraph  8, it is agreed that Junior  Lender shall have the right (i) to
      file a proof of claim  with  respect to the  Junior  Obligations,  (ii) to
      deliver to Senior  Lender a copy  thereof,  together  with evidence of the
      filing with the appropriate court or other authority,  and (iii) to defend
      any objection filed to said proof of claim.

            (c) Junior Lender agrees that it will not oppose:  (i) any motion by
      the Senior Lender for relief from the  automatic  stay in order for Senior
      Lender to exercise its rights under the Senior  Mortgage,  (ii) any motion
      by the Senior  Lender  for  adequate  protection,  (iii) any motion by the
      Senior Lender to dismiss the Bankruptcy Proceeding, (iv) any motion by the
      Senior  Lender to  appoint a  bankruptcy  trustee or  examiner  or (v) any
      motion by the Senior  Lender to convert the  Bankruptcy  Proceeding to any
      other Chapter of the Bankruptcy Code.

                                       3
<PAGE>

      9.  REPRESENTATIONS,  WARRANTIES  AND COVENANTS OF SENIOR  LENDER:  Senior
Lender represents and warrants to Junior Lender that:

      a.    Senior  Lender is the sole owner and  holder of the Senior  Note and
            the Senior Mortgage.

      b.    To the best of it s knowledge,  as of the date  hereof,  there is no
            default  or event  which by  notice  or the  passage  of time  would
            constitute  an event of  default  under the Senior  Note  and/or the
            Senior Mortgage.

      10.  REPRESENTATIONS,  WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF JUNIOR  LENDER:  Junior
Lender represents and warrants to Senior Lender that:

      a.    Junior  Lender is the sole owner and  holder of the Junior  Note and
            the Junior Mortgage.

      b.    To the best of its  knowledge,  as of the date  hereof,  there is no
            default  or event  which by  notice  or the  passage  of time  would
            constitute  an event of  default  under the Junior  Note  and/or the
            Junior Mortgage.

      11. AMOUNT  SECURED:  Without the prior written  consent of Senior Lender,
which consent may be withheld in Senior Lender's sole discretion,  Junior Lender
shall not permit any  increases in the  principal  amount  secured by the Junior
Mortgage  (as may  have  been  reduced  by the  repayment  of any  principal  by
Mortgagor),  except for protective  advances,  and any interest thereon, and all
costs,  payments  advanced,  taxes and expenses hereafter advanced to insure the
Property, to prevent waste, to protect the collateral thereunder or collect said
debt,  and all other  expenses,  costs and  attorneys'  fees  incurred by Junior
Lender in connection with the Junior Mortgage and/or the Junior Obligations.  In
the absence of consent by Senior Lender,  any such increases shall  constitute a
default under the Senior Mortgage.

      12.  CONTINUING  AGREEMENT:  The  obligations  of Senior Lender and Junior
Lender hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional and this Agreement shall be
a continuing  agreement and shall continue  notwithstanding  the  dissolution or
reorganization  of Senior Lender or of Junior  Lender.  Senior  Lender,  without
affecting the subordination herein provided and without notice to Junior Lender,
(i) may release any security for its  respective  notes,  including  part of the
property  encumbered by its mortgage or retain or obtain a security  interest in
other property to secure the  obligations of the Mortgagor to Senior Lender,  or
(ii) may  extend,  alter,  exchange,  substitute  or modify  its  note(s) or its
mortgage or release,  compromise, alter or exchange any obligation held by it as
security for its note(s), so long as there is no increase in principal or in the
other financial obligations of Mortgagor.  None of such actions shall affect the
subordination  herein  provided,  and Junior Lender expressly waives any rights,
including any defense in the nature of a suretyship  defense,  otherwise arising
out of such action. Senior Lender's senior security position hereunder shall not
be  prejudiced  by any action  omitted or  undertaken  by it with respect to the
Senior Obligations or any indebtedness secured by the Senior Mortgage.

                                       4
<PAGE>

      13. NOTICES: All notices hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed
to have  been  sufficiently  given or served  for all  purposes  when  presented
personally  or three (3) days after  mailing  when sent by actual  hand-delivery
commercial  overnight courier (i.e., Federal Express) or registered or certified
mail,  return receipt  requested,  postage  prepaid,  to the addresses set forth
below:

         to Senior Lender:          Charley Zeches as Trustee of
                                    Lakes Holding Trust under agreement
                                    Dated July 27, 2001
                                    521 East Las Olas Boulevard
                                    Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301

         with a copy to:            Mombach, Boyle & Hardin, P.A.
                                    500 East Broward Boulevard, Suite 1950
                                    Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33394
                                    Attn: Conrad J. Boyle, Esq.

         to Junior Lender:          Mitchell Entertainment Company
                                    7220 N.W. 36th Street, Suite 100
                                    Miami, Florida 33166

         with copy to:              Howard L. Friedberg, Esq.
                                    Katz, Barron, Squitero Law Firm
                                    2699 South Bayshore Drive, 7th Floor
                                    Miami, Florida 33133

         to Mortgagor:              AGU Entertainment Corp.
                                    11077 Biscayne Boulevard, Suite 100
                                    Miami, Florida 33161

         with copy to:              Bruce C. Rosetto, Esq.
                                    Blank Rome LLP
                                    1200 N. Federal Highway, Suite 417
                                    Boca Raton, Florida 33432

or any such other  address of which a party shall have notified the party giving
such notice in writing.

      14. NO  WAIVER:  The  giving of  consent  by Senior  Lender to the  Junior
Mortgage is not and shall not be deemed a waiver of the Senior  Lender's  rights
to prohibit any other junior mortgage of the Mortgaged Property. No delay on the
part of Senior  Lender or Junior  Lender in the  exercise of any right or remedy
hereunder or under the Senior Mortgage or Junior Mortgage,  respectively,  shall
operate as a waiver of any right hereunder.

                                       5
<PAGE>

      15.  COUNTERPARTS:  The  parties  hereto  agree  that  this  Subordination
Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more  counterparts,  each of which shall
be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.

      16. ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES: At the written request of Senior Lender, Junior
Lender shall deliver to Senior Lender a certificate  stating that no default has
occurred  under  the  Junior  Note  or the  Junior  Mortgage  which  default  is
continuing,  and that Junior Lender is not aware of any event which after notice
or lapse of time or both  would  constitute  a default  or, if any such event or
default had occurred and is  continuing,  Junior Lender shall specify the nature
and period of existence thereof. At the written request of Junior Lender, Senior
Lender shall deliver to Junior Lender a certificate  stating that no default has
occurred  under  the  Senior  Note  or the  Senior  Mortgage  which  default  is
continuing,  and that Senior Lender is not aware of any event which after notice
or lapse of time or both  would  constitute  a default  or, if any such event or
default had occurred and is  continuing,  Senior Lender shall specify the nature
and period of existence thereof.

      17.  PARAGRAPH  HEADINGS:  The headings of the various  paragraphs of this
Subordination  Agreement have been inserted only for the purpose of convenience,
and are not part of this Subordination  Agreement and shall not be deemed in any
manner  to  modify,   explain  or  restrict  any  of  the   provisions  of  this
Subordination Agreement.

      18.  CHOICE  OF LAW:  This  Agreement  shall  be  construed,  interpreted,
enforced  and  governed  by and in  accordance  with  the  laws of the  State of
Florida,  excluding the principles  thereof  governing  conflicts of law. If any
provision  shall be held  prohibited  or  invalid  under  applicable  law,  such
provision  shall be ineffective to the extent of such  prohibition or invalidity
without invalidating any other provision of this Agreement.

      19 VENUE:  The parties  agree that Broward  County,  Florida,  at the sole
option of Senior Lender,  is the proper venue for any and all legal  proceedings
arising out of this Subordination Agreement and any associated loan documents.

      20. BINDING EFFECT:  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the Mortgagor,  Senior Lender and Junior Lender and their  respective
heirs, successors and assigns.

      21. NEITHER SENIOR LENDER,  JUNIOR LENDER,  MORTGAGOR NOR ANY OTHER PERSON
LIABLE FOR THE OBLIGATIONS,  COVENANTS,  WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS  HEREIN,
NOR ANY ASSIGNEE,  SUCCESSOR,  HEIR OR PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE OF SENIOR LENDER,
JUNIOR  LENDER,  MORTGAGOR  OR ANY SUCH OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY SHALL SEEK A JURY
TRIAL IN ANY LAWSUIT, PROCEEDING, COUNTERCLAIM OR ANY OTHER LITIGATION PROCEDURE
BASED UPON OR ARISING  OUT OF THIS  AGREEMENT.  NEITHER  SENIOR  LENDER,  JUNIOR
LENDER,  MORTGAGOR  NOR ANY SUCH PERSON OR ENTITY WILL SEEK TO  CONSOLIDATE  ANY
SUCH  ACTION IN WHICH A JURY  TRIAL HAS BEEN  WAIVED,  WITH ANY OTHER  ACTION IN
WHICH A JURY TRIAL  CANNOT BE OR HAS NOT BEEN  WAIVED.  THE  PROVISIONS  OF THIS
PARAGRAPH  HAVE BEEN FULLY  DISCUSSED BY THE PARTIES,  HERETO AND THE PROVISIONS
HEREOF SHALL BE SUBJECT TO NO EXCEPTIONS.


          [THE BALANCE OF THE PAGE INTENTIONALLY HAS BEEN LEFT BLANK]

                                       6
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  we have  hereunto set our hands and seals on the day
and year first above written.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                           <C>
Signed, sealed and                                            SENIOR LENDER
delivered in the presence of:

/s/ Robert J. Zeches                                          By:/s/ Charley Zeches
- --------------------------------------------                     -----------------------------------------
Print Name: Robert J. Zeches                                  Name:Charley Zeches
           --------------------------------                       --------------------------------------
                                                              Title: Trustee
/s/ John N. Minjiras                                                 -------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------
Print Name: John N. Minjiras
           ---------------------------------

                                                              MITCHELL ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, a Delaware limited
                                                              liability company


                                                              By:  /s/ Johnathan E. Mitchell
- --------------------------------------------                     -----------------------------------------
Print Name:                                                            Jonathan E. Mitchell
           ---------------------------------
                                                              Title: CEO
                                                                     -------------------------------------

Print Name:
           ----------------------------------
</TABLE>



                                       7
<PAGE>

      AGREED TO, ACCEPTED AND  ACKNOWLEDGED  by the  undersigned  Mortgagor this
20th day of  December, 2004.
- ----


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                           <C>
                                                              AGU ENTERTAINMENT CORP.
/s/ Bruce C. Rosetto
- --------------------------------------------
Print Name: Bruce C. Rosetto                                  By: /s/ David Levy
           ---------------------------------                      ----------------------------------------
                                                              Name: David Levy
                                                                    --------------------------------------
/s/ Innocencia Ramos                                          Title: President
- --------------------------------------------                         -------------------------------------
Print Name: Innocencia Ramos
           ---------------------------------

</TABLE>

                                       8

