
                                  EXHIBIT 10.7

                        ENVIRONMENTAL INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

      THIS ENVIRONMENTAL INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this "Indemnity"), dated as of the
20th day of  December,  2004,  is made by AGU  ENTERTAINMENT  CORP.  ("AGU"),  A
DELAWARE CORPORATION,  THE TUBE MUSIC NETWORK, INC., A FLORIDA CORPORATION,  AND
PYRAMID  RECORDS  INTERNATIONAL,   INC.,  A  FLORIDA  CORPORATION   (hereinafter
individually  and  collectively  referred  to as "  Indemnitor"),  in  favor  of
MITCHELL  ENTERTAINMENT  COMPANY,  a Delaware  limited  liability  company,  its
successors and assigns, (hereinafter "Lender").

                                R E C I T A L S:

      Lender has agreed to make a loan to Indemnitor  in the original  principal
amount of Three Million and no/100 Dollars  ($3,000,000.00)  (the "Loan"),  upon
certain  terms  and  conditions,  which  Loan is to be  evidenced  by a  Secured
Convertible  Term Note of even date herewith  executed by Indemnitor,  as Maker,
for the  benefit of Lender,  as Holder (the  "Note"),  and secured by a Mortgage
Deed and Security  Agreement (the "Real Estate  Mortgage")  encumbering  certain
real property  located in Broward  County,  Florida,  and described as Exhibit A
attached hereto and incorporated herein (the "Property").

      Lender has agreed to make the Loan, provided, however, that as a condition
precedent  to the funding of the Loan,  Lender  requires  the  execution of this
Indemnity by Indemnitor.

      NOW  THEREFORE,  in  order  to  induce  Lender  to make  the  Loan,  which
Indemnitor  acknowledges  to be in the  best  interest  and to  the  benefit  of
Indemnitor, and in consideration of the matters described in the above Recitals,
and for other good and valuable  consideration,  the receipt and  sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, Indemnitor agrees as follows:

                                    AGREEMENT

      1. Recitals. The Recitals are incorporated herein by this reference.

      2. Definitions.  As used in this Indemnity, the following terms shall have
the following meanings:

      "CERCLA" means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and
Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C.  ss. 9601 et seq.), as amended by the Superfund
Amendments and  Reauthorization Act of 1986, and as further amended from time to
time.

      "Environmental   Laws"  means  all  present  and  future  laws,  statutes,
ordinances, rules, regulations, authorizations, judgments, decrees, concessions,
grants,   franchises,   agreements  and  other  governmental   restrictions  and
requirements,  as they  may be  amended  from  time  to  time,  relating  to the
environment  or to any  Toxic  Materials  or  Indemnified  Activity,  including,
without limitation,  CERCLA, and all rules, regulations,  orders and decrees now
or hereafter  promulgated  thereunder,  together with all statutes and rules and
municipal ordinances dealing with similar environmental matters.

                                       1
<PAGE>

      "Indemnified  Activity"  means  (A) any  actual,  proposed  or  threatened
location, use, manufacture,  storage,  holding,  existence,  presence,  release,
emission,  discharge,  generation,  processing,  abatement,  removal,  disposal,
handling or  transportation of any Toxic Materials from,  beneath,  into or onto
the Property or otherwise  relating to the Property or the Use of the  Property,
or any other activity or occurrence that caused or would cause any such event to
exist,  or  (B)  the  improper  installation,  maintenance  or  removal  of  any
underground  storage tank (an "UST") on, in, under,  or from the  Property.  For
purpose of this  definition,  "release"  means any spilling,  leaking,  pumping,
pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping
or disposing into the  environment,  including  continuing  migration,  of Toxic
Materials into or through soil, surface water or groundwater; such term does not
include  actions  directly  relating  to  incorporation  in a lawful  manner  of
building materials into a permanent improvement to the Property. For purposes of
this  definition,   "Property"  shall  be  deemed  to  include  the  air,  soil,
groundwater and surface water thereof.

      "Indemnitee"  means Lender and its  respective  subsidiaries,  affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders,  agents, attorneys, employees,  participants,
successors and assigns.

      "Loan Documents"  means the Real Estate  Mortgage,  the Note and any other
documents executed by Indemnitor and delivered in connection with the Loan.

      "Termination  Date"  means the date after  which  Indemnitor  ceases to be
either an owner or an operator of the Property,  as "owner" and  "operator"  are
defined in Section 101(20)(A) of CERCLA.

      "Toxic  Materials"  means,  at any time, (i) any "hazardous  substance" as
defined in ss.  101(14) of CERCLA (42 U.S.C.  ss.  9601(14)) (ii) any additional
substances  or materials  which at such time are  classified or considered to be
hazardous  or  toxic  under  any   Environmental   Laws;   (iii)   asbestos  and
asbestos-containing  materials;  and  (iv)  petroleum  and  petroleum  products,
including crude oil or any fraction  thereof,  natural gas, natural gas liquids,
liquefied natural gas, or synthetic gas usable for fuel, or any mixture thereof.

      "Use"  means  use,  ownership,  development,  construction,   maintenance,
management, operation or occupancy.

      3.  Covenants,  Representations  and Warranties of Indemnitor.  Indemnitor
covenants, represents and warrants as follows:

            (a) that (i) no Toxic Materials are or at any time shall be present,
generated,  manufactured,  treated, refined, reproduced,  processed, released or
disposed  of, in, on or  beneath  the  Property  or  transported  to or from the
Property; (ii) no activity is or at any time shall be undertaken with respect to
the Use of the  Property  which would  cause a  violation  of or support a claim
under any Environmental law; (iii) no UST or underground deposits are, or at any
time will be located on the  Property;  (iv) there are no surface or  subsurface
soil, water, mineral,  chemical or environmental  conditions which presently, or
with  the  passage  of time  will  (A)  require  reporting  to any  governmental
authority,  (B)  constitute  a nuisance,  a risk to human  health or safety or a
violation  of any  Environmental  Laws,  or (C)  otherwise  adversely  affect or
threaten to  adversely  affect the use and  operation  of the  Property;  (v) no
investigation,  administrative  order,  litigation or settlement with respect to
any Toxic  Material is threatened or in existence  with respect to the Property;
(vi) no notice has been served on Indemnitor from any entity,  governmental body
or  individual,  and  Indemnitor  has no  knowledge  or  reason to know that any
governmental  authority or employee or agent  thereof is or will be claiming any
violation  of  any   Environmental   Law,  or  requiring   compliance  with  any
Environmental Law, or demanding payment or contribution for environmental damage
or injury to any third  party or natural  resources;  and (vii)  Indemnitor  has
given no release  or waiver of  liability  that would  waive or impair any claim
based on Toxic Materials to a previous owner of the Property or to any party who
may be  potentially  responsible  for the  presence  of Toxic  Materials  on the
Property,  nor has Indemnitor  given any promises of  indemnification  regarding
Toxic Materials to any party;

                                       2
<PAGE>

            (b) that the  Property is and will only be utilized  for  commercial
purposes; and

            (c) that Indemnitor has duly  investigated  the present and past Use
of the  Property  and has  made due  inquiry  for the  appropriate  governmental
agencies and offices  having  jurisdiction  over the Property and Indemnitor has
examined or been advised of the  Environmental  Laws that are  applicable to the
Property,  and will provide  Indemnitee with a summary of its investigations and
copies of all inquiries and responses.

      4. Indemnity.  Indemnitor shall exonerate, indemnify, defend (with counsel
reasonably  approved  by  the  Indemnitee(s)),   save  and  hold  harmless  each
Indemnitee  from and  against  any and all  claims,  losses,  fines,  penalties,
judgments,  damages,  costs or expenses (including  attorneys' fees,  consultant
fees,  expert fees) and all other  liabilities to any third party arising out of
or resulting from the following:

            (a) Any Indemnified  Activity on the Property that Indemnitor or its
agents have  caused,  permitted or  contributed  to, or the failure of anyone to
comply with all  applicable  Environmental  Laws relating to the Property or the
Use of the Property,  which Indemnified  Activity or failure to comply occurs or
exists on or prior to the Termination Date;

            (b) Any  investigation,  inquiry,  order,  hearing,  action or other
proceeding by or before any government agency in connection with any Indemnified
Activity  by  Indemnitor  or  by  anyone  under  Indemnitor's   control,   which
Indemnified  Activity occurs or allegedly  occurs on or prior to the Termination
Date, or in connection with any Indemnified  Activity which resulted directly or
indirectly from any Indemnified  Activity occurring or allegedly occurring prior
to the Termination Date;

            (c) Any costs relating to any cleanup, remediation or other response
action concerning a release or threatened release of Toxic Materials on, beneath
or from the Property, whether or not such cleanup, remediation or other response
action  is  pursuant  to an order of any  federal,  state or local  governmental
agency;

            (d) Any inaccuracy of the  representations  and  warranties  made in
Section 3 above; and

            (e) Any claim,  demand,  liability or cause of action, or any action
or other proceeding, whether meritorious or not, brought or asserted against any
Indemnitee  which directly or indirectly  relates to, arises from or is based on
any of the matters described in clauses (a) through (d) of this Section 4 or any
allegation of any such matters.

      5. Payment of Indemnitees' Expenses.

            (a) Indemnitor  shall pay to each  Indemnitee all costs and expenses
(including the  reasonable  fees and  disbursements  of the  Indemnitee's  legal
counsel and the reasonable  charges of the Indemnitee's  internal legal counsel)
incurred by any Indemnitee in connection  with this Indemnity or the enforcement
of the terms of this Indemnity.

            (b)  Indemnitor  shall  pay when due any  judgments  or  claims  for
damages,  penalties or otherwise  against any  Indemnitee,  and shall assume the
burden  and  expense of  defending  all suits,  administrative  proceedings  and
resolutions  of any  description  with all persons,  political  subdivisions  or
government agencies arising out of the occurrences  described in this Indemnity.
If any action is brought against any Indemnitee,  Indemnitor at the Indemnitee's
sole option and at Indemnitor's  expense,  shall defend against such action with
counsel  satisfactory to the Indemnitee and, with the Indemnitee's  sole consent
and approval, settle and compromise any such action. However, any Indemnitee may
elect to be  represented  by separate  counsel,  and if the Indemnitee so elects
such separate counsel, any settlement or compromise by Indemnitor shall likewise
be effected  only with the consent of the  Indemnitee.  Indemnitee  may elect to
join and participate in any settlements,  remedial actions, legal proceedings or
other actions included in connection with any claims under this Indemnity.

                                       3
<PAGE>

            (c) In the event  that  payment  under  clauses  (a) and (b) of this
Section 5 is not made, Indemnitee,  at its sole discretion,  may proceed to file
suit against Indemnitor to compel such payment.

            (d) If amounts due to  Indemnitee  under clauses (a) and (b) of this
Section  5 are not paid  within  ten (10) days  after  Indemnitee  makes  demand
therefor,  then such amounts  shall bear  interest from the date of demand until
the date such  amounts are paid in full at the Default  Interest  (as defined in
the Note) rate.  The Default  Interest is intended to compensate  Indemnitee for
damages  Indemnitee  will  suffer  as a result  of  Indemnitor's  late  payment.
Indemnitor  agrees that such damages are  extremely  difficult  and practical to
ascertain,  but that the Default Interest shall be presumed to be reasonable and
to represent the actual amount of damages  sustained by Indemnitee  for any late
payment.  Any Default  Interest  which may accrue shall be  immediately  due and
payable.

      6.  Waiver.  Indemnitor  waives  any right to  require  that any action be
brought  against  Indemnitor  or any other person or that any  Indemnitee  first
pursue any other remedy under the Loan Documents or any of them. Each Indemnitee
may, at its option, proceed against Indemnitor [or Indemnitor] to collect monies
where due or obtain  performance under this Indemnity,  without first proceeding
against other  persons and without  first  resorting to the Note and Real Estate
Mortgage or any other remedy under any of the Loan Documents.

      7. Notices from Indemnitor. Indemnitor shall immediately advise Indemnitee
in  writing  of  (i)  any  governmental  or  regulatory  actions  instituted  or
threatened  under any of the  Environmental  Laws  affecting the Property or the
matters  indemnified  hereunder  including,  without  limitation,  any notice of
inspection,  abatement or noncompliance, and shall deliver to Lender within five
(5) days after  receipt or  origination  by  Indemnitor,  copies of any notices,
correspondence,  reports, analyses, licenses, approvals, orders or other written
materials  relating to the environmental  condition of the Property  immediately
upon receipt,  completion or delivery of such materials, (ii) all claims made or
threatened  by any third party against  Indemnitor  or the Property  relating to
damage, contribution, cost recovery, compensation, loss or injury resulting from
any Indemnified Activity, Toxic Material or UST, (iii) Indemnitor's discovery of
any occurrence or condition on any real property adjoining or in the vicinity of
the Property  that could cause the Property to be  classified  in a manner which
may support a claim under any Environmental Law, and (iv) Indemnitor's discovery
of any occurrence or condition on the Property or any real property adjoining or
in the vicinity of the Property  which could subject  Indemnitor or the Property
to any restrictions on  transferability  or Use of the Property under any of the
Environmental  Laws.  Indemnitor shall immediately deliver to any Indemnitee any
documentation  or records as such  Indemnitee may request in connection with all
such notices,  inquiries and  communications and shall advise such Indemnitee of
any subsequent developments.

      8.  Inspections.  In the event that (i) Indemnitor has notified  Lender of
the  occurrence  or  existence of any of the  conditions  described in Section 7
above, or (ii) Indemnitee reasonably believes that a past, present or threatened
release  of  Toxic  Materials,   or  past,   present,   or  threatened  improper
installation,  maintenance,  or removal of an UST, has occurred, is occurring or
will occur, or (iii) Indemnitee has commenced  foreclosure  proceedings  against
the Property,  then  Indemnitor  agrees that Indemnitee or its agents shall have
the right to enter the Property to perform a site inspection. Indemnitor further
agrees that  Indemnitee is required to give  Indemnitor  only  twenty-four  (24)
hours' prior notice,  except in an emergency  situation,  or if  Indemnitor  has
abandoned the Property,  or it is impracticable to give such notice,  in each of
which  cases  Indemnitee  shall  give such  notice as is  practicable  under the
circumstances, in Indemnitee's sole discretion.

                                       4
<PAGE>

      9. Remedial Work.

            (a) In the event any  investigation or monitoring of site conditions
or any  cleanup,  containment,  restoration,  removal  or  other  remedial  work
(collectively,  "Remedial  Work")  is  required  at the  Property  (i) under any
applicable  Environmental Law, (ii) by any judicial,  arbitral or administrative
order,  (iii) to comply with any agreements  affecting the Property,  or (iv) to
maintain the Property in a standard of environmental condition which presents no
risk to safety or  health,  prevents  the  release  of any  Toxic  Materials  to
adjacent  property  or the  presence  of any UST on or below  the  Property  and
otherwise is consistent with the prudent  ownership of property of the character
of the Property, Indemnitor shall perform or cause to be performed such Remedial
Work.  All Remedial Work shall be conducted (A) in a diligent and timely fashion
by licensed  contractors  employing only properly trained personnel acting under
the supervision of a consulting  environmental  certified professional engineer,
(B) pursuant to a detailed  written plan for the Remedial  Work  approved by any
public or private agencies or persons with a legal or contractual  right to such
approval, (C) with such insurance coverage pertaining to liabilities arising out
of the  Remedial  Work as is then  customarily  maintained  with respect to such
activities and (D) only following receipt of any required  permits,  licenses or
approvals.  Throughout the course of the Remedial Work,  Indemnitor shall submit
to Lender  promptly upon receipt or  preparation  copies of any and all reports,
studies, analyses, correspondence,  governmental comments or approvals, proposed
removal or other  Remedial Work  contracts and similar  information  prepared or
received by Indemnitor in connection  with the Remedial Work or Toxic  Materials
or UST's relating to the Property.

            (b)  Indemnitor  shall give  notice to Lender of any claim,  action,
administrative  proceeding (including formal proceedings) or other demand by any
governmental  agency or other third party involving any potential  Remedial Work
at the time  such  claim or other  demand  first  becomes  known to  Indemnitor.
Receipt  of any such  notice  by  Lender  shall  not be  deemed  to  create  any
obligation on the part of any  Indemnitee to defend or otherwise  respond to any
claim or demand.

      10. Indemnitee as Owner. If for any reason,  including without  limitation
the  foreclosure of the Real Estate  Mortgage or the exercise of any of Lender's
rights,  Lender (or any successor or assign of Lender)  becomes the fee owner of
the Property and any claim, action, notice, administrative proceeding (including
informal  proceedings)  or other  demand is made by any  governmental  agency or
other third  party with  respect to Remedial  Work at the  Property,  Indemnitor
shall cooperate with Indemnitee in any defense or other appropriate  response to
any such claim or other demand.  Indemnitor  shall have the right to participate
in the defense or other response to any such claim or demand; provided, however,
that  Indemnitee  shall have the right,  but not the  obligation,  to direct and
control the defense or response to any such claim or demand.  Indemnitor's  duty
to  cooperate  and right to  participate  in the defense or response to any such
claim or demand  shall not be deemed to limit or otherwise  modify  Indemnitor's
obligations under this Indemnity.  Lender shall give notice to Indemnitor of any
claim or demand governed by this Section 10; provided that Lender's liability to
Indemnitor's for Lender's failure to give such timely notice shall be limited to
the loss or damage  Indemnitor  may incur solely as a direct  result of Lender's
failure to give such notice.

                                       5
<PAGE>

      11.  Subrogation of Indemnity Rights. If Indemnitor fails fully to perform
its  obligations  hereunder,  Indemnitee  shall be  subrogated  to any rights or
claims Indemnitor may have against any present, future or former owners, tenants
or other occupants or users of the Property, any portion thereof or any adjacent
or  proximate  properties,  relating to the  recovery of costs  incurred for the
performance of Remedial Work at the Property.

      12. Recourse.  Indemnitor's  liability  hereunder shall not be subject to,
limited by or affected in any way by any  non-recourse  provisions  contained in
any of the Loan  Documents.  Indemnitor  agrees  that the  indemnifications  are
separate,  independent of and in addition to Indemnitor's undertakings under the
Note, are not secured by the Real Estate  Mortgage and other security  documents
securing  the Loan,  and are not intended to be  discharged  or satisfied by any
foreclosure  of the liens  created  by the Real  Estate  Mortgage  or such other
security  documents.  Indemnitor agrees that a separate action may be brought to
enforce the provisions of this  Indemnity  which shall in no way be deemed to be
an  action  on the  Note,  whether  or not  Indemnitee  would be  entitled  to a
deficiency judgment following a judicial foreclosure of trustee's sale under the
Real Estate Mortgage.

      13. Successors and Assigns.  This Indemnity and the indemnities  contained
herein  shall be  continuing,  irrevocable  and  binding on  Indemnitor  and its
successors  and assigns,  and shall inure to the benefit of each  Indemnitee and
its successors and assigns.

      14. Survival of Covenants,  Representations,  Warranties and  Indemnities.
All  covenants,  representations,   warranties  and  indemnities  of  Indemnitor
contained  in this  Indemnity  shall not be merged into the Loan  Documents  and
shall  survive  the  execution  and  delivery  of the  Loan  Documents  and this
Indemnity,  and shall  further  survive  the  satisfaction  of the  indebtedness
evidenced and secured by the Loan Documents,  including  without  limitation any
foreclosure or conveyance in lieu of foreclosure.

      15. Notices.  Any notices  contemplated  hereunder shall, unless otherwise
specified, be in writing and shall be (i) hand delivered, effective upon receipt
(ii) sent by United States Express Mail or by private overnight courier service,
effective  upon receipt,  or (iii) served by certified  mail,  postage  prepaid,
return receipt requested,  effective upon receipt, and in each case addressed to
the party receiving such notice at the address set forth in this Section,  or to
such other address(es) or address(s) as such party may have furnished in writing
to the other party hereto. The initial addresses are as follows:

         If to Indemnitor:          AGU Entertainment Corp.
                                    3200 West Oakland Park Boulevard
                                    Lauderdale Lakes, Florida  33311
                                    Attention:  Chief Financial Officer
                                    Facsimile: (954) 714-8500

                  with a copy to:

                                    Bruce C. Rosetto, Esq.
                                    Blank Rome LLP
                                    1200 North Federal Highway, Suite 417
                                    Boca Raton, Florida  33432
                                    Facsimile:  (561)417-8186

                                       6
<PAGE>

         If to Lender:              Mitchell Entertainment Company
                                    7220 NW 36th Street, Suite 100
                                    Miami, Florida  33166
                                    Attention:  Jonathan E. Mitchell
                                    Facsimile:  (305) 591-9657

                  with a copy to:

                                    Mitchell Entertainment Company
                                    11601 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 2400
                                    Los Angeles, California  90025
                                    Attention:  Jonathan E. Mitchell
                                    Facsimile:  (310) 473-0076



                                       7
<PAGE>

                                    Robert S. Barry, Jr., Esq.
                                    Loeb & Loeb LLP
                                    10100 Santa Monica Boulevard, Suite 2200
                                    Los Angeles, California  90067
                                    Facsimile:  (310) 282-2200

                                    Howard L. Friedberg, Esq.
                                    Katz, Barron etal
                                    2699 South Bayshore Drive, 7th Floor
                                    Miami, Florida 33133
                                    Facsimile (305) 285-9227


      16.  Governing Law. THIS INDEMNITY  SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONTROLLED AS TO
INTERPRETATION,  ENFORCEMENT,  VALIDITY,  CONSTRUCTION,  EFFECT AND IN ALL OTHER
RESPECTS BY THE LAWS, STATUTES AND DECISIONS OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA. INDEMNITOR
HEREBY WAIVES AS A DEFENSE TO THE OBLIGATIONS  CONTAINED  HEREIN THE DEFENSES OF
SPLITTING  OF CAUSES OF ACTION,  RES  JUDICATA  AND STATUTE OF  LIMITATIONS  AND
HEREBY COVENANTS NOT TO RAISE THOSE DEFENSES.  EACH VIOLATION OF SECTION 4 SHALL
GIVE RISE TO A NEW RIGHT OF  ACTION,  SEPARATE  FROM ANY  PRECEDING  VIOLATIONS.
VENUE SHALL LIE IN BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA.

      17.  Counterparts.   This  Indemnity  may  be  executed  in  one  or  more
counterparts,  each of  which  shall be  deemed  an  original,  but all of which
together shall constitute but one and the same instrument.

      18. Severability. All provisions contained in this Indemnity are severable
and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision not affect or impair the
validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Indemnity.

      19. Headings. The descriptive headings of the paragraphs of this Indemnity
are  inserted  for  convenience  only  and do not  constitute  a  part  of  this
Indemnity.

      20. Relation to Real Estate Mortgage. The provisions of this Indemnity are
not intended to supersede the provisions of the Real Estate Mortgage  pertaining
to the matters addressed herein, but shall be construed as supplemental thereto.

      THE  INDEMNITOR  AND LENDER  HEREBY  MUTUALLY,  KNOWINGLY,  WILLINGLY  AND
VOLUNTARILY  WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AND NO PARTY,  NOR ANY ASSIGNEE,
SUCCESSOR,  HEIR,  OR  LEGAL  REPRESENTATIVE  OF THE  PARTIES  (ALL OF WHOM  ARE
HEREINAFTER  REFERRED  TO AS THE  "PARTIES")  SHALL  SEEK A  JURY  TRIAL  IN ANY
LAWSUIT, PROCEEDING, COUNTERCLAIM, OR ANY OTHER LITIGATION PROCEEDING BASED UPON
OR ARISING OUT OF THIS INSTRUMENT,  OR ANY INSTRUMENT  EVIDENCING,  SECURING, OR
RELATING  TO  THE  LOAN  OR ANY  RELATED  AGREEMENT  OR  INSTRUMENT,  ANY  OTHER
COLLATERAL FOR THE LOAN OR ANY COURSE OF ACTION,  COURSE OF DEALING,  STATEMENTS
(WHETHER  VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS  RELATING TO THE LOAN.  THE PARTIES ALSO
WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO CONSOLIDATE ANY ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL HAS BEEN WAIVED,
WITH ANY OTHER ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL HAS NOT BEEN WAIVED.  THE PROVISIONS
OF THIS  PARAGRAPH  HAVE  BEEN  FULLY  NEGOTIATED  BY THE  PARTIES.  THE  WAIVER
CONTAINED HEREIN IS IRREVOCABLE,

                                       8
<PAGE>

CONSTITUTES A KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY WAIVER, AND SHALL BE SUBJECT TO NO
EXCEPTIONS.


                                       9
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  this instrument has been executed by the undersigned
as of the date first set forth above.


AGU Entertainment Corp., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ David C. Levy
   -------------------------------------
Name:  David C. Levy
Title:  President and Secretary



The Tube Music Network, Inc., a Florida corporation



By: /s/ David C. Levy
   -------------------------------------
Title:  President and Secretary
Pyramid Records International, Inc., a Florida
corporation

By: /s/ David C. Levy
   -------------------------------------
Name:  David C. Levy
Title:  President and Secretary


                                       10
<PAGE>

                                    JOINDER

      The  undersigned  guarantors  hereby join in the execution and delivery of
this  Environmental  Indemnity  Agreement  to  evidence  (a) their  joinder  and
agreement  as an  "Indemnitor",  jointly  and  severally  with AGU and the other
"indemnitors" listed hereon, and (b) that this Environmental Indemnity Agreement
is a "Loan  Document"  under the  Guaranty  Agreement  given by the  undersigned
simultaneously herewith.


      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  this instrument has been executed by the undersigned
as of the date first set forth above.


- -------------------------------------


/s/ Jill Valentino                           By: /s/ David C. Levy
- -------------------------------------            ------------------------------
Jill Valentino                                   David C. Levy
- -------------------------------------


/s/ Jill Valentino                           By: /s/ Donna Levy
- -------------------------------------            ------------------------------
Jill Valentino                                   Donna Levy
- -------------------------------------


                                             By: /s/ Michael Solomon
- -------------------------------------            ------------------------------
                                                 Michael Solomon
- -------------------------------------


                                             By:
- -------------------------------------            ------------------------------
                                                 Luciana Solomon


                                       11

