
<PAGE>



                                                                    Exhibit 99.1






CONTACT: Martin de Laureal                            FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
         Stewart Enterprises, Inc.
         1333 S. Clearview Parkway
         Jefferson, Louisiana 70121
         504/729-1400


                      STEWART ENTERPRISES NAMES ASHTON RYAN
                              TO BOARD OF DIRECTORS

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

JEFFERSON, LA, December 20, 2004 . . . Stewart Enterprises, Inc. (Nasdaq NMS:
STEI) announced today the election on December 15, 2004 of Ashton J. Ryan, Jr.
to the Company's Board of Directors. Mr. Ryan will serve the unexpired term of
Leslie Rosenthal Jacobs, who resigned from the Board on December 14, 2004.

Ryan serves as president and chief executive officer of Firstrust Corporation
and its lead bank subsidiary First Bank and Trust. Under his leadership the
financial institution has grown in asset size from $78 million to approximately
$450 million. He was previously vice chairman of Bank One, Louisiana and
chairman of its New Orleans market. Prior to its acquisition by Bank One, he
served as president and chief executive officer of First National Bank of
Commerce, positions he held since 1991. Ryan spent the first 20 years of his
career with Arthur Andersen and Company, specializing in auditing and consulting
for several financial institutions.

Ryan is the current chairman of the board of Delgado Community College
Foundation, the Capital Campaign of the Friends of the New Orleans Recreation
Department and the East Jefferson General Hospital Foundation. He is also on the
board of many civic and business organizations, including Junior Achievement,
Tulane Freeman School of Business, Orthodontic Centers of America, the
University of New Orleans Foundation and the Metrovision Economic Development
Partnership.

<PAGE>

"We are very fortunate to have Ashton Ryan join our Board of Directors," said
Chairman of the Board William E. Rowe. "His distinguished banking career,
business acumen and community commitment are all assets that will serve our
Company well."

The Board has accepted the resignation of Leslie Rosenthal Jacobs, who became a
board member in 2001. During that time she has served on three very active board
committees. "On behalf of our Company, we thank Leslie for her enormous
abilities and commitment to Stewart Enterprises and know that she will continue
her interest in our organization as a stockholder and interested investor," said
Rowe. Jacobs, who is very active in community service, resigned because of
significant time commitments elsewhere in her life.

Founded in 1910, Stewart Enterprises is the third largest provider of products
and services in the death care industry in the United States, currently owning
and operating 238 funeral homes and 147 cemeteries. Through its subsidiaries,
the Company provides a complete range of funeral merchandise and services, along
with cemetery property, merchandise and services, both at the time of need and
on a preneed basis.

                                       ###



