















                                  EXHIBIT 4.1

                     CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF SERIES B
                         5% CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK


<PAGE>

DEAN HELLER
SECRETARY OF STATE
204 NORTH CARSON STREET, SUITE 1
CARSON CITY, NEVADA 89701-4299
(775) 684-5708
WEBSITE: SECRETARY OF STATE.BIZ


CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION
(PURSUANT TO NRS 78.1955)

IMPORTANT: READ ATTACHED INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE COMPLETING FORM.

                                              ABOVE SPACE IS FOR OFFICE USE ONLY

                           CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION
                         FOR NEVADA PROFIT CORPORATIONS
                            (PURSUANT TO NRS 78.1955)

1.       Name of corporation:

         Cirond Corporation

2.       By resolution of the board of directors pursuant to a provision in the
         articles of incorporation, this certificate establishes the following
         regarding the voting powers, designations, preferences, limitations,
         restrictions and relative rights of the following class or series of
         stock:

         See the attached Exhibit A.


3.       Effective date of filing (optional):
                                             -----------------------------------
                                    (Must not be later than 90 days after the
                                          certificate is filed)

4.       Officer Signature:   /s/ ISAAC MOSS
                           ---------------------------------------------------
FILING FEE: $175.00

         IMPORTANT: Failure to include any of the above information and submit
         the proper fees may cause this filing to be rejected.

         SUBMIT IN DUPLICATE

THIS FORM MUST BE ACCOMPANIED BY APPROPRIATE FEES.  SEE ATTACHED FEE
SCHEDULE.


<PAGE>


                                                                      EXHIBIT A

                               CIROND CORPORATION

                          CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF
                                       OF
                     SERIES B 5% CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

                       PURSUANT TO SECTION 78.1955 OF THE
                             NEVADA REVISED STATUTES


                  SECTION  1.  DEFINITIONS.   Capitalized  terms  used  and  not
otherwise  defined herein that are defined in the Purchase  Agreement shall have
the  meanings  given  such terms in the  Purchase  Agreement.  For the  purposes
hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

                  "BANKRUPTCY  EVENT" means any of the following events: (a) the
         Corporation or any  Significant  Subsidiary (as such term is defined in
         Rule  1-02(s) of  Regulation  S-X)  thereof  commences  a case or other
         proceeding   under   any   bankruptcy,   reorganization,   arrangement,
         adjustment  of debt,  relief of  debtors,  dissolution,  insolvency  or
         liquidation  or  similar  law  of  any  jurisdiction  relating  to  the
         Corporation  or  any  Significant  Subsidiary  thereof;  (b)  there  is
         commenced against the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof
         any such case or proceeding that is not dismissed  within 60 days after
         commencement; (c) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof
         is  adjudicated  insolvent  or bankrupt or any order of relief or other
         order  approving  any  such  case or  proceeding  is  entered;  (d) the
         Corporation  or  any   Significant   Subsidiary   thereof  suffers  any
         appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part
         of its property that is not  discharged  or stayed within 60 days;  (e)
         the Corporation or any Significant  Subsidiary  thereof makes a general
         assignment  for the benefit of creditors;  (f) the  Corporation  or any
         Significant  Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of its creditors with a
         view to arranging a  composition,  adjustment or  restructuring  of its
         debts; or (g) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof, by
         any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval
         of or  acquiescence  in any of the  foregoing or takes any corporate or
         other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

                  "CHANGE OF CONTROL TRANSACTION" means the occurrence after the
         date  hereof of any of (a) an  acquisition  after the date hereof by an
         individual or legal entity or "group" (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1)
         promulgated  under the  Exchange  Act) of  effective  control  (whether
         through  legal  or  beneficial   ownership  of  capital  stock  of  the
         Corporation,  by  contract  or  otherwise)  of in  excess of 50% of the
         voting securities of the Corporation,  or (b) a replacement at one time
         or within a one year period of more than one-half of the members of the
         Corporation's board of directors which is not approved by a majority of
         those individuals who are members of the board of directors on the date
         hereof (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the board
         of directors on


                                       1
<PAGE>


         any date whose nomination to the board of directors was  approved  by a
         majority  of  the  members of the board of directors who are members on
         the  date  hereof),  or  (c)  the  execution  by  the Corporation of an
         agreement  to which the Corporation is a party or by which it is bound,
         providing for any of the events set forth above in (a) or (b).

                  "CLOSING  DATE(S)"  means the  Trading  Day(s) when all of the
         Transaction   Documents   have  been  executed  and  delivered  by  the
         applicable  parties  thereto,  and all conditions  precedent to (i) the
         Holders'  obligations  to pay the  Subscription  Amount  and  (ii)  the
         Corporation's obligations to deliver the Securities have been satisfied
         or waived.

                  "CLOSING PRICE" means,  for any date, the price  determined by
         the first of the  following  clauses  that  applies:  (a) if the Common
         Stock is then  listed or quoted on a Trading  Market,  the  closing bid
         price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
         on the primary  Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed
         or quoted as reported by Bloomberg  Financial L.P.  (based on a Trading
         Day from  9:30  a.m.  EST to 4:02  p.m.  Eastern  Time)  using  the VAP
         function;  (b) if the  Common  Stock is not then  listed or quoted on a
         Trading  Market and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in
         the  "Pink  Sheets"   published  by  the  National   Quotation   Bureau
         Incorporated  (or a similar  organization  or agency  succeeding to its
         functions of reporting prices),  the most recent bid price per share of
         the  Common  Stock so  reported;  or (c) in all other  cases,  the fair
         market value of a share of Common Stock as  determined  by a nationally
         recognized-independent  appraiser  selected in good faith by Purchasers
         holding a majority  of the  Stated  Value of the  Preferred  Stock then
         outstanding.

                  "COMMISSION" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

                  "COMMON STOCK" means the Corporation's common stock, par value
         $0.001 per share,  and stock of any other  class into which such shares
         may hereafter have been reclassified or changed.

                  "COMMON  STOCK   EQUIVALENTS"  means  any  securities  of  the
         Corporation or the Subsidiaries  which would entitle the holder thereof
         to acquire at any time Common Stock, including without limitation,  any
         debt,  preferred stock, rights,  options,  warrants or other instrument
         that is at any time convertible into or exchangeable  for, or otherwise
         entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

                  "CONVERSION  AMOUNT"  means  the sum of the  Stated  Value  at
         issue.

                  "CONVERSION  DATE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
         6(a).

                  "CONVERSION PRICE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
         6(b).

                  "CONVERSION SHARES" means, collectively,  the shares of Common
         Stock into  which the  shares of  Preferred  Stock are  convertible  in
         accordance with the terms hereof.


                                       2
<PAGE>

                  "CONVERSION   SHARES    REGISTRATION    STATEMENT"   means   a
         registration  statement that meets the requirements of the Registration
         Rights  Agreement and registers the resale of all Conversion  Shares by
         the Holder, who shall be named as a "selling  stockholder"  thereunder,
         all as provided in the Registration Rights Agreement.

                  "DIVIDEND  PAYMENT  DATE"  shall have the meaning set forth in
         Section 3(a).

                  "DILUTIVE  ISSUANCE"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth in
         Section 7(b) hereof.

                  "EFFECTIVE  DATE"  means the date that the  Conversion  Shares
         Registration Statement is declared effective by the Commission.

                  "EQUITY CONDITIONS" shall mean, during the period in question,
         (i) the Corporation  shall have duly honored all conversions  scheduled
         to occur or occurring  by virtue of one or more Notices of  Conversion,
         if any, (ii) all liquidated  damages and other amounts owing in respect
         of the  Preferred  Stock  shall  have  been  paid;  (iii)  there  is an
         effective  Conversion Shares  Registration  Statement pursuant to which
         the Holder is permitted to utilize the prospectus  thereunder to resell
         all of the shares issuable  pursuant to the Transaction  Documents (and
         the Corporation  believes,  in good faith, that such effectiveness will
         continue  uninterrupted  for the foreseeable  future),  (iv) the Common
         Stock is trading on the Trading  Market and all of the shares  issuable
         pursuant  to the  Transaction  Documents  are listed  for  trading on a
         Trading  Market (and the  Corporation  believes,  in good  faith,  that
         trading  of  the  Common  Stock  on  a  Trading  Market  will  continue
         uninterrupted  for the foreseeable  future),  (v) there is a sufficient
         number of authorized  but unissued and otherwise  unreserved  shares of
         Common Stock for the issuance of all of the shares issuable pursuant to
         the  Transaction  Documents,  (vi) there is then existing no Triggering
         Event or event which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice,
         would constitute a Triggering Event,  (vii) all of the shares issued or
         issuable  pursuant to the  transaction  proposed  would not violate the
         limitations   set  forth  in  Section   6(c),   and  (viii)  no  public
         announcement of a pending or proposed Fundamental  Transaction,  Change
         of Control Transaction or acquisition transaction has occurred that has
         not been consummated.

                  "EXCHANGE ACT" means the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as
         amended.

                  "EXEMPT  ISSUANCE"  means the issuance of (a) shares of Common
         Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Corporation
         pursuant to any stock or option plan duly  adopted by a majority of the
         non-employee  members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation or a
         majority  of the  members  of a  committee  of  non-employee  directors
         established  for such purpose,  (b) securities  upon the exercise of or
         conversion  of any  securities  issued  under  the  Purchase  Agreement
         (including the warrants  issued to Ascendiant  Securities,  LLC and the
         Additional  Investment  Right  Securities),   convertible   securities,
         options or warrants  issued and outstanding on the date of the Purchase
         Agreement,  provided that such  securities  have not been amended since
         the date of the  Purchase  Agreement  to  increase  the  number of such
         securities or to decrease the exercise


                                       3
<PAGE>


         or conversion  price of any such securities, and (c) securities  issued
         pursuant to  acquisitions  or strategic transactions, provided any such
         issuance shall only be to a  Person  which is,  itself  or through  its
         subsidiaries,  an  operating company in a business synergistic with the
         business of the Corporation  and  in  which  the  Corporation  receives
         benefits in addition to the investment of funds,  but shall not include
         a transaction  in which the Corporation is issuing securities primarily
         for  the purpose of raising  capital  or to  an  entity  whose  primary
         business is investing in securities.

                  "FIVE  YEAR  REDEMPTION"  shall  mean  the  redemption  of the
         Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 8(a).

                  "FIVE YEAR  REDEMPTION  AMOUNT" shall mean the sum of (i) 100%
         of the aggregate Stated Value then outstanding, (ii) accrued but unpaid
         dividends  and (iii) all  liquidated  damages and other  amounts due in
         respect of the Preferred Stock.

                  "FIVE YEAR  REDEMPTION  DATE" shall have the meaning set forth
         in Section 8(a).

                  "FUNDAMENTAL  TRANSACTION" shall have the meaning set forth in
         Section 7(f)(iii) hereof.

                  "HOLDER"  shall have the meaning  given such term in Section 2
         hereof.

                  "JUNIOR  SECURITIES"  means  the  Common  Stock  and all other
         equity or equity  equivalent  securities of the Corporation  other than
         those securities that are explicitly  senior or pari passu in rights or
         liquidation preference to the Preferred Stock.

                  "OPTIONAL  REDEMPTION"  shall  have the  meaning  set forth in
         Section 8(c).

                  "OPTIONAL REDEMPTION AMOUNT" shall mean the sum of (i) 120% of
         the Stated Value of the Preferred Stock then outstanding,  (ii) accrued
         but unpaid dividends and (iii) all liquidated damages and other amounts
         due in respect of the Preferred Stock.

                  "OPTIONAL  REDEMPTION NOTICE" shall have the meaning set forth
         in Section 8(c).

                  "OPTIONAL  REDEMPTION  NOTICE DATE" shall have the meaning set
         forth in Section 8(c).

                  "ORIGINAL  ISSUE  DATE"  shall  mean  the  date  of the  first
         issuance of any shares of the Preferred Stock  regardless of the number
         of transfers of any particular shares of Preferred Stock and regardless
         of the  number of  certificates  which may be issued to  evidence  such
         Preferred Stock.

                  "PERSON" means a corporation,  an association,  a partnership,
         an organization,  a business, an individual,  a government or political
         subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.


                                       4

<PAGE>

                  "PURCHASE  AGREEMENT" means the Securities Purchase Agreement,
         dated as of the Original Issue Date, to which the  Corporation  and the
         original Holders are parties, as amended, modified or supplemented from
         time to time in accordance with its terms.

                  "REGISTRATION  RIGHTS AGREEMENT" means the Registration Rights
         Agreement, dated as of the date of the Purchase Agreement, to which the
         Corporation and the original Holder are parties,  as amended,  modified
         or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

                  "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
         and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

                  "SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT" means, as to each Purchaser, the amounts
         set forth below such Purchaser's signature block on the signature pages
         hereto, in United States Dollars and in immediately available funds.

                  "SUBSIDIARY"  shall have the meaning given to such term in the
         Purchase Agreement.

                  "THRESHOLD PERIOD" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
         6(e).

                  "TRADING  DAY" means a day on which the Common Stock is traded
         on a Trading Market.

                  "TRADING  MARKET" means the following  markets or exchanges on
         which the Common  Stock is listed or quoted for  trading on the date in
         question:  the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, the American Stock Exchange, the
         New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq National Market or the OTC Bulletin
         Board.

                  "TRANSACTION  DOCUMENTS"  shall have the  meaning set forth in
         the Purchase Agreement.

                  "TRIGGERING EVENT" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
         9(a).

                  "TRIGGERING  REDEMPTION  AMOUNT"  for each share of  Preferred
         Stock means the sum of (i) the greater of (A) 120% of the Stated  Value
         and (B) the  product  of (a)  the  Closing  Price  on the  Trading  Day
         immediately  preceding  the date of the  Triggering  Event  and (b) the
         Stated Value divided by the then Conversion Price, (ii) all accrued but
         unpaid  dividends  thereon and (iii) all  liquidated  damages and other
         amounts due in respect of the Preferred Stock

                  SECTION 2.  DESIGNATION,  AMOUNT AND PAR VALUE.  The series of
         preferred  stock  shall be  designated  as its Series B 5%  Convertible
         Preferred  Stock (the  "PREFERRED  STOCK")  and the number of shares so
         designated  shall be 6,000  (which  shall not be  subject  to  increase
         without the consent of all of the holders of the Preferred Stock (each,
         a "HOLDER" and collectively,  the "HOLDERS")).  Each share of Preferred
         Stock  shall  have a par


                                       5
<PAGE>

         value of $0.001  per share and a stated  value  equal  to  $1,000  (the
         "STATED VALUE").  Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein  shall
         have the meaning given such terms in Section 1 hereof.

                  SECTION 3.  DIVIDENDS.

                  a) Holders  shall be entitled  to receive and the  Corporation
         shall pay, cumulative  dividends at the rate per share (as a percentage
         of the Stated  Value per share) of 5% per annum  (subject  to  increase
         pursuant  to  Section  9(b)),  payable  quarterly  on April 1,  July 1,
         October 1 and  January  1,  beginning  with  January 1, 2005 and on any
         Conversion  Date (except  that,  if such date is not a Trading Day, the
         payment  date  shall  be the  next  succeeding  Trading  Day)("DIVIDEND
         PAYMENT DATE").  The form of dividend  payments to each Holder shall be
         made in the following order: (i) if funds are legally available for the
         payment of dividends  and the Equity  Conditions  have not been met, in
         cash  only,  (ii) if funds are  legally  available  for the  payment of
         dividends and the Equity  Conditions have been met, and the Corporation
         is in compliance  with Sections 78.215 and 78.288 of the Nevada Revised
         Statutes, at the sole election of the Corporation, in cash or shares of
         Common  Stock which shall be valued  solely for such  purpose at 90% of
         the average of the 20 Closing Prices  immediately prior to the Dividend
         Payment Date; (iii) if funds are not legally  available for the payment
         of dividends,  the Equity Conditions have been met, and the Corporation
         is in compliance  with Sections 78.215 and 78.288 of the Nevada Revised
         Statutes, in shares of Common Stock which shall be valued at 90% of the
         average  of the 20 Closing  Prices  immediately  prior to the  Dividend
         Payment Date;  (iv) if funds are not legally  available for the payment
         of dividends and the Equity  Conditions  relating to registration  have
         been waived by such  Holder,  and,  prior to  February  28,  2005,  the
         Corporation  is in compliance  with  Sections  78.215 and 78.288 of the
         Nevada Revised Statutes, as to such Holder only, in unregistered shares
         of Common  Stock  which shall be valued at 90% of the average of the 20
         Closing Prices  immediately prior to the Dividend Payment Date; and (v)
         if funds are not legally available for the payment of dividends and the
         Equity  Conditions  have not been met,  then,  at the  election of such
         Holder,  such dividends shall accrue to the next Dividend  Payment Date
         or shall be accreted to the outstanding Stated Value. The Holders shall
         have the same rights and  remedies  with respect to the delivery of any
         such shares as if such shares were being issued  pursuant to Section 6.
         As of the Closing Date, the Corporation may not lawfully pay dividends.
         The  Corporation  shall  promptly  notify  the  Holders at any time the
         Corporation  shall  become  able or  unable,  as the  case  may be,  to
         lawfully pay cash  dividends.  If at any time the  Corporation  has the
         right to pay dividends in cash or Common Stock,  the  Corporation  must
         provide  the  Holder  with at  least 20  Trading  Days'  notice  of its
         election  to  pay a  regularly  scheduled  dividend  in  Common  Stock.
         Dividends on the Preferred  Stock shall be calculated on the basis of a
         360-day year, shall accrue daily commencing on the Original Issue Date,
         and shall be deemed to accrue  from such date  whether or not earned or
         declared and whether or not there are  profits,  surplus or other funds
         of the  Corporation  legally  available  for the payment of  dividends.
         Except as otherwise  provided  herein,  if at any time the  Corporation
         pays  dividends  partially in cash and  partially in shares,  then such
         payment shall be  distributed  ratably among the Holders

                                       6
<PAGE>

         based upon the number of shares of Preferred Stock held by each Holder.
         Any dividends, whether paid in cash or shares, that are not paid within
         three Trading Days  following a Dividend  Payment  Date shall  continue
         to accrue and shall entail  a late  fee, which must be paid in cash, at
         the rate of 10% per  annum or the lesser rate  permitted  by applicable
         law (such fees to accrue daily,  from the Dividend Payment Date through
         and including the date of payment).

                  b) So long as any  Preferred  Stock shall remain  outstanding,
         neither  the  Corporation  nor any  Subsidiary  thereof  shall  redeem,
         purchase  or  otherwise  acquire  directly  or  indirectly  any  Junior
         Securities.  So long as any Preferred  Stock shall remain  outstanding,
         neither the  Corporation  nor any Subsidiary  thereof shall directly or
         indirectly pay or declare any dividend or make any distribution  (other
         than a dividend or distribution described in Section 6 or dividends due
         and paid in the ordinary  course on preferred  stock of the Corporation
         at such times when the  Corporation  is in compliance  with its payment
         and other  obligations  hereunder)  upon, nor shall any distribution be
         made in respect of, any Junior  Securities so long as any dividends due
         on the Preferred Stock remain unpaid, nor shall any monies be set aside
         for or applied to the purchase or redemption (through a sinking fund or
         otherwise)  of any  Junior  Securities  or shares  pari  passu with the
         Preferred Stock.

                  SECTION 4. VOTING RIGHTS.  Except as otherwise provided herein
and as  otherwise  required  by law,  the  Preferred  Stock shall have no voting
rights.  However, so long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding,  the
Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote of the Holders of the shares
of the  Preferred  Stock then  outstanding,  (a) alter or change  adversely  the
powers,  preferences  or rights given to the  Preferred  Stock or alter or amend
this  Certificate  of  Designation,  (b)  authorize or create any class of stock
ranking as to dividends, redemption or distribution of assets upon a Liquidation
(as defined in Section 5) senior to or otherwise  pari passu with the  Preferred
Stock, (c) amend its certificate of incorporation or other charter  documents so
as to affect  adversely any rights of the Holders,  (d) increase the  authorized
number of shares of  Preferred  Stock,  or (e)  enter  into any  agreement  with
respect to the foregoing.

                  SECTION 5. LIQUIDATION.  Upon any liquidation,  dissolution or
winding-up   of  the   Corporation,   whether   voluntary  or   involuntary   (a
"LIQUIDATION"),  the  Holders  shall be entitled to receive out of the assets of
the Corporation,  whether such assets are capital or surplus,  for each share of
Preferred  Stock an amount  equal to the Stated Value per share plus any accrued
and unpaid  dividends  thereon and any other fees or  liquidated  damages  owing
thereon before any  distribution  or payment shall be made to the holders of any
Junior Securities, and if the assets of the Corporation shall be insufficient to
pay in full  such  amounts,  then the  entire  assets to be  distributed  to the
Holders shall be distributed  among the Holders  ratably in accordance  with the
respective  amounts that would be payable on such shares if all amounts  payable
thereon  were paid in full.  A  Fundamental  Transaction  or  Change of  Control
Transaction  shall not be treated as a Liquidation.  The Corporation  shall mail
written  notice  of any such  Liquidation,  not less  than 45 days  prior to the
payment date stated therein, to each record Holder.


                                       7

<PAGE>

                  SECTION 6.  CONVERSION.

                  a)  CONVERSIONS  AT OPTION OF HOLDER.  Each share of Preferred
         Stock shall be  convertible  into that number of shares of Common Stock
         (subject to the  limitations  set forth in Section 6(c))  determined by
         dividing  the  Stated  Value of such  share of  Preferred  Stock by the
         Conversion  Price,  at the option of the  Holder,  at any time and from
         time to time from and after the  Original  Issue  Date.  Holders  shall
         effect  conversions  by  providing  the  Corporation  with  the form of
         conversion   notice   attached   hereto  as  ANNEX  A  (a   "NOTICE  OF
         CONVERSION").  Each Notice of  Conversion  shall  specify the number of
         shares of  Preferred  Stock to be  converted,  the  number of shares of
         Preferred  Stock owned prior to the conversion at issue,  the number of
         shares of Preferred  Stock owned  subsequent to the conversion at issue
         and the date on which such conversion is to be effected, which date may
         not be prior to the date the Holder  delivers such Notice of Conversion
         to  the  Corporation  by  facsimile  (the  "CONVERSION  DATE").  If  no
         Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion,  the Conversion
         Date  shall  be  the  date  that  such  Notice  of  Conversion  to  the
         Corporation is deemed delivered hereunder. The calculations and entries
         set forth in the Notice of  Conversion  shall control in the absence of
         manifest or mathematical error. To effect conversions,  as the case may
         be, of shares of  Preferred  Stock,  a Holder  shall not be required to
         surrender  the  certificate(s)  representing  such shares of  Preferred
         Stock to the  Corporation  unless all of the shares of Preferred  Stock
         represented  thereby are so  converted,  in which case the Holder shall
         deliver the  certificate  representing  such share of  Preferred  Stock
         promptly  following the Conversion  Date at issue.  Shares of Preferred
         Stock  converted  into Common Stock or redeemed in accordance  with the
         terms hereof shall be canceled and may not be reissued.

                  b) CONVERSION  PRICE.  The conversion  price for the Preferred
         Stock shall equal $0.43 (the "CONVERSION Price"), subject to adjustment
         herein.

                  c) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP LIMITATION.  The Corporation shall not
         effect any conversion of the Preferred  Stock, and the Holder shall not
         have the right to convert  any  portion of the  Preferred  Stock to the
         extent  that  after  giving  effect  to  such  conversion,  the  Holder
         (together with the Holder's affiliates), as set forth on the applicable
         Notice of Conversion,  would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% of the
         number of shares of the  Common  Stock  outstanding  immediately  after
         giving  effect  to  such  conversion.  For  purposes  of the  foregoing
         sentence,  the number of shares of Common Stock  beneficially  owned by
         the Holder and its  affiliates  shall  include  the number of shares of
         Common Stock  issuable  upon  conversion  of the  Preferred  Stock with
         respect to which the  determination of such sentence is being made, but
         shall  exclude  the  number of shares of Common  Stock  which  would be
         issuable upon (A)  conversion  of the  remaining,  nonconverted  Stated
         Value of Preferred Stock beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
         affiliates  and  (B)  exercise  or  conversion  of the  unexercised  or
         nonconverted  portion  of  any  other  securities  of  the  Corporation
         (including  the  Warrants)  subject to a limitation  on  conversion  or
         exercise  analogous to the  limitation  contained  herein  beneficially
         owned by the  Holder or any of its  affiliates.  Except as set forth in
         the preceding sentence,  for purposes of this Section 6(c),  beneficial
         ownership  shall be calculated in accordance  with

                                       8
<PAGE>



         Section  13(d) of the Exchange  Act. To the extent that the  limitation
         contained in this Section 6(c) applies,  the  determination  of whether
         the Preferred  Stock is  convertible  (in relation to other  securities
         owned by the Holder  together with any  affiliates) and of which shares
         of Preferred  Stock is convertible  shall be in the sole  discretion of
         such Holder,  and the  submission  of a Notice of  Conversion  shall be
         deemed to be such  Holder's  determination  of  whether  the  shares of
         Preferred Stock may be converted (in relation to other securities owned
         by such Holder) and which shares of the Preferred Stock is convertible,
         in each case  subject  to such  aggregate  percentage  limitations.  To
         ensure compliance with this  restriction,  the Holder will be deemed to
         represent  to the  Corporation  each  time  it  delivers  a  Notice  of
         Conversion  that  such  Notice  of  Conversion  has  not  violated  the
         restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Corporation shall have
         no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such  determination.
         For  purposes  of this  Section  6(c),  in  determining  the  number of
         outstanding  shares of Common Stock,  the Holder may rely on the number
         of  outstanding  shares of Common Stock as reflected in the most recent
         of the following:  (A) the Corporation's  most recent Form 10-Q or Form
         10-K, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public  announcement by the
         Corporation  or  (C)  any  other  notice  by  the  Corporation  or  the
         Corporation's  transfer  agent  setting  forth the  number of shares of
         Common  Stock  outstanding.  Upon the  written  or oral  request of the
         Holder,  the  Corporation  shall within two Trading Days confirm orally
         and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common  Stock then
         outstanding.  In any case, the number of  outstanding  shares of Common
         Stock shall be  determined  after giving  effect to the  conversion  or
         exercise of  securities  of the  Corporation,  including  the Preferred
         Stock, by the Holder or its affiliates  since the date as of which such
         number  of  outstanding  shares  of  Common  Stock  was  reported.  The
         provisions  of this Section  6(c) may be waived by the Holder upon,  at
         the election of the Holder,  not less than 61 days' prior notice to the
         Corporation,  and the provisions of this Section 6(c) shall continue to
         apply until such 61st day (or such later  date,  as  determined  by the
         Holder, as may be specified in such notice of waiver).

                  d)    MECHANICS OF CONVERSION

                        i. DELIVERY OF CERTIFICATE  UPON  CONVERSION.  Not later
                  than three Trading Days after each Conversion Date (the "SHARE
                  DELIVERY DATE"),  the Corporation  shall deliver to the Holder
                  (A) a certificate or certificates  which,  after the Effective
                  Date,  shall  be  free  of  restrictive  legends  and  trading
                  restrictions  (other  than  those  required  by  the  Purchase
                  Agreement)  representing  the number of shares of Common Stock
                  being  acquired  upon the  conversion  of shares of  Preferred
                  Stock,  and (B) a bank  check in the  amount  of  accrued  and
                  unpaid  dividends  (if  the  Corporation  has  elected  or  is
                  required  to  pay  accrued  dividends  in  cash).   After  the
                  Effective  Date, the  Corporation  shall,  upon request of the
                  Holder, deliver any certificate or certificates required to be
                  delivered by the Corporation under this Section electronically
                  through   the   Depository   Trust   Corporation   or  another
                  established clearing corporation performing similar functions.
                  If in the case of any Notice of Conversion such certificate or
                  certificates  are  not  delivered  to or as  directed  by  the
                  applicable   Holder  by  the  third


                                       9
<PAGE>

                  Trading  Day  after  the Conversion  Date, the Holder shall be
                  entitled  to elect by written notice to the Corporation at any
                  time  on  or  before  its  receipt  of  such   certificate  or
                  certificates  thereafter, to rescind such conversion, in which
                  event   the   Corporation   shall   immediately   return   the
                  certificates  representing  the  shares  of   Preferred  Stock
                  tendered for conversion.

                        ii. OBLIGATION ABSOLUTE; PARTIAL LIQUIDATED DAMAGES. The
                  Corporation's  obligations to issue and deliver the Conversion
                  Shares upon  conversion of Preferred  Stock in accordance with
                  the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional,  irrespective
                  of any action or  inaction  by the Holder to enforce the same,
                  any waiver or consent  with respect to any  provision  hereof,
                  the recovery of any judgment  against any Person or any action
                  to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim,  recoupment,
                  limitation or termination,  or any breach or alleged breach by
                  the  Holder  or any  other  Person  of any  obligation  to the
                  Corporation  or any  violation or alleged  violation of law by
                  the Holder or any other person,  and irrespective of any other
                  circumstance  which might  otherwise  limit such obligation of
                  the  Corporation to the Holder in connection with the issuance
                  of such Conversion  Shares.  In the event a Holder shall elect
                  to  convert  any or all of the Stated  Value of its  Preferred
                  Stock, the Corporation may not refuse  conversion based on any
                  claim that such  Holder or any one  associated  or  affiliated
                  with the Holder of has been  engaged in any  violation of law,
                  agreement or for any other reason,  unless, an injunction from
                  a court, on notice, restraining and or enjoining conversion of
                  all or part of this Preferred Stock shall have been sought and
                  obtained  and the  Corporation  posts a  surety  bond  for the
                  benefit  of the  Holder in the  amount  of 150% of the  Stated
                  Value of Preferred Stock outstanding,  which is subject to the
                  injunction,  which  bond  shall  remain  in  effect  until the
                  completion  of  arbitration/litigation  of the dispute and the
                  proceeds  of which  shall be  payable  to such  Holder  to the
                  extent it obtains  judgment.  In the absence of an  injunction
                  precluding the same, the  Corporation  shall issue  Conversion
                  Shares  or,  if  applicable,  cash,  upon a  properly  noticed
                  conversion.  If the Corporation fails to deliver to the Holder
                  such  certificate or certificates  pursuant to Section 6(d)(i)
                  within two Trading Days of the Share Delivery Date  applicable
                  to such conversion,  the Corporation shall pay to such Holder,
                  in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty,  for each
                  $5,000 of Stated Value of Preferred Stock being converted, $50
                  per  Trading Day  (increasing  to $100 per Trading Day after 3
                  Trading Days and  increasing to $200 per Trading Day 6 Trading
                  Days after such damages  begin to accrue) for each Trading Day
                  after the Share  Delivery  Date  until such  certificates  are
                  delivered.  Nothing  herein  shall  limit a Holder's  right to
                  pursue actual damages for the Corporation's failure to deliver
                  certificates   representing   shares  of  Common   Stock  upon
                  conversion  within the period specified herein and such Holder
                  shall have the right to pursue all  remedies  available  to it
                  hereunder, at law or in equity including,  without limitation,
                  a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

                                       10
<PAGE>



                        iii.  COMPENSATION  FOR  BUY-IN  ON  FAILURE  TO  TIMELY
                  DELIVER CERTIFICATES UPON CONVERSION. If the Corporation fails
                  to deliver  to the Holder  such  certificate  or  certificates
                  pursuant to Section  6(d)(i) by a Share  Delivery Date, and if
                  after such Share  Delivery  Date the Holder  purchases  (in an
                  open market  transaction or otherwise) Common Stock to deliver
                  in  satisfaction  of a sale by such  Holder of the  Conversion
                  Shares  which the Holder  was  entitled  to  receive  upon the
                  conversion  relating to such Share Delivery Date (a "BUY-IN"),
                  then  the  Corporation  shall  pay in cash to the  Holder  the
                  amount  by  which  (x)  the  Holder's   total  purchase  price
                  (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Common Stock
                  so  purchased  exceeds  (y) the  product of (1) the  aggregate
                  number of shares of Common Stock that such Holder was entitled
                  to receive from the conversion at issue  multiplied by (2) the
                  price at which the sell  order  giving  rise to such  purchase
                  obligation was executed.  For example, if the Holder purchases
                  Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover
                  a Buy-In with respect to an attempted  conversion of shares of
                  Preferred Stock with respect to which the aggregate sale price
                  giving rise to such  purchase  obligation  is  $10,000,  under
                  clause  (A)  of  the   immediately   preceding   sentence  the
                  Corporation  shall be required to pay the Holder  $1,000.  The
                  Holder shall provide the Corporation written notice indicating
                  the  amounts  payable to the Holder in respect of the  Buy-In,
                  together  with  applicable  confirmations  and other  evidence
                  reasonably requested by the Corporation.  Nothing herein shall
                  limit a Holder's right to pursue any other remedies  available
                  to it  hereunder,  at  law  or in  equity  including,  without
                  limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
                  relief  with  respect to the  Corporation's  failure to timely
                  deliver certificates  representing shares of Common Stock upon
                  conversion  of the  shares  of  Preferred  Stock  as  required
                  pursuant to the terms hereof.

                        iv. RESERVATION OF SHARES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION.  The
                  Corporation  covenants  that it will at all times  reserve and
                  keep available out of its  authorized  and unissued  shares of
                  Common  Stock   solely  for  the  purpose  of  issuance   upon
                  conversion of the Preferred  Stock and payment of dividends on
                  the  Preferred  Stock,  each as  herein  provided,  free  from
                  preemptive  rights or any  other  actual  contingent  purchase
                  rights of persons  other than the Holders,  not less than such
                  number of shares of the Common Stock as shall  (subject to any
                  additional  requirements  of the Corporation as to reservation
                  of  such  shares  set  forth  in the  Purchase  Agreement)  be
                  issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions
                  of Section 7) upon the conversion of all outstanding shares of
                  Preferred Stock. The Corporation  covenants that all shares of
                  Common Stock that shall be so issuable  shall,  upon issue, be
                  duly  and   validly   authorized,   issued  and  fully   paid,
                  nonassessable  and,  if  the  Conversion  Shares  Registration
                  Statement  is  then  effective   under  the  Securities   Act,
                  registered for public sale in accordance  with such Conversion
                  Shares Registration Statement.

                        v. FRACTIONAL SHARES. Upon a conversion  hereunder,  the
                  Corporation shall not be required to issue stock  certificates
                  representing fractions of shares of


                                       11
<PAGE>


                  the Common Stock, but may if otherwise permitted,  make a cash
                  payment in respect of any final  fraction  of a share based on
                  the Closing Price at such time. If the Corporation elects not,
                  or is unable, to make such a cash payment, the Holder shall be
                  entitled to receive, in lieu of the final fraction of a share,
                  one whole share of Common Stock.

                        vi.  TRANSFER TAXES.  The issuance of  certificates  for
                  shares of the  Common  Stock on  conversion  of the  Preferred
                  Stock shall be made without charge to the Holders  thereof for
                  any documentary  stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in
                  respect of the issue or delivery of such certificate, provided
                  that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that
                  may be  payable in respect  of any  transfer  involved  in the
                  issuance and delivery of any such  certificate upon conversion
                  in a name  other  than that of the  Holder  of such  shares of
                  Preferred Stock so converted and the Corporation  shall not be
                  required to issue or deliver such certificates unless or until
                  the person or persons  requesting  the issuance  thereof shall
                  have paid to the  Corporation  the amount of such tax or shall
                  have  established to the  satisfaction of the Corporation that
                  such tax has been paid.

                  SECTION 7.     CERTAIN ADJUSTMENTS.

                  a) STOCK DIVIDENDS AND STOCK SPLITS.  If the  Corporation,  at
         any time  while the  Preferred  Stock is  outstanding:  (A) shall pay a
         stock  dividend or otherwise make a distribution  or  distributions  on
         shares of its  Common  Stock or any other  equity or equity  equivalent
         securities  payable in shares of Common Stock (which,  for avoidance of
         doubt,  shall not  include  any  shares of Common  Stock  issued by the
         Corporation pursuant to this Preferred Sock), (B) subdivide outstanding
         shares of Common  Stock  into a larger  number of shares,  (C)  combine
         (including by way of reverse stock split)  outstanding shares of Common
         Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (D) issue by reclassification
         of  shares of the  Common  Stock any  shares  of  capital  stock of the
         Corporation,  then  the  Conversion  Price  shall  be  multiplied  by a
         fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common
         Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding before such event
         and of which the  denominator  shall be the  number of shares of Common
         Stock  outstanding  after such event.  Any adjustment  made pursuant to
         this Section shall become effective  immediately  after the record date
         for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend
         or  distribution  and  shall  become  effective  immediately  after the
         effective   date  in  the  case  of  a   subdivision,   combination  or
         re-classification.

                  b)  SUBSEQUENT   EQUITY  SALES.  If  the  Corporation  or  any
         Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while Preferred Stock is
         outstanding,  shall offer, sell, grant any option to purchase or offer,
         sell or grant any right to reprice its securities, or otherwise dispose
         of or issue  (or  announce  any  offer,  sale,  grant or any  option to
         purchase  or  other  disposition)  any  Common  Stock or  Common  Stock
         Equivalents  entitling any Person to acquire shares of Common Stock, at
         an effective price per share less than the then Conversion  Price (such
         lower price, the "BASE SHARE PRICE" and such issuances collectively,  a
         "DILUTIVE  ISSUANCE"),  as  adjusted  hereunder  (if the  holder of the
         Common


                                       12
<PAGE>

         Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time,  whether
         by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions,  floating
         conversion,  exercise  or  exchange  prices  or  otherwise,  or  due to
         warrants,  options  or rights per share  which is issued in  connection
         with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an
         effective price per share which is less than the Conversion Price, such
         issuance  shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion
         Price),  then the Conversion Price shall be reduced to a price equal to
         the Base Share  Price.  Such  adjustment  shall be made  whenever  such
         Common Stock or Common Stock  Equivalents  are issued.  The Corporation
         shall  notify the Holder in  writing,  no later than the  Business  Day
         following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock  Equivalents
         subject to this section,  indicating  therein the  applicable  issuance
         price, or of applicable reset price,  exchange price,  conversion price
         and other pricing terms (such notice,  the "Dilutive Issuance Notice").
         For purposes of clarification,  whether or not the Corporation provides
         a Dilutive  Issuance  Notice  pursuant to this Section  7(b),  upon the
         occurrence  of any Dilutive  Issuance,  after the date of such Dilutive
         Issuance  the  Holder is  entitled  to  receive a number of  Conversion
         Shares based upon the Base Share Price regardless of whether the Holder
         accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Notice of Conversion.

                  c) SUBSEQUENT  RIGHTS  OFFERINGS.  If the Corporation,  at any
         time while the  Preferred  Stock is  outstanding,  shall issue  rights,
         options or warrants to all holders of Common Stock (and not to Holders)
         entitling them to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock at a
         price  per  share  less  than  the  Closing  Price at the  record  date
         mentioned  below,  then the  Conversion  Price shall be multiplied by a
         fraction, of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of the
         Common  Stock  Outstanding  on the date of  issuance  of such rights or
         warrants plus the number of  additional  shares of Common Stock offered
         for  subscription or purchase,  and of which the numerator shall be the
         number  of  shares  of the  Common  Stock  Outstanding  on the  date of
         issuance of such rights or warrants plus the number of shares which the
         aggregate  offering  price of the total  number  of  shares so  offered
         (assuming  receipt  by the  Corporation  in full  of all  consideration
         payable  upon  exercise  of such  rights,  options or  warrants)  would
         purchase at such Closing Price.  Such adjustment shall be made whenever
         such  rights  or  warrants  are  issued,  and  shall  become  effective
         immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders
         entitled to receive such rights, options or warrants.

                  d) PRO RATA  DISTRIBUTIONS.  If the  Corporation,  at any time
         while Preferred Stock is outstanding,  shall  distribute to all holders
         of Common Stock (and not to Holders)  evidences of its  indebtedness or
         assets or rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any security,
         then in each such case the  Conversion  Price  shall be  determined  by
         multiplying  such Conversion Price in effect  immediately  prior to the
         record date fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to receive
         such  distribution by a fraction of which the denominator  shall be the
         Closing Price  determined as of the record date mentioned above, and of
         which the  numerator  shall be such  Closing  Price on such record date
         less the then fair  market  value at such record date of the portion of
         such assets or evidence of  indebtedness  so distributed  applicable to
         one outstanding share of the Common Stock as determined by the Board of
         Directors  in good  faith.  In  either  case the  adjustments  shall

                                       13
<PAGE>


         be described  in a statement  provided to the Holders of the portion of
         assets or evidences of indebtedness so distributed or such subscription
         rights  applicable to one share of Common Stock.  Such adjustment shall
         be made  whenever  any  such  distribution  is made  and  shall  become
         effective immediately after the record date mentioned above.

                  e) CALCULATIONS.  All calculations  under this Section 7 shall
         be made to the nearest cent or the nearest  1/100th of a share,  as the
         case may be. The number of shares of Common  Stock  outstanding  at any
         given time shall not include shares owned or held by or for the account
         of the  Corporation,  and the  description of any such shares of Common
         Stock  shall  be  considered  on  issue or sale of  Common  Stock.  For
         purposes of this Section 7, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed
         to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
         number of shares of Common Stock (excluding  treasury  shares,  if any)
         issued and outstanding.


                  f)    NOTICE TO HOLDERS.

                        i.   ADJUSTMENT  TO  CONVERSION   PRICE.   Whenever  the
                  Conversion  Price is adjusted  pursuant to any of this Section
                  7, the Corporation shall promptly mail to each Holder a notice
                  setting forth the Conversion  Price after such  adjustment and
                  setting forth a brief  statement of the facts  requiring  such
                  adjustment.   If  the  Corporation   issues  a  variable  rate
                  security,  despite  the  prohibition  thereon in the  Purchase
                  Agreement,  the  Corporation  shall be deemed  to have  issued
                  Common  Stock  or  Common  Stock  Equivalents  at  the  lowest
                  possible conversion or exercise price at which such securities
                  may be converted  or exercised in the case of a Variable  Rate
                  Transaction  (as defined in the  Purchase  Agreement),  or the
                  lowest  possible  adjustment  price  in  the  case  of an  MFN
                  Transaction.   The  term  "MFN   TRANSACTION"   shall  mean  a
                  transaction  in which  the  Corporation  issues  or sells  any
                  securities  in a  capital  raising  transaction  or  series of
                  related  transactions which grants to an investor the right to
                  receive  additional  shares based upon future  transactions of
                  the  Corporation on terms more favorable than those granted to
                  such investor in such  offering  (but not including  customary
                  anti-dilution   provisions   that  adjust  the  conversion  or
                  exercise price of outstanding securities).

                        ii.  NOTICE TO ALLOW  CONVERSION  BY HOLDER.  If (A) the
                  Corporation   shall   declare   a   dividend   (or  any  other
                  distribution) on the Common Stock;  (B) the Corporation  shall
                  declare  a  special   nonrecurring   cash  dividend  on  or  a
                  redemption  of the Common  Stock;  (C) the  Corporation  shall
                  authorize  the  granting  to all  holders of the Common  Stock
                  rights or warrants to subscribe  for or purchase any shares of
                  capital stock of any class or of any rights;  (D) the approval
                  of any  stockholders of the  Corporation  shall be required in
                  connection with any  reclassification of the Common Stock, any
                  consolidation  or merger to which the  Corporation is a party,
                  any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets
                  of the  Corporation,  of any compulsory share exchange whereby
                  the Common Stock is converted into other  securities,  cash or
                  property; (E) the Corporation shall authorize the voluntary or
                  involuntary  dissolution,  liquidation  or  winding  up


                                       14

<PAGE>

                  of the affairs of the  Corporation;  then,  in each case,  the
                  Corporation  shall  cause to be filed at each office or agency
                  maintained  for the  purpose of  conversion  of the  Preferred
                  Stock,  and shall  cause to be mailed to the  Holders at their
                  last  addresses  as they shall  appear upon the stock books of
                  the  Corporation,  at  least  20  calendar  days  prior to the
                  applicable record or effective date hereinafter  specified,  a
                  notice  stating  (x) the date on which a record is to be taken
                  for the purpose of such  dividend,  distribution,  redemption,
                  rights or  warrants,  or if a record  is not to be taken,  the
                  date as of which the holders of the Common  Stock of record to
                  be  entitled  to  such  dividend,  distributions,  redemption,
                  rights or  warrants  are to be  determined  or (y) the date on
                  which  such  reclassification,  consolidation,  merger,  sale,
                  transfer or share exchange is expected to become  effective or
                  close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of
                  the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their
                  shares  of the  Common  Stock  for  securities,  cash or other
                  property     deliverable    upon    such     reclassification,
                  consolidation,  merger,  sale,  transfer  or  share  exchange;
                  PROVIDED,  that the  failure to mail such notice or any defect
                  therein  or in  the  mailing  thereof  shall  not  affect  the
                  validity of the corporate  action  required to be specified in
                  such notice.  Holders are  entitled to convert the  Conversion
                  Amount of Preferred Stock during the 20-day period  commencing
                  the date of such  notice  to the  effective  date of the event
                  triggering such notice.

                        iii. FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION. If, at any time while this
                  Preferred  Stock is outstanding,  (A) the Corporation  effects
                  any merger or  consolidation  of the Corporation  with or into
                  another Person,  (B) the Corporation  effects any sale of more
                  than  50%  of  its  assets  in  one  or a  series  of  related
                  transactions,  (C) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether
                  by the Corporation or another Person) is completed pursuant to
                  which  holders  of  Common  Stock are  permitted  to tender or
                  exchange their shares for other securities,  cash or property,
                  or (D) the  Corporation  effects any  reclassification  of the
                  Common  Stock or any  compulsory  share  exchange  pursuant to
                  which  the  Common  Stock  is  effectively  converted  into or
                  exchanged for other securities,  cash or property (in any such
                  case, a "FUNDAMENTAL  TRANSACTION"),  then upon any subsequent
                  conversion of this Preferred  Stock, the Holder shall have the
                  right to receive,  for each  Conversion  Share that would have
                  been issuable  upon such  conversion  absent such  Fundamental
                  Transaction,  the same kind and amount of securities,  cash or
                  property as it would have been  entitled  to receive  upon the
                  occurrence  of such  Fundamental  Transaction  if it had been,
                  immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction,  the holder
                  of one share of Common Stock (the "ALTERNATE  Consideration").
                  For purposes of any such conversion,  the determination of the
                  Conversion Price shall be  appropriately  adjusted to apply to
                  such Alternate  Consideration based on the amount of Alternate
                  Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock
                  in such  Fundamental  Transaction,  and the Corporation  shall
                  apportion   the   Conversion   Price   among   the   Alternate
                  Consideration in a reasonable  manner  reflecting the relative
                  value   of  any   different   components   of  the   Alternate
                  Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice
                  as to the  securities,  cash or  property  to be received in a
                  Fundamental  Transaction,  then the Holder  shall be


                                       15
<PAGE>


                  given the same  choice as to the  Alternate  Consideration  it
                  receives upon any conversion of this Preferred Stock following
                  such  Fundamental  Transaction.  To the  extent  necessary  to
                  effectuate  the  foregoing  provisions,  any  successor to the
                  Corporation   or   surviving   entity   in  such   Fundamental
                  Transaction  shall file a new Certificate of Designation  with
                  the same  terms and  conditions  and issue to the  Holder  new
                  preferred stock  consistent with the foregoing  provisions and
                  evidencing the Holder's right to convert such preferred  stock
                  into  Alternate  Consideration.  The  terms  of any  agreement
                  pursuant to which a Fundamental  Transaction is effected shall
                  include terms requiring any such successor or surviving entity
                  to comply with the provisions of this  paragraph  (f)(iii) and
                  insuring that this  Preferred  Stock (or any such  replacement
                  security)  will be  similarly  adjusted  upon  any  subsequent
                  transaction analogous to a Fundamental Transaction.

                        iv. EXEMPT ISSUANCE.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  no
                  adjustment  will be made under this Section 7 in respect of an
                  Exempt Issuance.

                  SECTION 8.  REDEMPTION.

                  a) FIVE  YEAR  REDEMPTION.  On the  fifth  anniversary  of the
         Original Issue Date (the "FIVE YEAR REDEMPTION  DATE"), the Corporation
         shall redeem all of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, for
         an amount in cash or, if the  Equity  Conditions  are met during the 30
         days prior to and on the Five Year  Redemption Date and at the election
         of the Corporation,  in shares of Common Stock,  equal to the Five Year
         Redemption Amount (such redemption,  the "FIVE YEAR  REDEMPTION").  The
         Corporation  covenants  and agrees  that it will  honor all  Notices of
         Conversion  tendered  up  until  such  amounts  are  paid in  full.

                  b) REDEMPTION  PROCEDURE.  The payment of cash or Common Stock
         pursuant  to a Five  Year  Redemption  shall be made on the  Five  Year
         Redemption  Date.  If the  Corporation  elects  to pay  the  Five  Year
         Redemption  Amount in shares of  Common  Stock,  such  shares of Common
         Stock shall be valued  solely for such purpose at 90% of the average of
         the 30 Closing  Prices  immediately  prior to the Five Year  Redemption
         Date.  If any  portion of the cash or Common  Stock  payment for a Five
         Year Redemption  shall not be paid by the Corporation by the respective
         due date,  interest  shall accrue  thereon at the rate of 18% per annum
         (or the maximum rate  permitted by applicable  law,  whichever is less)
         until the such  payment,  plus all amounts  owing  thereon,  is paid in
         full.

                  c)  OPTIONAL  REDEMPTION.  Subject to the  provisions  of this
         Section  8(c), at any time prior to the Five Year  Redemption  Date the
         Corporation   may  deliver  a  notice  to  the  Holders  (an  "Optional
         Redemption  Notice"  and the  date  such  notice  is  deemed  delivered
         hereunder,  the "Optional  Redemption  Notice Date") of its irrevocable
         election  to redeem on the 30th  Trading  Day  following  the  Optional
         Redemption  Notice Date (such date, the "Optional  Redemption Date" and
         such redemption,  the "Optional  Redemption") all or a part of the then
         outstanding  Preferred  Stock,  for an  amount,  in

                                       16

<PAGE>



         cash, equal to the Optional  Redemption Amount. The Optional Redemption
         Amount is due in full on the Optional  Redemption Date. The Corporation
         may only tender an Optional  Redemption Notice if during the 20-Trading
         Day period  prior to the  Optional  Redemption  Notice Date through the
         Optional Redemption Date, each of the Equity Conditions shall have been
         met. If any of the Equity Conditions shall cease to be satisfied at any
         time during the required  period,  then the Holder may elect to nullify
         the Optional  Redemption  Notice by notice to the Corporation  within 3
         Trading Days after the first day on which any such Equity Condition has
         not been met  (provided  that if,  by a  provision  of the  Transaction
         Documents  the  Corporation  is  obligated  to notify the Holder of the
         non-existence  of an Equity  Condition,  such  notice  period  shall be
         extended  to the  third  Trading  Day  after  proper  notice  from  the
         Corporation) in which case the Optional Redemption Notice shall be null
         and void, ab initio. Any election by the Corporation under this Section
         8(c) shall be done on a pro rata basis with  respect to all of the then
         outstanding  shares of  Preferred  Stock.  If any  portion  of the cash
         payment for an Optional  Redemption pursuant to this Section 8(c) shall
         not be paid by the  Corporation by the  respective  due date,  interest
         shall accrue  thereon at the rate of 18% per annum (or the maximum rate
         permitted by  applicable  law,  whichever is less) until such  payment,
         plus all amounts owing thereon, is paid in full.

                  SECTION 9.   REDEMPTION UPON TRIGGERING EVENTS.

                  a)  "TRIGGERING  EVENT" means any one or more of the following
         events  (whatever  the reason  and  whether  it shall be  voluntary  or
         involuntary  or  effected  by  operation  of  law  or  pursuant  to any
         judgment,  decree  or  order  of any  court,  or  any  order,  rule  or
         regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

                        i.  the  failure  of a  Conversion  Shares  Registration
                  Statement  to be declared  effective by the  Commission  on or
                  prior to the 180th day after the Original Issue Date;

                        ii.   if,   during   the   Effectiveness   Period,   the
                  effectiveness of the Conversion Shares Registration  Statement
                  lapses  for  any  reason  for  more  than an  aggregate  of 25
                  calendar days (which need not be consecutive  days) during any
                  12 month  period,  or the  Holder  shall not be  permitted  to
                  resell  Registrable  Securities  under the  Conversion  Shares
                  Registration  Statement  for  more  than  an  aggregate  of 25
                  calendar days (which need not be consecutive  days) during any
                  12 month period;

                        iii. the Corporation shall fail to deliver  certificates
                  representing  Conversion  Shares  issuable  upon a  conversion
                  hereunder that comply with the provisions  hereof prior to the
                  5th Trading Day after such shares are required to be delivered
                  hereunder,  or the Corporation shall provide written notice to
                  any Holder,  including by way of public  announcement,  at any
                  time,  of  its  intention  not to  comply  with  requests  for
                  conversion of any shares of Preferred Stock in accordance with
                  the terms hereof;


                                       17
<PAGE>


                        iv. one of the Events  (as  defined in the  Registration
                  Rights Agreement)  described in subsections (i), (ii) or (iii)
                  of Section 2(b) of the Registration Rights Agreement shall not
                  have been cured to the  satisfaction  of the Holders  prior to
                  the  expiration  of 30 days from the Event Date (as defined in
                  the  Registration  Rights  Agreement)  relating thereto (other
                  than an Event resulting from a failure of a Conversion  Shares
                  Registration   Statement  to  be  declared  effective  by  the
                  Commission  on or prior to the 180th  day  after the  Original
                  Issue Date, which shall be covered by Section 9(a)(i));

                        v. the  Corporation  shall fail for any reason to pay in
                  full the amount of cash due pursuant to a Buy-In within 5 days
                  after notice therefor is delivered  hereunder or shall fail to
                  pay all amounts  owed on account of an Event  within five days
                  of the date due;

                        vi.  the  Corporation  shall  fail to have  available  a
                  sufficient  number  of  authorized  and  unreserved  shares of
                  Common  Stock  to  issue  to  such  Holder  upon a  conversion
                  hereunder;

                        vii.  the  Corporation  shall fail to observe or perform
                  any other  covenant,  agreement or warranty  contained  in, or
                  otherwise commit any breach of the Transaction Documents,  and
                  such   failure  or  breach   shall  not,  if  subject  to  the
                  possibility of a cure by the  Corporation,  have been remedied
                  within 30 calendar days after the date on which written notice
                  of such failure or breach shall have been given;

                        viii.  the  Corporation  shall  redeem  more  than  a de
                  minimis number of Junior Securities;

                        ix. there shall have occurred a Bankruptcy Event;

                        x. the  Corporation  shall enter into an agreement  that
                  provides for a Change of Control or Fundamental Transaction or
                  a Change of Control or Fundamental Transaction shall otherwise
                  occur; or

                        xi.  Common  Stock shall fail to be listed or quoted for
                  trading  on a Trading  Market  for more  than 5 Trading  Days,
                  which need not be consecutive Trading Days.

                  b) Upon the  occurrence  of a  Triggering  Event,  each Holder
         shall (in addition to all other  rights it may have  hereunder or under
         applicable law) have the right,  exercisable at the sole option of such
         Holder,  to  require  the  Corporation  to,  (i)  with  respect  to the
         Triggering Events set forth in Sections 9(a)(iii),  (v), (vii), (ix)(as
         to voluntary  filings only) or (x),  redeem all of the Preferred  Stock
         then held by such Holder for a redemption  price, in cash, equal to the
         Triggering  Redemption Amount; or, (ii) at


                                       18
<PAGE>


         the option of the Holder and with respect to the Triggering  Events set
         forth in  Sections  9(a)(i),  (ii),  (iv),  (vi),  (viii),  (ix)(as  to
         involuntary  filings  only)  and (xi),  either  (A)  redeem  all of the
         Preferred  Stock then held by such Holder for a  redemption  price,  in
         shares of  Common  Stock,  equal to a number of shares of Common  Stock
         equal to the Triggering Redemption Amount divided by 75% of the average
         of the 10  Closing  Prices  immediately  prior to the date of  election
         hereunder  or (B)  increase  the  dividend  on  all of the  outstanding
         Preferred Stock held by such Holder to equal 18% per annum  thereafter.
         The Triggering Redemption Amount, if in cash or in shares, shall be due
         and payable or issuable,  as the case may be,  within 5 Trading Days of
         the date on which the notice for the payment  therefor is provided by a
         Holder.  If the  Corporation  fails  to pay the  Triggering  Redemption
         Amount  hereunder  in full  pursuant  to this  Section on the date such
         amount is due in  accordance  with  this  Section  (whether  in cash or
         shares of Common Stock), the Corporation will pay interest thereon at a
         rate of 18% per annum (or such lesser  amount  permitted by  applicable
         law),  accruing  daily from such date until the  Triggering  Redemption
         Amount,  plus all such interest thereon,  is paid in full. For purposes
         of this Section,  a share of Preferred Stock is outstanding  until such
         date  as the  Holder  shall  have  received  Conversion  Shares  upon a
         conversion   (or   attempted   conversion)   thereof   that  meets  the
         requirements  hereof or has been paid the Triggering  Redemption Amount
         plus all  accrued  but  unpaid  dividends  and all  accrued  but unpaid
         liquidated damages in cash.

                  SECTION 10.    MISCELLANEOUS.

                  a)  NOTICES.  Any and all notices or other  communications  or
         deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder,  including, without
         limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered
         personally,  by facsimile,  sent by a nationally  recognized  overnight
         courier service, addressed to the Corporation, at the address set forth
         above,  facsimile number (604) 205-3984,  ATTN: NICHOLAS MILLER or such
         other address or facsimile  number as the  Corporation  may specify for
         such  purposes by notice to the Holders  delivered in  accordance  with
         this Section. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
         to be provided  by the  Corporation  hereunder  shall be in writing and
         delivered  personally,  by facsimile,  sent by a nationally  recognized
         overnight  courier  service  addressed to each Holder at the  facsimile
         telephone  number or address of such Holder  appearing  on the books of
         the  Corporation,  or if no such facsimile  telephone number or address
         appears,  at the principal place of business of the Holder.  Any notice
         or other  communication  or deliveries  hereunder shall be deemed given
         and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission,  if such
         notice or  communication  is delivered  via  facsimile at the facsimile
         telephone number specified in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York
         City  time),  (ii) the date  after  the date of  transmission,  if such
         notice or  communication  is delivered  via  facsimile at the facsimile
         telephone  number  specified in this Section  later than 5:30 p.m. (New
         York City time) on any date and earlier than 11:59 p.m.  (New York City
         time) on such date, (iii) the second Business Day following the date of
         mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service, or
         (iv) upon  actual  receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
         to be given.


                                       19
<PAGE>


                  b) ABSOLUTE  OBLIGATION.  Except as expressly provided herein,
         no provision of this  Certificate of Designation  shall alter or impair
         the obligation of the Corporation, which is absolute and unconditional,
         to pay the  liquidated  damages  (if any) on, the  shares of  Preferred
         Stock at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein
         prescribed.

                  c)  LOST  OR  MUTILATED  PREFERRED  STOCK  CERTIFICATE.  If  a
         Holder's  Preferred Stock certificate shall be mutilated,  lost, stolen
         or destroyed,  the Corporation  shall execute and deliver,  in exchange
         and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated  certificate,
         or in  lieu  of or in  substitution  for a lost,  stolen  or  destroyed
         certificate,  a new  certificate  for the shares of Preferred  Stock so
         mutilated,  lost, stolen or destroyed but only upon receipt of evidence
         of such loss,  theft or  destruction  of such  certificate,  and of the
         ownership  hereof,   and  indemnity,   if  requested,   all  reasonably
         satisfactory to the Corporation.

                  d) GOVERNING LAW. All questions  concerning the  construction,
         validity,   enforcement  and  interpretation  of  this  Certificate  of
         Designation  shall  be  governed  by  and  construed  and  enforced  in
         accordance  with the  internal  laws of the State of New York,  without
         regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees
         that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations,  enforcement
         and defense of the transactions  contemplated by any of the Transaction
         Documents  (whether  brought  against a party hereto or its  respective
         affiliates,  directors,  officers,  shareholders,  employees or agents)
         shall be commenced in the state and federal  courts sitting in the City
         of New York,  Borough of Manhattan (the "NEW YORK COURTS").  Each party
         hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive  jurisdiction of the
         New York Courts for the  adjudication  of any dispute  hereunder  or in
         connection  herewith  or with any  transaction  contemplated  hereby or
         discussed  herein  (including with respect to the enforcement of any of
         the Transaction  Documents),  and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees
         not to assert in any suit,  action or proceeding,  any claim that it is
         not personally  subject to the  jurisdiction of any such court, or such
         New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding.
         Each party hereby  irrevocably  waives personal  service of process and
         consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
         by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight
         delivery  (with  evidence of  delivery) to such party at the address in
         effect for  notices to it under this  Certificate  of  Designation  and
         agrees that such service shall  constitute good and sufficient  service
         of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed
         to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner  permitted
         by law. Each party hereto  hereby  irrevocably  waives,  to the fullest
         extent  permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury
         in any legal proceeding  arising out of or relating to this Certificate
         of Designation or the transactions contemplated hereby. If either party
         shall  commence an action or  proceeding  to enforce any  provisions of
         this  Certificate of  Designation,  then the  prevailing  party in such
         action or  proceeding  shall be  reimbursed  by the other party for its
         attorneys  fees  and  other  costs  and  expenses   incurred  with  the
         investigation,   preparation   and   prosecution   of  such  action  or
         proceeding.

                                       20

<PAGE>


                  e) WAIVER.  Any waiver by the  Corporation  or the Holder of a
         breach of any provision of this  Certificate of  Designation  shall not
         operate as or be  construed  to be a waiver of any other breach of such
         provision or of any breach of any other  provision of this  Certificate
         of Designation.  The failure of the Corporation or the Holder to insist
         upon strict adherence to any term of this Certificate of Designation on
         one or more occasions  shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that
         party of the right  thereafter to insist upon strict  adherence to that
         term or any other term of this  Certificate of Designation.  Any waiver
         must be in writing.

                  f)  SEVERABILITY.  If any  provision  of this  Certificate  of
         Designation is invalid,  illegal or unenforceable,  the balance of this
         Certificate of Designation shall remain in effect, and if any provision
         is inapplicable to any person or  circumstance,  it shall  nevertheless
         remain applicable to all other persons and  circumstances.  If it shall
         be found  that  any  interest  or  other  amount  deemed  interest  due
         hereunder violates applicable laws governing usury, the applicable rate
         of interest due hereunder shall  automatically  be lowered to equal the
         maximum permitted rate of interest.

                  g) NEXT BUSINESS DAY. Whenever any payment or other obligation
         hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment
         shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

                  h) HEADINGS. The headings contained herein are for convenience
         only, do not constitute a part of this  Certificate of Designation  and
         shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.
                              *********************










                                       21


<PAGE>


                                     ANNEX A

                              NOTICE OF CONVERSION

       (TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER IN ORDER TO CONVERT SHARES
                               OF PREFERRED STOCK)

The  undersigned  hereby  elects to convert  the number of shares of Series B 5%
Convertible  Preferred Stock indicated  below,  into shares of common stock, par
value $0.001 per share (the "COMMON  STOCK"),  of Cirond  Corporation,  a Nevada
corporation (the  "CORPORATION"),  according to the conditions hereof, as of the
date  written  below.  If shares are to be issued in the name of a person  other
than  undersigned,  the  undersigned  will pay all transfer  taxes  payable with
respect  thereto and is delivering  herewith such  certificates  and opinions as
reasonably requested by the Corporation in accordance therewith.  No fee will be
charged to the Holder for any  conversion,  except for such transfer  taxes,  if
any.

Conversion calculations:

       Date to Effect Conversion:
                                 -----------------------------------------------

       Number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to Conversion:
                                                                     -----------

       Number of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted:
                                                           ---------------------

       Stated Value of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted:
                                                                 ---------------

       Number of shares of Common Stock to be Issued:
                                                     ---------------------------

       Applicable Conversion Price:

       ------------------------------------------------------

       Number of shares of Preferred Stock subsequent to Conversion:
                                                                    ------------

                                    [HOLDER]

                                    By:
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:
                                       Title:









                                       22

