











                                  EXHIBIT 10.3

                     FORM OF COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT




<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT C

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE
HAVE  BEEN  REGISTERED  WITH  THE  SECURITIES  AND  EXCHANGE  COMMISSION  OR THE
SECURITIES   COMMISSION  OF  ANY  STATE  IN  RELIANCE  UPON  AN  EXEMPTION  FROM
REGISTRATION  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OF 1933,  AS AMENDED  (THE  "SECURITIES
ACT"),  AND,  ACCORDINGLY,  MAY NOT BE OFFERED  OR SOLD  EXCEPT  PURSUANT  TO AN
EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
AVAILABLE  EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE  REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS  OF THE  SECURITIES  ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE  WITH  APPLICABLE  STATE
SECURITIES  LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO
SUCH  EFFECT,  THE  SUBSTANCE  OF WHICH SHALL BE  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE  TO THE
COMPANY.  THIS  SECURITY  AND THE  SECURITIES  ISSUABLE  UPON  EXERCISE  OF THIS
SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION  WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN  ACCOUNT OR OTHER
LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

                          COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

                To Purchase __________ Shares of Common Stock of

                               CIROND CORPORATION

         THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the "WARRANT")  certifies that, for
value received,  _____________ (the "HOLDER"),  is entitled,  upon the terms and
subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth,
at any time on or after the date hereof (the "INITIAL  EXERCISE DATE") and on or
prior to the close of business on the fifth  anniversary of the Initial Exercise
Date (the "TERMINATION DATE") but not thereafter,  to subscribe for and purchase
from Cirond  Corporation,  a Nevada  corporation (the  "COMPANY"),  up to ______
shares (the "WARRANT  SHARES") of Common Stock,  par value $0.001 per share,  of
the Company (the  "COMMON  STOCK").  The  purchase  price of one share of Common
Stock under this  Warrant  shall be equal to the Exercise  Price,  as defined in
Section 2(b).

         SECTION  1.  DEFINITIONS.  Capitalized  terms  used  and not  otherwise
defined  herein shall have the  meanings  set forth in that  certain  Securities
Purchase  Agreement (the "PURCHASE  AGREEMENT"),  dated December 22, 2004, among
the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

         SECTION 2.   EXERCISE.

                 a)  EXERCISE  OF  WARRANT.  Exercise  of  the  purchase  rights
         represented  by this  Warrant  may be made at any  time or  times on or
         after the Initial  Exercise Date and on or before the Termination  Date
         by  delivery to the Company of a duly  executed  facsimile  copy of the
         Notice of Exercise Form annexed  hereto (or such other office or agency
         of  the  Company  as it may  designate  by  notice  in  writing  to the
         registered  Holder at the address of such Holder appearing on the books
         of the Company);  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,



                                       1
<PAGE>


         within 5 Trading Days of the date  said Notice of Exercise is delivered
         to the Company,  the Holder shall have surrendered  this Warrant to the
         Company and the Company shall have  received  payment of  the aggregate
         Exercise Price  of  the  shares  thereby purchased  by wire transfer or
         cashier's  check drawn on a United States bank.

                 b) EXERCISE  PRICE.  The exercise price of each share of Common
         Stock  under  this  Warrant  shall  be  $0.55,  subject  to  adjustment
         hereunder (the "EXERCISE PRICE").

                 c)  CASHLESS  EXERCISE.  If at any time after one year from the
         date of issuance of this  Warrant  there is no  effective  Registration
         Statement  registering  the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder,
         then  this  Warrant  may also be  exercised  at such time by means of a
         "cashless  exercise" in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a
         certificate  for the number of  Warrant  Shares  equal to the  quotient
         obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

                   (A) = the  Closing  Price  on  the  Trading  Day  immediately
                         preceding the date of such election;

                   (B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted; and

                   (X) = the  number  of  Warrant Shares  issuable upon exercise
                         of this Warrant  in  accordance  with the terms of this
                         Warrant  by means  of a  cash  exercise  rather  than a
                         cashless exercise.

         Notwithstanding  anything  herein to the contrary,  on the  Termination
Date,  this Warrant  shall be  automatically  exercised  via  cashless  exercise
pursuant to this Section 2(c).


                 d)  EXERCISE  LIMITATIONS;  HOLDER'S  RESTRICTIONS.  The Holder
         shall not have the  right to  exercise  any  portion  of this  Warrant,
         pursuant to Section 2(c) or otherwise,  to the extent that after giving
         effect to such issuance after exercise,  the Holder  (together with the
         Holder's  affiliates),  as  set  forth  on  the  applicable  Notice  of
         Exercise,  would  beneficially  own in excess of 4.99% of the number of
         shares of the Common Stock outstanding  immediately after giving effect
         to such issuance. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of
         shares  of  Common  Stock  beneficially  owned  by the  Holder  and its
         affiliates  shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
         upon  exercise of this Warrant with respect to which the  determination
         of such sentence is being made,  but shall exclude the number of shares
         of Common  Stock  which  would be  issuable  upon (A)  exercise  of the
         remaining,  nonexercised  portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by
         the Holder or any of its  affiliates  and (B) exercise or conversion of
         the unexercised or nonconverted  portion of any other securities of the
         Company (including,  without  limitation,  any other Preferred Stock or
         Warrants)  subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise  analogous
         to the limitation  contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or
         any of its affiliates.  Except as set forth in the preceding  sentence,
         for  purposes  of this  Section  2(d),  beneficial  ownership  shall be
         calculated  in  accordance  with Section  13(d) of the Exchange Act, it
         being  acknowledged  by Holder that the Company is not  representing to
         Holder that such calculation is in


                                       2
<PAGE>


         compliance  with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Holder is solely
         responsible  for any  schedules  required  to be  filed  in  accordance
         therewith.  To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section
         2(d) applies,  the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable
         (in  relation to other  securities  owned by the Holder) and of which a
         portion of this Warrant is exercisable  shall be in the sole discretion
         of such Holder,  and the  submission  of a Notice of Exercise  shall be
         deemed to be such  Holder's  determination  of whether  this Warrant is
         exercisable (in relation to other  securities owned by such Holder) and
         of which portion of this Warrant is  exercisable,  in each case subject
         to such aggregate percentage limitation,  and the Company shall have no
         obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. For
         purposes of this Section 2(d), in determining the number of outstanding
         shares  of  Common  Stock,  the  Holder  may  rely  on  the  number  of
         outstanding  shares of Common Stock as  reflected in (x) the  Company's
         most recent Form 10-QSB or Form 10-KSB,  as the case may be, (y) a more
         recent  public  announcement  by the Company or (z) any other notice by
         the Company or the Company's Transfer Agent setting forth the number of
         shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of
         the Holder,  the Company  shall within two Trading Days confirm  orally
         and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common  Stock then
         outstanding.  In any case, the number of  outstanding  shares of Common
         Stock shall be  determined  after giving  effect to the  conversion  or
         exercise of securities of the Company,  including this Warrant,  by the
         Holder  or its  affiliates  since the date as of which  such  number of
         outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported.

                 e)    MECHANICS OF EXERCISE.

                           i.  AUTHORIZATION  OF  WARRANT  SHARES.  The  Company
                       covenants  that all  Warrant  Shares  which may be issued
                       upon the exercise of the purchase  rights  represented by
                       this Warrant will,  upon exercise of the purchase  rights
                       represented by this Warrant, be duly authorized,  validly
                       issued,  fully paid and  nonassessable  and free from all
                       taxes,  liens and charges in respect of the issue thereof
                       (other  than taxes in respect of any  transfer  occurring
                       contemporaneously with such issue). The Company covenants
                       that  during the period the  Warrant is  outstanding,  it
                       will reserve  from its  authorized  and  unissued  Common
                       Stock a  sufficient  number of shares to provide  for the
                       issuance of the Warrant  Shares upon the  exercise of any
                       purchase  rights under this Warrant.  The Company further
                       covenants   that  its  issuance  of  this  Warrant  shall
                       constitute full authority to its officers who are charged
                       with the duty of executing stock  certificates to execute
                       and  issue the  necessary  certificates  for the  Warrant
                       Shares upon the  exercise of the  purchase  rights  under
                       this Warrant.  The Company will take all such  reasonable
                       action as may be  necessary  to assure that such  Warrant
                       Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation
                       of  any  applicable   law  or   regulation,   or  of  any
                       requirements  of the Trading Market upon which the Common
                       Stock may be listed.

                           ii.   DELIVERY   OF   CERTIFICATES   UPON   EXERCISE.
                       Certificates  for  shares  purchased  hereunder  shall be
                       transmitted  by the transfer  agent of the Company to the
                       Holder by  crediting  the account of the  Holder's  prime



                                       3
<PAGE>


                       broker  with the  Depository  Trust  Company  through its
                       Deposit  Withdrawal Agent  Commission  ("DWAC") system if
                       the  Company  is  a  participant  in  such  system,   and
                       otherwise by physical  delivery to the address  specified
                       by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise  within 3 Trading
                       Days from the  delivery  to the  Company of the Notice of
                       Exercise  Form,  surrender of this Warrant and payment of
                       the aggregate Exercise Price as set forth above ("WARRANT
                       SHARE  DELIVERY  DATE").  This Warrant shall be deemed to
                       have been  exercised  on the date the  Exercise  Price is
                       received  by the  Company.  The Warrant  Shares  shall be
                       deemed  to have  been  issued,  and  Holder  or any other
                       person so  designated to be named therein shall be deemed
                       to have  become a holder of record of such shares for all
                       purposes,  as of the date the Warrant has been  exercised
                       by payment to the Company of the  Exercise  Price and all
                       taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant
                       to  Section  2(e)(vii)  prior  to the  issuance  of  such
                       shares, have been paid.

                           iii. DELIVERY OF NEW WARRANTS UPON EXERCISE.  If this
                       Warrant  shall have been  exercised in part,  the Company
                       shall,  at the time of  delivery  of the  certificate  or
                       certificates  representing  Warrant  Shares,  deliver  to
                       Holder a new Warrant  evidencing  the rights of Holder to
                       purchase the  unpurchased  Warrant  Shares  called for by
                       this  Warrant,  which  new  Warrant  shall  in all  other
                       respects be identical with this Warrant.

                           iv. RESCISSION  RIGHTS. If the Company fails to cause
                       its   transfer   agent  to   transmit  to  the  Holder  a
                       certificate  or  certificates  representing  the  Warrant
                       Shares  pursuant to this Section  2(e)(iv) by the Warrant
                       Share Delivery Date,  then the Holder will have the right
                       to rescind such exercise.

                           v.  BUY-IN  COMPENSATION.  In  addition  to any other
                       rights  available to the Holder,  if the Company fails to
                       cause its  transfer  agent to  transmit  to the  Holder a
                       certificate  or  certificates  representing  the  Warrant
                       Shares  pursuant  to an exercise on or before the Warrant
                       Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is
                       required  by its broker to  purchase  (in an open  market
                       transaction  or  otherwise)  shares  of  Common  Stock to
                       deliver  in  satisfaction  of a sale by the Holder of the
                       Warrant  Shares  which the Holder  anticipated  receiving
                       upon such exercise (a  "BUY-IN"),  then the Company shall
                       (1) pay in cash to the Holder the amount by which (x) the
                       Holder's  total  purchase  price   (including   brokerage
                       commissions,  if any) for the  shares of Common  Stock so
                       purchased  exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying
                       (A) the number of Warrant  Shares  that the  Company  was
                       required to deliver to the Holder in connection  with the
                       exercise  at issue  times (B) the price at which the sell
                       order  giving  rise  to  such  purchase   obligation  was
                       executed,  and (2) at the  option of the  Holder,  either
                       reinstate  the  portion  of the  Warrant  and  equivalent
                       number of Warrant  Shares for which such exercise was not
                       honored  or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of
                       Common  Stock that would have been


                                       4
<PAGE>


                       issued had the Company timely complied with its  exercise
                       and   delivery obligations  hereunder.  For  example,  if
                       the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase
                       price of  $11,000 to  cover a Buy-In  with  respect to an
                       attempted  exercise  of  shares  of  Common Stock with an
                       aggregate   sale  price   giving  rise to  such  purchase
                       obligation   of   $10,000,  under   clause  (1)  of   the
                       immediately  preceding  sentence  the  Company  shall  be
                       required  to  pay  the  Holder  $1,000. The Holder  shall
                       provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts
                       payable to the Holder in respect  of the Buy-In, together
                       with   applicable   confirmations  and   other   evidence
                       reasonably  requested  by  the  Company.  Nothing  herein
                       shall limit a Holder's right to pursue any other remedies
                       available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including,
                       without  limitation,  a  decree  of specific  performance
                       and/or injunctive relief with respect  to  the  Company's
                       failure  to  timely   deliver  certificates  representing
                       shares of Common  Stock  upon  exercise of the Warrant as
                       required pursuant to the terms hereof.

                           vi. NO  FRACTIONAL  SHARES OR  SCRIP.  No  fractional
                       shares or scrip  representing  fractional shares shall be
                       issued  upon  the  exercise  of this  Warrant.  As to any
                       fraction  of a share  which  Holder  would  otherwise  be
                       entitled  to  purchase  upon such  exercise,  the Company
                       shall pay a cash  adjustment  in  respect  of such  final
                       fraction in an amount equal to such  fraction  multiplied
                       by the Exercise Price.

                           vii.  CHARGES,   TAXES  AND  EXPENSES.   Issuance  of
                       certificates  for Warrant  Shares  shall be made  without
                       charge to the  Holder  for any issue or  transfer  tax or
                       other  incidental  expense in respect of the  issuance of
                       such  certificate,  all of which taxes and expenses shall
                       be paid by the Company,  and such  certificates  shall be
                       issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names
                       as may be directed by the Holder; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that
                       in the event  certificates  for Warrant  Shares are to be
                       issued in a name other than the name of the Holder,  this
                       Warrant   when   surrendered   for   exercise   shall  be
                       accompanied by the Assignment  Form attached  hereto duly
                       executed by the Holder; and the Company may require, as a
                       condition  thereto,  the payment of a sum  sufficient  to
                       reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto.

                           viii.  CLOSING OF BOOKS.  The Company  will not close
                       its  stockholder  books or records  in any  manner  which
                       prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to
                       the terms hereof.

         SECTION 3.   CERTAIN ADJUSTMENTS.

                 a) STOCK  DIVIDENDS  AND SPLITS.  If the  Company,  at any time
         while  this  Warrant  is  outstanding:  (A)  pays a stock  dividend  or
         otherwise make a distribution or  distributions on shares of its Common
         Stock or any other equity or equity  equivalent  securities  payable in
         shares  of Common  Stock  (which,  for  avoidance  of doubt,  shall not

                                       5
<PAGE>

         include any shares of Common  Stock  issued by the Company  pursuant to
         this Warrant), (B) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
         larger  number of shares,  (C)  combines  (including  by way of reverse
         stock split)  outstanding  shares of Common Stock into a smaller number
         of shares,  or (D) issues by  reclassification  of shares of the Common
         Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the
         Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator
         shall be the  number  of shares of  Common  Stock  (excluding  treasury
         shares,  if  any)  outstanding  before  such  event  and of  which  the
         denominator  shall be the number of shares of Common Stock  outstanding
         after such event and the number of shares  issuable  upon  exercise  of
         this Warrant shall be  proportionately  adjusted.  Any adjustment  made
         pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective  immediately after
         the record  date for the  determination  of  stockholders  entitled  to
         receive  such  dividend  or  distribution  and shall  become  effective
         immediately  after  the  effective  date in the case of a  subdivision,
         combination or re-classification.

                 b) SUBSEQUENT  EQUITY SALES.  If the Company or any  Subsidiary
         thereof, as applicable,  at any time while this Warrant is outstanding,
         shall offer, sell, grant any option to purchase or offer, sell or grant
         any right to reprice its securities,  or otherwise  dispose of or issue
         (or announce any offer,  sale, grant or any option to purchase or other
         disposition) any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents entitling any
         Person to acquire  shares of Common  Stock,  at an effective  price per
         share less than the then  Exercise  Price (such lower price,  the "BASE
         SHARE PRICE" and such issuances  collectively,  a "DILUTIVE ISSUANCE"),
         as  adjusted  hereunder  (if the holder of the  Common  Stock or Common
         Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time,  whether by operation of
         purchase price  adjustments,  reset  provisions,  floating  conversion,
         exercise or exchange prices or otherwise,  or due to warrants,  options
         or rights per share which is issued in connection  with such  issuance,
         be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per
         share which is less than the Exercise  Price,  such  issuance  shall be
         deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise  Price),  then,  the
         Exercise  Price  shall be  reduced  to a price  equal to the Base Share
         Price and the  number of Warrant  Shares  issuable  hereunder  shall be
         increased  such that the aggregate  Exercise  Price payable  hereunder,
         after taking into account the decrease in the Exercise Price,  shall be
         equal to the aggregate  Exercise Price prior to such  adjustment.  Such
         adjustment  shall be made  whenever  such Common  Stock or Common Stock
         Equivalents are issued. The Company shall notify the Holder in writing,
         no later than the  Trading  Day  following  the  issuance of any Common
         Stock or Common Stock Equivalents  subject to this section,  indicating
         therein the applicable  issuance price,  or of applicable  reset price,
         exchange price,  conversion  price and other pricing terms (such notice
         the "DILUTIVE ISSUANCE NOTICE"). For purposes of clarification, whether
         or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this
         Section 3(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive  Issuance,  after the
         date of such  Dilutive  Issuance  the Holder is  entitled  to receive a
         number of Warrant Shares based upon the Base Share Price  regardless of
         whether  the Holder  accurately  refers to the Base Share  Price in the
         Notice of Exercise.

                 c) PRO RATA DISTRIBUTIONS. If the Company, at any time prior to
         the Termination  Date,  shall distribute to all holders of Common Stock
         (and not to Holders of the Warrants)  evidences of its  indebtedness or
         assets or rights or warrants to subscribe  for


                                       6
<PAGE>

         or purchase  any  security  other than the Common Stock (which shall be
         subject to Section  3(b)),  then in each such case the  Exercise  Price
         shall  be  adjusted  by  multiplying   the  Exercise  Price  in  effect
         immediately  prior  to the  record  date  fixed  for  determination  of
         stockholders  entitled to receive  such  distribution  by a fraction of
         which the denominator  shall be the Closing Price  determined as of the
         record date mentioned  above,  and of which the numerator shall be such
         Closing  Price on such  record date less the then per share fair market
         value at such  record date of the portion of such assets or evidence of
         indebtedness so distributed  applicable to one outstanding share of the
         Common Stock as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith.  In
         either case the adjustments shall be described in a statement  provided
         to the Holders of the portion of assets or evidences of indebtedness so
         distributed  or such  subscription  rights  applicable  to one share of
         Common  Stock.   Such  adjustment  shall  be  made  whenever  any  such
         distribution is made and shall become effective  immediately  after the
         record date mentioned above.

                 d) CALCULATIONS. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be
         made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case
         may be. For  purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common
         Stock  outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of
         shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding.

                 e)    NOTICE TO HOLDERS.

                           i.  ADJUSTMENT  TO  EXERCISE   PRICE.   Whenever  the
                       Exercise  Price is adjusted  pursuant to this  Section 3,
                       the Company  shall  promptly mail to each Holder a notice
                       setting  forth the Exercise  Price after such  adjustment
                       and  setting  forth  a  brief   statement  of  the  facts
                       requiring  such  adjustment.  If  the  Company  issues  a
                       variable rate security,  despite the prohibition  thereon
                       in the Purchase Agreement, the Company shall be deemed to
                       have issued Common Stock or Common Stock  Equivalents  at
                       the lowest possible conversion or exercise price at which
                       such securities may be converted or exercised in the case
                       of  a  Variable  Rate  Transaction  (as  defined  in  the
                       Purchase Agreement).

                           ii.  NOTICE TO ALLOW  EXERCISE BY HOLDER.  If (A) the
                       Company   shall   declare  a   dividend   (or  any  other
                       distribution)  on the Common Stock; (B) the Company shall
                       declare  a special  nonrecurring  cash  dividend  on or a
                       redemption  of the Common  Stock;  (C) the Company  shall
                       authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock
                       rights or  warrants  to  subscribe  for or  purchase  any
                       shares of  capital  stock of any class or of any  rights;
                       (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall
                       be required in connection  with any  reclassification  of
                       the Common Stock,  any  consolidation  or merger to which
                       the  Company is a party,  any sale or  transfer of all or
                       substantially  all of the assets of the  Company,  of any
                       compulsory  share  exchange  whereby the Common  Stock is
                       converted into other  securities,  cash or property;  (E)
                       the Company shall  authorize the voluntary or involuntary
                       dissolution,  liquidation or winding up of the affairs of
                       the Company;  then, in each case, the Company shall cause
                       to be

                                       7
<PAGE>

                       mailed to the  Holder at its last  addresses  as it shall
                       appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least
                       20  calendar  days  prior  to the  applicable  record  or
                       effective date  hereinafter  specified,  a notice stating
                       (x) the  date on which a  record  is to be taken  for the
                       purpose  of  such  dividend,  distribution,   redemption,
                       rights  or  warrants,  or if a record is not to be taken,
                       the date as of which the  holders of the Common  Stock of
                       record to be  entitled to such  dividend,  distributions,
                       redemption,  rights or warrants are to be  determined  or
                       (y)   the   date   on   which   such    reclassification,
                       consolidation,  merger,  sale, transfer or share exchange
                       is expected to become effective or close, and the date as
                       of which it is expected  that holders of the Common Stock
                       of record  shall be entitled to exchange  their shares of
                       the Common Stock for  securities,  cash or other property
                       deliverable  upon such  reclassification,  consolidation,
                       merger, sale, transfer or share exchange;  PROVIDED, that
                       the failure to mail such notice or any defect  therein or
                       in the mailing  thereof  shall not affect the validity of
                       the  corporate  action  required to be  specified in such
                       notice.  The Holder is entitled to exercise  this Warrant
                       during  the  20-day  period  commencing  the date of such
                       notice to the effective date of the event triggering such
                       notice.

                 f) FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION.  If, at any time while this Warrant
         is outstanding,  (A) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of
         the Company with or into another  Person,  (B) the Company  effects any
         sale of all or  substantially  all of its  assets in one or a series of
         related  transactions,  (C) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether
         by the  Company  or  another  Person) is  completed  pursuant  to which
         holders  of Common  Stock are  permitted  to tender or  exchange  their
         shares  for other  securities,  cash or  property,  or (D) the  Company
         effects  any  reclassification  of the Common  Stock or any  compulsory
         share  exchange  pursuant  to which  the  Common  Stock is  effectively
         converted into or exchanged for other securities,  cash or property (in
         any such case, a "FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION"),  then, upon any subsequent
         conversion of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive,
         for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise
         absent such Fundamental  Transaction,  at the option of the Holder, (a)
         upon exercise of this Warrant,  the number of shares of Common Stock of
         the successor or acquiring  corporation or of the Company, if it is the
         surviving corporation,  and Alternate Consideration  receivable upon or
         as  a  result  of  such   reorganization,   reclassification,   merger,
         consolidation  or  disposition  of assets by a Holder of the  number of
         shares  of  Common  Stock  for  which  this   Warrant  is   exercisable
         immediately  prior to such event or (b) cash equal to the value of this
         Warrant as  determined  in  accordance  with the  Black-Scholes  option
         pricing  formula (the "ALTERNATE  CONSIDERATION").  For purposes of any
         such  exercise,  the  determination  of the  Exercise  Price  shall  be
         appropriately  adjusted to apply to such Alternate  Consideration based
         on the amount of  Alternate  Consideration  issuable  in respect of one
         share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,  and the Company
         shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in
         a reasonable  manner  reflecting  the relative  value of any  different
         components of the Alternate  Consideration.  If holders of Common Stock
         are  given any  choice as to the  securities,  cash or  property  to be
         received in a Fundamental  Transaction,  then the Holder shall be given
         the same choice as to the Alternate


                                       8
<PAGE>

         Consideration  it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant  following
         such Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the
         foregoing provisions,  any successor to the Company or surviving entity
         in such Fundamental Transaction shall issue to the Holder a new warrant
         consistent  with the foregoing  provisions  and evidencing the Holder's
         right to exercise such warrant into Alternate Consideration.  The terms
         of any  agreement  pursuant  to  which  a  Fundamental  Transaction  is
         effected shall include terms  requiring any such successor or surviving
         entity to comply with the provisions of this paragraph (f) and insuring
         that this Warrant (or any such replacement  security) will be similarly
         adjusted  upon any  subsequent  transaction  analogous to a Fundamental
         Transaction.

                 g)  EXEMPT   ISSUANCE.   Notwithstanding   the  foregoing,   no
         adjustments, Alternate Consideration nor notices shall be made, paid or
         issued under this Section 3 in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

                 h) VOLUNTARY ADJUSTMENT BY COMPANY. The Company may at any time
         during the term of this Warrant reduce the then current  Exercise Price
         to any  amount  and for any period of time  deemed  appropriate  by the
         Board of Directors of the Company.

         SECTION 4.  TRANSFER OF WARRANT.

                 a)  TRANSFERABILITY.  Subject to compliance with any applicable
         securities  laws and the conditions set forth in Sections 5(a) and 4(d)
         hereof and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase  Agreement,
         this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable,  in whole or in
         part,  upon  surrender of this Warrant at the  principal  office of the
         Company,   together   with  a  written   assignment   of  this  Warrant
         substantially  in the form attached  hereto duly executed by the Holder
         or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes
         payable upon the making of such  transfer.  Upon such surrender and, if
         required,  such  payment,  the Company  shall execute and deliver a new
         Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees and in the
         denomination   or   denominations   specified  in  such  instrument  of
         assignment,  and shall issue to the  assignor a new Warrant  evidencing
         the portion of this  Warrant not so assigned,  and this  Warrant  shall
         promptly  be  cancelled.  A  Warrant,  if  properly  assigned,  may  be
         exercised  by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant  Shares  without
         having a new Warrant issued.

                 b) NEW  WARRANTS.  This Warrant may be divided or combined with
         other Warrants upon presentation  hereof at the aforesaid office of the
         Company,  together  with a  written  notice  specifying  the  names and
         denominations  in which new  Warrants  are to be issued,  signed by the
         Holder or its agent or  attorney.  Subject to  compliance  with Section
         4(a),  as to any  transfer  which may be involved  in such  division or
         combination,  the  Company  shall  execute and deliver a new Warrant or
         Warrants  in  exchange  for the  Warrant or  Warrants  to be divided or
         combined in accordance with such notice.

                 c) WARRANT  REGISTER.  The Company shall register this Warrant,
         upon  records to be  maintained  by the Company for that  purpose  (the
         "WARRANT REGISTER"),  in the name of the record Holder hereof from time
         to time. The Company may deem and treat the  registered  Holder of this
         Warrant as the  absolute  owner  hereof for the purpose of any


                                       9
<PAGE>

         exercise hereof or any  distribution  to the Holder,  and for all other
         purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

                 d) TRANSFER  RESTRICTIONS.  If, at the time of the surrender of
         this  Warrant in  connection  with any  transfer of this  Warrant,  the
         transfer  of  this  Warrant  shall  not be  registered  pursuant  to an
         effective  registration  statement  under the  Securities Act and under
         applicable  state securities or blue sky laws, the Company may require,
         as a  condition  of  allowing  such  transfer  (i) that the  Holder  or
         transferee of this Warrant,  as the case may be, furnish to the Company
         a written opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance
         and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions)
         to the effect that such transfer may be made without registration under
         the Securities Act and under  applicable  state  securities or blue sky
         laws,  (ii) that the holder or  transferee  execute  and deliver to the
         Company an investment  letter in form and  substance  acceptable to the
         Company and (iii) that the  transferee be an  "accredited  investor" as
         defined  in  Rule  501(a)(1),   (a)(2),   (a)(3),   (a)(7),  or  (a)(8)
         promulgated under the Securities Act or a qualified institutional buyer
         as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

         SECTION 5.  MISCELLANEOUS.

                 a) TITLE TO WARRANT.  Prior to the Termination Date and subject
         to compliance with applicable laws and Section 4 of this Warrant,  this
         Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part,
         at the  office or agency of the  Company  by the Holder in person or by
         duly authorized attorney,  upon surrender of this Warrant together with
         the Assignment  Form annexed hereto properly  endorsed.  The transferee
         shall  sign an  investment  letter  in form  and  substance  reasonably
         satisfactory to the Company.

                 b) NO RIGHTS AS SHAREHOLDER  UNTIL EXERCISE.  This Warrant does
         not  entitle  the  Holder to any  voting  rights  or other  rights as a
         shareholder  of the  Company  prior to the  exercise  hereof.  Upon the
         surrender  of this  Warrant and the payment of the  aggregate  Exercise
         Price  (or by means of a  cashless  exercise),  the  Warrant  Shares so
         purchased  shall be and be deemed  to be  issued to such  Holder as the
         record owner of such shares as of the close of business on the later of
         the date of such surrender or payment.

                 c) LOSS,  THEFT,  DESTRUCTION  OR  MUTILATION  OF WARRANT.  The
         Company  covenants  that  upon  receipt  by  the  Company  of  evidence
         reasonably  satisfactory  to it of  the  loss,  theft,  destruction  or
         mutilation  of this  Warrant or any stock  certificate  relating to the
         Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity
         or security  reasonably  satisfactory to it (which,  in the case of the
         Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender
         and  cancellation of such Warrant or stock  certificate,  if mutilated,
         the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of
         like tenor and dated as of such  cancellation,  in lieu of such Warrant
         or stock certificate.

                 d) SATURDAYS,  SUNDAYS, HOLIDAYS, ETC. If the last or appointed
         day for  the  taking  of any  action  or the  expiration  of any  right
         required  or  granted  herein  shall be a  Saturday,  Sunday or a legal
         holiday,  then such action may be taken or such right may be  exercised
         on the next succeeding day not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday.


                                       10
<PAGE>

                 e) AUTHORIZED SHARES.

                           The  Company  covenants  that  during  the period the
                  Warrant is  outstanding,  it will reserve from its  authorized
                  and unissued  Common  Stock a  sufficient  number of shares to
                  provide  for the  issuance  of the  Warrant  Shares  upon  the
                  exercise  of any  purchase  rights  under  this  Warrant.  The
                  Company  further  covenants  that its issuance of this Warrant
                  shall  constitute  full  authority  to its  officers  who  are
                  charged  with  the duty of  executing  stock  certificates  to
                  execute and issue the necessary  certificates  for the Warrant
                  Shares upon the  exercise of the  purchase  rights  under this
                  Warrant.  The Company will take all such reasonable  action as
                  may be  necessary  to assure that such  Warrant  Shares may be
                  issued as provided herein without  violation of any applicable
                  law or  regulation,  or of  any  requirements  of the  Trading
                  Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed.

                           Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by
                  the Holder,  the Company  shall not by any action,  including,
                  without limitation,  amending its certificate of incorporation
                  or   through   any   reorganization,   transfer   of   assets,
                  consolidation,   merger,   dissolution,   issue   or  sale  of
                  securities  or any other  voluntary  action,  avoid or seek to
                  avoid the  observance  or  performance  of any of the terms of
                  this  Warrant,  but will at all times in good faith  assist in
                  the  carrying  out of all such  terms and in the taking of all
                  such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the
                  rights  of  Holder  as  set  forth  in  this  Warrant  against
                  impairment.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
                  the Company will (a) not increase the par value of any Warrant
                  Shares above the amount  payable  therefor  upon such exercise
                  immediately  prior to such increase in par value, (b) take all
                  such action as may be necessary or  appropriate  in order that
                  the  Company  may  validly  and  legally  issue fully paid and
                  nonassessable   Warrant  Shares  upon  the  exercise  of  this
                  Warrant, and (c) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
                  all  such  authorizations,  exemptions  or  consents  from any
                  public regulatory body having  jurisdiction  thereof as may be
                  necessary  to enable the  Company to perform  its  obligations
                  under this Warrant.

                           Before  taking any action  which  would  result in an
                  adjustment  in the  number of  Warrant  Shares  for which this
                  Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise  Price,  the Company
                  shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or
                  consents  thereto,   as  may  be  necessary  from  any  public
                  regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

                 f)  JURISDICTION.  All questions  concerning the  construction,
         validity,  enforcement  and  interpretation  of this  Warrant  shall be
         determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

                 g)  RESTRICTIONS.  The  Holder  acknowledges  that the  Warrant
         Shares  acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant,  if not registered,
         will  have  restrictions  upon  resale  imposed  by state  and  federal
         securities laws.

                                       11
<PAGE>

                 h) NONWAIVER AND EXPENSES. No course of dealing or any delay or
         failure to exercise  any right  hereunder  on the part of Holder  shall
         operate  as a waiver  of such  right or  otherwise  prejudice  Holder's
         rights,  powers or remedies,  notwithstanding  the fact that all rights
         hereunder  terminate on the Termination  Date. If the Company willfully
         and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which
         results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to
         Holder  such  amounts  as shall be  sufficient  to cover  any costs and
         expenses  including,  but not limited to,  reasonable  attorneys' fees,
         including  those  of  appellate  proceedings,  incurred  by  Holder  in
         collecting  any amounts due pursuant  hereto or in otherwise  enforcing
         any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

                 i) NOTICES.  Any notice,  request or other document required or
         permitted to be given or  delivered to the Holder by the Company  shall
         be delivered in accordance  with the notice  provisions of the Purchase
         Agreement.

                 j) LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. No provision hereof, in the absence
         of any  affirmative  action by  Holder  to  exercise  this  Warrant  or
         purchase  Warrant  Shares,  and no enumeration  herein of the rights or
         privileges  of Holder,  shall give rise to any  liability of Holder for
         the  purchase  price of any  Common  Stock or as a  stockholder  of the
         Company,  whether  such  liability  is  asserted  by the  Company or by
         creditors of the Company.

                 k) REMEDIES.  Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise
         all rights  granted by law,  including  recovery  of  damages,  will be
         entitled to specific  performance of its rights under this Warrant. The
         Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation
         for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the  provisions of
         this  Warrant and hereby  agrees to waive the defense in any action for
         specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

                 l) SUCCESSORS  AND ASSIGNS.  Subject to  applicable  securities
         laws,  this  Warrant and the rights and  obligations  evidenced  hereby
         shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors of the
         Company  and the  successors  and  permitted  assigns  of  Holder.  The
         provisions  of this  Warrant are  intended to be for the benefit of all
         Holders from time to time of this Warrant and shall be  enforceable  by
         any such Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

                 m)  AMENDMENT.  This  Warrant may be modified or amended or the
         provisions  hereof  waived with the written  consent of the Company and
         the Holder.

                 n)  SEVERABILITY.  Wherever  possible,  each  provision of this
         Warrant  shall be  interpreted  in such manner as to be  effective  and
         valid under  applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall
         be prohibited by or invalid under  applicable law, such provision shall
         be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without
         invalidating   the  remainder  of  such  provisions  or  the  remaining
         provisions of this Warrant.

                 o)  HEADINGS.  The  headings  used in this  Warrant are for the
         convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
         a part of this Warrant.

                              ********************


                                       12
<PAGE>




         IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  Company  has  caused  this  Warrant  to  be
executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized.


Dated:  December 22, 2004

                                            CIROND CORPORATION


                                            By:
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:
                                               Title:















                                       13


<PAGE>

                               NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: CIROND CORPORATION

         (1) The undersigned  hereby elects to purchase  ________ Warrant Shares
of the Company  pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders  herewith payment of the exercise price in full,  together
with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

         (2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

             [ ] in lawful money of the United States; or

             [ ] the  cancellation  of  such  number  of  Warrant  Shares  as is
                 necessary,  in  accordance  with   the  formula  set  forth  in
                 subsection  2(c),  to exercise this Warrant with respect to the
                 maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable  pursuant  to  the
                 cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

         (3)  Please  issue a  certificate  or  certificates  representing  said
Warrant  Shares  in the  name of the  undersigned  or in such  other  name as is
specified below:

             -------------------------------------

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following:

             -------------------------------------

             -------------------------------------

             -------------------------------------


         (4) ACCREDITED INVESTOR. The undersigned is an "accredited investor" as
defined  in  Regulation  D  promulgated  under the  Securities  Act of 1933,  as
amended.

                                  [PURCHASER]


                                  By:
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                     Name:
                                     Title:

                                  Dated:
                                        ----------------------------------------




<PAGE>




                                 ASSIGNMENT FORM

                    (To assign the foregoing warrant, execute
                   this form and supply required information.
                 Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)



         FOR VALUE  RECEIVED,  the  foregoing  Warrant and all rights  evidenced
thereby are hereby assigned to


                                                whose address is
- -----------------------------------------------

- ---------------------------------------------------------------.


- ---------------------------------------------------------------


                                         Dated:
                                               ------------------, ------

                Holder's Signature:
                                   ----------------------------------------

                Holder's Address:
                                   ----------------------------------------

                                   ----------------------------------------

                                   ----------------------------------------



Signature Guaranteed:
                     --------------------------------------------

NOTE: The signature to this  Assignment Form must correspond with the name as it
appears on the face of the Warrant,  without  alteration or  enlargement  or any
change whatsoever,  and must be guaranteed by a bank or trust company.  Officers
of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity
should file proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.




