











                                  EXHIBIT 10.4

                      FORM OF ADDITIONAL INVESTMENT RIGHT


<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT E

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE
HAVE  BEEN  REGISTERED  WITH  THE  SECURITIES  AND  EXCHANGE  COMMISSION  OR THE
SECURITIES   COMMISSION  OF  ANY  STATE  IN  RELIANCE  UPON  AN  EXEMPTION  FROM
REGISTRATION  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OF 1933,  AS AMENDED  (THE  "SECURITIES
ACT"),  AND,  ACCORDINGLY,  MAY NOT BE OFFERED  OR SOLD  EXCEPT  PURSUANT  TO AN
EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
AVAILABLE  EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE  REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS  OF THE  SECURITIES  ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE  WITH  APPLICABLE  STATE
SECURITIES  LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO
SUCH  EFFECT,  THE  SUBSTANCE  OF WHICH SHALL BE  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE  TO THE
COMPANY.  THIS  SECURITY  AND THE  SECURITIES  ISSUABLE  UPON  EXERCISE  OF THIS
SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION  WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN  ACCOUNT OR OTHER
LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES

                           ADDITIONAL INVESTMENT RIGHT

       To Purchase $________ Stated Value of Preferred Stock and Warrants

                               CIROND CORPORATION

         THIS ADDITIONAL  INVESTMENT RIGHT (the "AIR") certifies that, for value
received,  _____________ (the "HOLDER"), is entitled, upon the terms and subject
to the limitations on exercise and the conditions  hereinafter set forth, at any
time on or after the date hereof (the "INITIAL  EXERCISE  DATE") and on or prior
to the  earlier of the close of  business  on the six month  anniversary  of the
Effective Date and the two year and one day  anniversary of the date hereof (the
"TERMINATION  DATE") but not  thereafter,  to subscribe  for and  purchase  from
Cirond Corporation,  a Nevada corporation (the "COMPANY"),  up to $_____________
Stated  Value of Series B 5%  Convertible  Preferred  Stock (the "AIR  PREFERRED
STOCK")  and  warrants  to  purchase  shares of Common  Stock of the  Company as
described  herein at an  exercise  price of $0.55 per  share  (the "AIR  WARRANT
EXERCISE  PRICE")  (subject to adjustment  hereunder and  thereunder)  (the "AIR
WARRANT").  Upon the purchase hereunder of AIR Preferred Stock, the Holder shall
receive a warrant to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 50% of
the shares of Common Stock  underlying  such AIR  Preferred  Stock.  The initial
conversion  price of the Preferred Stock shall be equal to $0.43 as described in
the Certificate of Designations,  subject to adjustment thereunder and hereunder
("AIR  PREFERRED  STOCK  CONVERSION  PRICE").  The AIR  Preferred  Stock and AIR
Warrant shall be in the form of the Preferred  Stock and Warrants (with the same
rights,  privileges  and  preferences  set forth in the  Transaction  Documents,
including without limitation, the Certificate of Designation) issued pursuant to
the Purchase  Agreement,  MUTATIS MUTANDIS.  The AIR Preferred Stock and the AIR
Warrant  shall be  collectively  referred  to as the "AIR  SECURITIES."  The AIR
Warrant  Exercise Price and the AIR Preferred  Stock  Conversion  Price shall be
collectively  referred to herein as the "AIR CONVERSION PRICE."  Notwithstanding
anything  herein  to the  contrary,  in the event of any  adjustment  to the AIR


                                       1
<PAGE>

Conversion  Price under the Certificate of Designation that would also otherwise
result in an adjustment  hereunder,  the  adjustment  under the  Certificate  of
Designation shall control and no adjustment hereunder shall occur.

         SECTION  1.  DEFINITIONS.  Capitalized  terms  used  and not  otherwise
defined  herein shall have the  meanings  set forth in that  certain  Securities
Purchase  Agreement (the "PURCHASE  AGREEMENT"),  dated December 22, 2004, among
the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

         SECTION 2.   EXERCISE.

                 a) EXERCISE OF AIR. Exercise of the purchase rights represented
         by this AIR may be made at any time or  times on or after  the  Initial
         Exercise Date and on or before the Termination  Date by delivery to the
         Company of a duly  executed  facsimile  copy of the Notice of  Exercise
         Form  annexed  hereto (or such other office or agency of the Company as
         it may designate by notice in writing to the  registered  Holder at the
         address of such Holder  appearing  on the books of the Company) and the
         payment of the Stated  Value  thereby  purchased  by wire  transfer  or
         cashier's  check drawn on a United  States bank.  Upon  exercise of the
         AIR,  the Company  shall  issue  shares of AIR  Preferred  Stock with a
         Stated Value equal to the amount paid by the Holder and the AIR Warrant
         to  purchase  a number of shares  of Common  Stock  equal to 50% of the
         shares of Common Stock  issuable upon  conversion of such AIR Preferred
         Stock.

                 b)    MECHANICS OF EXERCISE.

                           i.  AUTHORIZATION  OF AIR PREFERRED STOCK AND THE AIR
                       WARRANT. The Company covenants that during the period the
                       AIR is  outstanding,  it will reserve from its authorized
                       and unissued  Common Stock a sufficient  number of shares
                       to  provide  for the  issuance  of all of the  shares  of
                       Common Stock  underlying the AIR Preferred  Stock and AIR
                       Warrant (the collectively,  "AIR CONVERSION SHARES"). The
                       Company  further  covenants that its issuance of this AIR
                       shall  constitute  full authority to its officers who are
                       charged  with  the  duty  of  executing  certificates  to
                       execute and issue the necessary  certificates for the AIR
                       Securities upon the exercise of the purchase rights under
                       this AIR and certificates upon conversion and exercise of
                       the AIR  Securities.  The Company  covenants that the AIR
                       Securities  which may be issued upon the  exercise of the
                       purchase  rights  represented  by  this  AIR  and the AIR
                       Conversion Shares issuable thereunder will, upon exercise
                       of the purchase  rights  represented by this AIR, be duly
                       authorized,  validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
                       and free from all taxes,  liens and charges in respect of
                       the issue  thereof  (other  than  taxes in respect of any
                       transfer  occurring  contemporaneously  with such issue).
                       The Company will take all such  reasonable  action as may
                       be  necessary to assure that the AIR  Securities  and AIR
                       Conversion  Shares  may  be  issued  as  provided  herein
                       without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or
                       of any  requirements of the Trading Market upon which the
                       Common Stock may be listed.

                                       2
<PAGE>



                           ii.   DELIVERY   OF   CERTIFICATES   UPON   EXERCISE.
                       Certificates for the AIR Securities  purchased  hereunder
                       shall be  delivered  to the Holder  within 3 Trading Days
                       from  the  delivery  to  the  Company  of the  Notice  of
                       Exercise  Form,  surrender of this AIR and payment of the
                       Stated Value as set forth above ("AIR  SECURITY  DELIVERY
                       DATE").  This AIR shall be deemed to have been  exercised
                       on the  date  the  payment  of the  principal  amount  is
                       received  by the  Company.  The AIR  Securities  shall be
                       deemed  to have  been  issued,  and  Holder  or any other
                       person so  designated to be named therein shall be deemed
                       to have  become a holder of record of such  security  for
                       all purposes,  as of the date the AIR has been  exercised
                       by payment to the Company of the principal amount and all
                       taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant
                       to  Section   2(b)(v)  prior  to  the  issuance  of  such
                       security, have been paid.

                           iii. DELIVERY OF NEW AIRS UPON EXERCISE.  If this AIR
                       shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall,  at
                       the time of delivery of the  certificate or  certificates
                       representing the AIR Securities,  deliver to Holder a new
                       AIR  evidencing  the  rights of Holder  to  purchase  the
                       unpurchased AIR Securities  called for by this AIR, which
                       new AIR shall in all other  respects  be  identical  with
                       this AIR.

                           iv.  RESCISSION  RIGHTS.  If  the  Company  fails  to
                       deliver  to the  Holder  a  certificate  or  certificates
                       representing the AIR Securities  pursuant to this Section
                       2(b)(iv)  by the AIR  Security  Delivery  Date,  then the
                       Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

                           v.   CHARGES,   TAXES  AND   EXPENSES.   Issuance  of
                       certificates  for AIR  Securities  shall be made  without
                       charge to the  Holder  for any issue or  transfer  tax or
                       other  incidental  expense in respect of the  issuance of
                       such  certificate,  all of which taxes and expenses shall
                       be paid by the Company,  and such  certificates  shall be
                       issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names
                       as may be directed by the Holder; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that
                       in the event  certificates  for AIR  Securities are to be
                       issued in a name other than the name of the Holder,  this
                       AIR when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by
                       the Assignment  Form attached hereto duly executed by the
                       Holder;  and the  Company  may  require,  as a  condition
                       thereto,  the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it
                       for any transfer tax incidental thereto.

                           vi. CLOSING OF BOOKS.  The Company will not close its
                       records in any manner which prevents the timely  exercise
                       of  this  AIR,  pursuant  to  the  terms  hereof  or  the
                       conversion or exercise of the AIR Securities  pursuant to
                       the terms hereof.

                 c) CALL  PROVISION.  Subject to the  provisions of this Section
         2(c), (i) if after the Effective Date (x) the Closing Price for each of
         20 consecutive  Trading Days (the  "MEASUREMENT  PERIOD",  which period
         shall not have  commenced  until after the Effective


                                       3
<PAGE>


         Date)  exceeds  the  initial  Conversion  Price  by  150%  (subject  to
         adjustment  as set forth herein) (the "150%  THRESHOLD  PRICE") and (y)
         the daily trading  volume for each Trading Day during such  Measurement
         Period  is  at  least  100,000  shares  of  Common  Stock  (subject  to
         adjustment  for reverse and forward  stock splits and the like) or (ii)
         if after the Effective  Date (x) the Closing Price for the  Measurement
         Period  exceeds  the  initial  Conversion  Price  by 200%  (subject  to
         adjustment   as  set  forth  herein)  (the  "200%   THRESHOLD   PRICE",
         collectively  the 150%  Threshold  Price and the 200%  Threshold  Price
         shall be the  "THRESHOLD  PRICE") and (y) the daily trading  volume for
         each  Trading Day during such  Measurement  Period is at least  100,000
         shares of Common Stock  (subject to adjustment  for reverse and forward
         stock splits and the like) or (iii) if after the  Effective  Date,  the
         Company   closes,   consummates   and   completes  a  firm   commitment
         underwritten public offering of its Common Stock with gross proceeds to
         the Company of at least $10 million (a "QPO") for a per share  purchase
         price of at least $2.00  (subject to adjustment for reverse and forward
         stock splits and the like),  then, (A) with respect to Section  2(c)(i)
         and the 150% Threshold  Price,  the Company may, within one Trading Day
         of the end of such Measurement  Period, call for cancellation of up to,
         in the  aggregate,  among all Holders of the AIR,  for all Call Notices
         (as defined below) relating to the 150% Threshold Price,  $2,000,000 of
         this AIR for which a Notice of Exercise has not yet been delivered, (B)
         with respect to Section  2(c)(ii)  and the 200%  Threshold  Price,  the
         Company  may,  within one  Trading  Day of the end of such  Measurement
         Period call for the cancellation of up to, in the aggregate,  among all
         Holders of the AIR, for all Call Notices (as defined below) relating to
         the 200% Threshold Price,  $2,000,000 of this AIR for which a Notice of
         Exercise  has not yet been  delivered  and (C) with  respect to Section
         2(c)(iii),  the Company may, within one Trading Day of the closing date
         of such  QPO  public  offering,  call  for  cancellation  of all or any
         portion  of this AIR for  which a Notice of  Exercise  has not yet been
         delivered (such right, a "CALL"). For purposes of clarification, if the
         150%  Threshold  Price shall only apply,  in the  aggregate,  among all
         Holders of AIRs, up to $2,000,000.  To exercise this right, the Company
         must  deliver  to the  Holder an  irrevocable  written  notice (a "CALL
         NOTICE"), indicating therein the portion of unexercised portion of this
         AIR to which such notice applies. If the conditions set forth below for
         such  Call  are  satisfied  from the  period  from the date of the Call
         Notice through and including the Call Date (as defined below), then any
         portion of this AIR, as limited by Sections 2(c)(i) and (c)(ii) herein,
         subject to such Call  Notice for which a Notice of  Exercise  shall not
         have been received by the Call Date will be cancelled at 6:30 p.m. (New
         York City time) on the tenth Trading Day after the date the Call Notice
         is received by the Holder (such date, the "CALL DATE"). Any unexercised
         portion of this AIR to which the Call Notice  does not pertain  will be
         unaffected by such Call Notice.  In  furtherance  thereof,  the Company
         covenants  and agrees that it will honor all  Notices of Exercise  with
         respect  to the  AIR  Securities  subject  to a Call  Notice  that  are
         tendered  through 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the Call Date.  The
         parties  agree that any Notice of Exercise  delivered  following a Call
         Notice shall first reduce to zero the number of AIR Securities  subject
         to such Call Notice  prior to reducing  the  remaining  AIR  Securities
         available  for purchase  under this AIR.  For example,  if (x) this AIR
         then permits the Holder to acquire  $100 Stated Value of AIR  Preferred
         Stock,  (y) a Call Notice pertains to $75 Stated Value of AIR Preferred
         Stock, and (z) prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the Call Date
         the Holder  tenders a Notice of Exercise in respect


                                       4
<PAGE>


         of $50 Stated Value of AIR Preferred  Stock,  then (1) on the Call Date
         the right under this AIR to acquire $25 Stated  Value of AIR  Preferred
         Stock will be automatically cancelled, (2) the Company, in the time and
         manner  required  under this AIR, will have issued and delivered to the
         Holder  $50  Stated  Value of AIR  Preferred  Stock in  respect  of the
         exercises following receipt of the Call Notice, and (3) the Holder may,
         until the Termination  Date,  exercise this AIR for $25 Stated Value of
         AIR  Preferred  Stock  (subject to  adjustment  as herein  provided and
         subject to subsequent Call Notices). Subject again to the provisions of
         this Section 2(c), the Company may deliver  subsequent Call Notices for
         any portion of this AIR, as limited by  Sections  2(c)(i) and  (c)(ii),
         for which the Holder  shall not have  delivered  a Notice of  Exercise.
         Notwithstanding  anything to the  contrary  set forth in this AIR,  the
         Company may not deliver a Call  Notice or require the  cancellation  of
         this AIR (and any Call Notice will be void), unless, from the beginning
         of the Measurement  Period through the Call Date (or, with respect to a
         Call triggered by a QPO,  during the 30 consecutive  Trading Days prior
         to such Call Date),  (i) the Company  shall have honored in  accordance
         with the terms of this AIR all  Notices of Exercise  delivered  by 6:30
         p.m.  (New  York City  time) on the Call  Date,  (ii) the  Registration
         Statement  shall  be  effective  as  to  all  shares  of  Common  Stock
         underlying the AIR Securities and the prospectus  thereunder  available
         for use by the  Holder  for the  resale of all such  shares,  (iii) the
         Common  Stock  shall be listed or quoted  for  trading  on the  Trading
         Market and (iv) with respect to a Call  triggered by a QPO, the Company
         shall  have  consummated  such QPO  within 90 days of  giving  the Call
         Notice.  The Company's right to Call the AIR shall be exercised ratably
         among the Holders based on each Holder's  initial purchase of Preferred
         Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

         SECTION 3.  CERTAIN ADJUSTMENTS.

                 a) STOCK  DIVIDENDS  AND SPLITS.  If the  Company,  at any time
         while this AIR is  outstanding:  (A) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
         make a distribution or  distributions  on shares of its Common Stock or
         any other equity or equity equivalent  securities  payable in shares of
         Common Stock  (which,  for  avoidance  of doubt,  shall not include any
         shares  of  Common  Stock  issued by the  Company  pursuant  to the AIR
         Securities),  (B) subdivides  outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
         larger  number of shares,  (C)  combines  (including  by way of reverse
         stock split)  outstanding  shares of Common Stock into a smaller number
         of shares,  or (D) issues by  reclassification  of shares of the Common
         Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the
         AIR  Conversion  Price shall be  multiplied  by a fraction of which the
         numerator  shall be the  number of shares  of Common  Stock  (excluding
         treasury shares, if any) outstanding before such event and of which the
         denominator  shall be the number of shares of Common Stock  outstanding
         after such event.  Any  adjustment  made  pursuant to this Section 3(a)
         shall  become  effective  immediately  after  the  record  date for the
         determination  of  stockholders  entitled to receive  such  dividend or
         distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective
         date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

                 b) SUBSEQUENT  EQUITY SALES.  If the Company or any  Subsidiary
         thereof,  as  applicable,  at any time while  this AIR is  outstanding,
         shall offer, sell, grant any option to purchase or offer, sell or grant
         any right to reprice its securities,  or otherwise  dispose of or issue
         (or announce any offer,  sale, grant or any option to purchase or other
         disposition)

                                       5
<PAGE>


         any Common Stock or Common Stock  Equivalents  entitling  any Person to
         acquire  shares of Common Stock,  at an effective  price per share less
         than the then AIR Conversion  Price (such lower price,  the "BASE SHARE
         PRICE" and such  issuances  collectively,  a "DILUTIVE  ISSUANCE"),  as
         adjusted  hereunder  (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock
         Equivalents  so  issued  shall at any time,  whether  by  operation  of
         purchase price  adjustments,  reset  provisions,  floating  conversion,
         exercise or exchange prices or otherwise,  or due to warrants,  options
         or rights per share which is issued in connection  with such  issuance,
         be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per
         share which is less than the AIR Conversion  Price, such issuance shall
         be deemed to have  occurred  for less than the AIR  Conversion  Price),
         then, the AIR Conversion Price shall be reduced to a price equal to the
         Base  Share  Price.  Additionally,  the  number of AIR  Warrant  Shares
         issuable  hereunder  shall be  increased  such that the  aggregate  AIR
         Warrant Exercise Price payable hereunder, after taking into account the
         decrease in the AIR Conversion  Price,  shall be equal to the aggregate
         AIR Warrant  Exercise Price prior to such  adjustment.  Such adjustment
         shall be made  whenever  such Common Stock or Common Stock  Equivalents
         are issued.  The Company  shall notify the Holder in writing,  no later
         than the  Trading Day  following  the  issuance of any Common  Stock or
         Common Stock Equivalents  subject to this section,  indicating  therein
         the applicable  issuance price, or of applicable reset price,  exchange
         price,  conversion  price and other  pricing  terms  (such  notice  the
         "DILUTIVE ISSUANCE NOTICE"). For purposes of clarification,  whether or
         not the Company  provides a Dilutive  Issuance  Notice pursuant to this
         Section 3(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive  Issuance,  after the
         date of such  Dilutive  Issuance  the Holder is  entitled  to receive a
         number of  securities  based upon the Base Share  Price  regardless  of
         whether  the Holder  accurately  refers to the Base Share  Price in the
         Notice of Exercise.

                 c) PRO RATA  DISTRIBUTIONS.  If the Company,  at any time while
         this AIR is  outstanding,  distributes  to all holders of Common  Stock
         (and not to Holders)  evidences of its indebtedness or assets or rights
         or warrants to subscribe  for or purchase  any security  other than the
         Common Stock (which shall be subject to Section 3(b), then in each such
         case the AIR Conversion  Price shall be determined by multiplying  such
         AIR  Conversion  Price in effect  immediately  prior to the record date
         fixed for  determination  of  stockholders  entitled  to  receive  such
         distribution  by a  fraction  of  which  the  denominator  shall be the
         Closing Price  determined as of the record date mentioned above, and of
         which the  numerator  shall be such  Closing  Price on such record date
         less the then fair  market  value at such record date of the portion of
         such assets or evidence of  indebtedness  so distributed  applicable to
         one outstanding share of the Common Stock as determined by the Board of
         Directors  in good  faith.  In  either  case the  adjustments  shall be
         described  in a  statement  provided  to the  Holder of the  portion of
         assets or evidences of indebtedness so distributed or such subscription
         rights  applicable to one share of Common Stock.  Such adjustment shall
         be made  whenever  any  such  distribution  is made  and  shall  become
         effective immediately after the record date mentioned above.

                 d)  CALCULATIONS.  All  calculations and adjustments to the AIR
         Conversion Price under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent
         or the nearest  1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of
         this Section 3, the number of shares of

                                       6
<PAGE>


         Common Stock  outstanding as of a  given date  shall be  the sum of the
         number of shares of Common  Stock  (excluding  treasury shares, if any)
         outstanding.

                 e)    NOTICE TO HOLDERS.

                       i. ADJUSTMENT TO AIR CONVERSION  PRICE.  Whenever the AIR
                 Conversion  Price is adjusted  pursuant to this  Section 3, the
                 Company  shall  promptly  mail to each Holder a notice  setting
                 forth  the AIR  Conversion  Price  after  such  adjustment  and
                 setting  forth a brief  statement of the facts  requiring  such
                 adjustment.

                       ii.  NOTICE  TO  ALLOW  EXERCISE  BY  HOLDER.  If (A) the
                 Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution) on
                 the  Common  Stock;  (B) the  Company  shall  declare a special
                 nonrecurring  cash  dividend on or a  redemption  of the Common
                 Stock;  (C) the Company  shall  authorize  the  granting to all
                 holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for
                 or purchase any shares of capital  stock of any class or of any
                 rights;  (D) the  approval of any  stockholders  of the Company
                 shall be required in connection  with any  reclassification  of
                 the  Common  Stock,  any  consolidation  or merger to which the
                 Company  is  a  party,   any  sale  or   transfer   of  all  or
                 substantially  all  of  the  assets  of  the  Company,  of  any
                 compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted
                 into other securities,  cash or property; (E) the Company shall
                 authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation
                 or winding  up of the  affairs of the  Company;  then,  in each
                 case, the Company shall cause to be mailed to the Holder at its
                 last  addresses as it shall appear upon the AIR Register of the
                 Company,  at least 20  calendar  days  prior to the  applicable
                 record  or  effective  date  hereinafter  specified,  a  notice
                 stating  (x) the date on which a record  is to be taken for the
                 purpose of such dividend,  distribution,  redemption, rights or
                 warrants,  or if a record  is not to be  taken,  the date as of
                 which the holders of the Common  Stock of record to be entitled
                 to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants
                 are  to  be   determined   or  (y)  the  date  on  which   such
                 reclassification,  consolidation,  merger,  sale,  transfer  or
                 share  exchange is expected to become  effective or close,  and
                 the date as of which it is expected  that holders of the Common
                 Stock of record  shall be entitled to exchange  their shares of
                 the  Common  Stock  for  securities,  cash  or  other  property
                 deliverable upon such reclassification,  consolidation, merger,
                 sale, transfer or share exchange; PROVIDED, that the failure to
                 mail  such  notice  or any  defect  therein  or in the  mailing
                 thereof shall not affect the validity of the  corporate  action
                 required to be specified in such notice. The Holder is entitled
                 to exercise  this AIR during the 20-day period  commencing  the
                 date  of  such  notice  to the  effective  date  of  the  event
                 triggering such notice.

                 f) FUNDAMENTAL  TRANSACTION.  If, at any time while this AIR is
         outstanding, (A) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the
         Company with or into another  Person,  (B) the Company effects any sale
         of all or substantially all of its assets in



                                       7
<PAGE>

         one or a  series  of  related  transactions,  (C) any  tender  offer or
         exchange offer (whether by the Company or another  Person) is completed
         pursuant to which  holders of Common  Stock are  permitted to tender or
         exchange their shares for other  securities,  cash or property,  or (D)
         the Company  effects any  reclassification  of the Common  Stock or any
         compulsory  share  exchange  pursuant  to  which  the  Common  Stock is
         effectively  converted into or exchanged for other securities,  cash or
         property (in any such case, a "FUNDAMENTAL  TRANSACTION"),  then,  upon
         any subsequent  exercise of this AIR the Holder shall have the right to
         receive  upon  conversion  or  exercise  of  the  AIR  Securities,   as
         applicable, for each AIR Conversion Share that would have been issuable
         upon  such  exercise  and  then  subsequent   conversion   absent  such
         Fundamental  Transaction,  at  the  option  of  the  Holder,  (a)  upon
         conversion or exercise of the AIR Securities, shares of Common Stock of
         the successor or acquiring  corporation or of the Company, if it is the
         surviving corporation,  and Alternate Consideration  receivable upon or
         as  a  result  of  such   reorganization,   reclassification,   merger,
         consolidation  or  disposition  of assets by a Holder of the  number of
         shares of Common  Stock for which the  underlying  AIR  Securities  are
         convertible  immediately  prior to such  event or (b) cash equal to the
         value of this AIR as determined in  accordance  with the  Black-Scholes
         option pricing formula (the "ALTERNATE CONSIDERATION"). For purposes of
         any such deemed  conversion,  the  determination  of the AIR Conversion
         Price  shall be  appropriately  adjusted  to  apply  to such  Alternate
         Consideration based on the amount of Alternate  Consideration  issuable
         in  respect  of  one  share  of  Common   Stock  in  such   Fundamental
         Transaction,  and the Company shall apportion the AIR Conversion  Price
         among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
         relative   value  of  any   different   components   of  the  Alternate
         Consideration.  If holders  of Common  Stock are given any choice as to
         the  securities,  cash or  property  to be  received  in a  Fundamental
         Transaction,  then the Holder  shall be given the same choice as to the
         Alternate  Consideration it receives upon any conversion or exercise of
         the AIR  Securities  underlying  this AIR  following  such  Fundamental
         Transaction.  To the  extent  necessary  to  effectuate  the  foregoing
         provisions,  any  successor to the Company or surviving  entity in such
         Fundamental  Transaction  shall  issue to the  Holder a new  additional
         investment   right   consistent  with  the  foregoing   provisions  and
         evidencing  the Holder's right to exercise such  additional  investment
         right  ultimately  into  Alternate  Consideration.  The  terms  of  any
         agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental Transaction is effected shall
         include  terms  requiring  any such  successor or  surviving  entity to
         comply with the provisions of this paragraph (f) and insuring that this
         AIR (or any such replacement  security) will be similarly adjusted upon
         any subsequent transaction analogous to a Fundamental Transaction.

                 g)  EXEMPT   ISSUANCE.   Notwithstanding   the  foregoing,   no
         adjustments, Alternate Consideration nor notices shall be made, paid or
         issued under this Section 3 in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

                 h) VOLUNTARY ADJUSTMENT BY COMPANY. The Company may at any time
         during  the term of this AIR  reduce the then  current  AIR  Conversion
         Price to any amount and for any period of time  deemed  appropriate  by
         the Board of Directors of the Company.

         SECTION 4.    TRANSFER OF AIR.

                                       8
<PAGE>


                 a)  TRANSFERABILITY.  Subject to compliance with any applicable
         securities  laws and the conditions set forth in Sections 5(a) and 4(e)
         hereof and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase  Agreement,
         this AIR and all  rights  hereunder  are  transferable,  in whole or in
         part,  upon  surrender  of  this  AIR at the  principal  office  of the
         Company,  together with a written  assignment of this AIR substantially
         in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or
         attorney and funds  sufficient  to pay any transfer  taxes payable upon
         the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such
         payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new AIR or AIRs in the
         name  of  the  assignee  or  assignees  and  in  the   denomination  or
         denominations  specified in such  instrument of  assignment,  and shall
         issue to the assignor a new AIR  evidencing the portion of this AIR not
         so  assigned,  and this AIR shall  promptly  be  cancelled.  An AIR, if
         properly assigned, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of
         AIR Securities without having a new AIR issued.

                 b) NEW AIRS.  This AIR may be  divided or  combined  with other
         AIRs upon  presentation  hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
         together with a written notice  specifying the names and  denominations
         in which new AIRs are to be  issued,  signed by the Holder or its agent
         or  attorney.  Subject  to  compliance  with  Section  4(a),  as to any
         transfer  which may be involved in such  division or  combination,  the
         Company shall execute and deliver a new AIR or AIRs in exchange for the
         AIR or AIRs to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice.

                 c) AIR  REGISTER.  The Company  shall  register  this AIR, upon
         records to be  maintained  by the  Company for that  purpose  (the "AIR
         REGISTER"),  in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time.
         The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this AIR as the
         absolute  owner  hereof for the purpose of any  exercise  hereof or any
         distribution to the Holder,  and for all other purposes,  absent actual
         notice to the contrary

                 d) TRANSFER  RESTRICTIONS.  If, at the time of the surrender of
         this AIR in  connection  with any transfer of this AIR, the transfer of
         this AIR shall not be registered pursuant to an effective  registration
         statement  under  the  Securities  Act  and  under   applicable   state
         securities or blue sky laws, the Company may require, as a condition of
         allowing  such  transfer (i) that the Holder or transferee of this AIR,
         as the case may be, furnish to the Company a written opinion of counsel
         (which  opinion  shall be in form,  substance  and scope  customary for
         opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that such
         transfer may be made without  registration under the Securities Act and
         under  applicable  state  securities  or blue sky  laws,  (ii) that the
         holder or  transferee  execute and deliver to the Company an investment
         letter in form and  substance  acceptable to the Company and (iii) that
         the  transferee  be  an  "accredited   investor"  as  defined  in  Rule
         501(a)(1),  (a)(2),  (a)(3),  (a)(7),  or (a)(8)  promulgated under the
         Securities  Act or a qualified  institutional  buyer as defined in Rule
         144A(a) under the Securities Act.

         SECTION 5.    MISCELLANEOUS.

                 a)  TITLE  TO THE  ADDITIONAL  INVESTMENT  RIGHT.  Prior to the
         Termination  Date and subject to compliance  with  applicable  laws and
         Section  4  of  this  AIR,  this  AIR  and

                                       9
<PAGE>

         all  rights  hereunder  are transferable,  in whole or in part,  at the
         office  or  agency  of the  Company  by the Holder in person or by duly
         authorized  attorney,  upon  surrender  of this  AIR  together with the
         Assignment  Form annexed hereto properly endorsed. The transferee shall
         sign an investment letter in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
         to the Company.

                 b) NO RIGHTS AS SHAREHOLDER  UNTIL EXERCISE.  This AIR does not
         entitle  the  Holder  to  any  voting  rights  or  other  rights  as  a
         shareholder  of the  Company  prior to the  exercise  hereof.  Upon the
         surrender of this AIR and the payment of the aggregate  principal,  the
         AIR Securities so purchased shall be and be deemed to be issued to such
         Holder as the record  owner of such  shares as of the close of business
         on the later of the date of such surrender or payment.

                 c) LOSS,  THEFT,  DESTRUCTION OR MUTILATION OF AIR. The Company
         covenants  that upon  receipt  by the  Company of  evidence  reasonably
         satisfactory  to it of the loss,  theft,  destruction  or mutilation of
         this AIR or any certificate relating to the AIR Securities, and in case
         of loss,  theft or  destruction,  of indemnity  or security  reasonably
         satisfactory  to it (which,  in the case of the AIR,  shall not include
         the posting of any bond),  and upon surrender and  cancellation of such
         AIR or certificate,  if mutilated,  the Company will make and deliver a
         new AIR or certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation,
         in lieu of such AIR or certificate.

                 d) SATURDAYS,  SUNDAYS, HOLIDAYS, ETC. If the last or appointed
         day for  the  taking  of any  action  or the  expiration  of any  right
         required  or  granted  herein  shall be a  Saturday,  Sunday or a legal
         holiday,  then such action may be taken or such right may be  exercised
         on the next succeeding day not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday.

                 e)    AUTHORIZED SHARES.

                       Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the
                 Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without
                 limitation,   amending  its  certificate  of  incorporation  or
                 through any reorganization,  transfer of assets, consolidation,
                 merger,  dissolution,  issue or sale of securities or any other
                 voluntary  action,  avoid or seek to avoid  the  observance  or
                 performance  of  any of  the  terms  of  this  AIR  or the  AIR
                 Securities,  but will at all times in good faith  assist in the
                 carrying  out of all such  terms and in the  taking of all such
                 actions as may be  necessary  or  appropriate  to  protect  the
                 rights  of  Holder  as set  forth  in  this  AIR  and  the  AIR
                 Securities against impairment.  Without limiting the generality
                 of the foregoing,  the Company will (a) take all such action as
                 may be necessary or  appropriate  in order that the Company may
                 validly and  legally  issue  fully paid and  nonassessable  AIR
                 Securities  upon the  exercise  of this AIR and AIR  Conversion
                 Shares upon conversion and exercise of the AIR Securities,  and
                 (b) use  commercially  reasonable  efforts  to obtain  all such
                 authorizations,   exemptions   or  consents   from  any  public
                 regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof as may be necessary
                 to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this AIR
                 and the AIR Securities.


                                       10
<PAGE>

                       Before  taking  any  action  which  would  result  in  an
                 adjustment  in  the  AIR  Securities  for  which  this  AIR  is
                 exercisable or in the AIR Conversion  Price,  the Company shall
                 obtain  all  such  authorizations  or  exemptions  thereof,  or
                 consents   thereto,   as  may  be  necessary  from  any  public
                 regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

                 f)  JURISDICTION.  All questions  concerning the  construction,
         validity,   enforcement  and   interpretation  of  this  AIR  shall  be
         determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

                 g)  RESTRICTIONS.   The  Holder   acknowledges   that  the  AIR
         Securities  acquired upon the exercise of this AIR, if not  registered,
         will  have  restrictions  upon  resale  imposed  by state  and  federal
         securities laws.

                 h) NONWAIVER AND EXPENSES. No course of dealing or any delay or
         failure to exercise  any right  hereunder  on the part of Holder  shall
         operate  as a waiver  of such  right or  otherwise  prejudice  Holder's
         rights,  powers or remedies,  notwithstanding  the fact that all rights
         hereunder  terminate on the Termination  Date. If the Company willfully
         and  knowingly  fails to comply with any  provision of this AIR,  which
         results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to
         Holder  such  amounts  as shall be  sufficient  to cover  any costs and
         expenses  including,  but not limited to,  reasonable  attorneys' fees,
         including  those  of  appellate  proceedings,  incurred  by  Holder  in
         collecting  any amounts due pursuant  hereto or in otherwise  enforcing
         any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

                 i) NOTICES.  Any notice,  request or other document required or
         permitted to be given or  delivered to the Holder by the Company  shall
         be delivered in accordance  with the notice  provisions of the Purchase
         Agreement.

                 j) LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. No provision hereof, in the absence
         of any  affirmative  action by Holder to exercise  this AIR or purchase
         AIR Securities,  and no enumeration  herein of the rights or privileges
         of Holder,  shall give rise to any liability of Holder for the purchase
         price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder  of the Company,  whether
         such  liability  is  asserted  by the  Company or by  creditors  of the
         Company.

                 k) REMEDIES.  Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise
         all rights  granted by law,  including  recovery  of  damages,  will be
         entitled  to specific  performance  of its rights  under this AIR.  The
         Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation
         for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the  provisions of
         this AIR and  hereby  agrees to waive the  defense  in any  action  for
         specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

                 l) SUCCESSORS  AND ASSIGNS.  Subject to  applicable  securities
         laws,  this AIR and the rights and obligations  evidenced  hereby shall
         inure to the  benefit  of and be  binding  upon the  successors  of the
         Company  and the  successors  and  permitted  assigns  of  Holder.  The
         provisions  of this  AIR are  intended  to be for  the  benefit  of all
         Holders from

                                       11
<PAGE>

         time to time of this AIR and shall be enforceable by any such Holder or
         holder of AIR Securities.

                 m)  AMENDMENT.  This  AIR may be  modified  or  amended  or the
         provisions  hereof  waived with the written  consent of the Company and
         the Holder.

                 n) SEVERABILITY.  Wherever possible, each provision of this AIR
         shall be  interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under
         applicable law, but if any provision of this AIR shall be prohibited by
         or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to
         the extent of such prohibition or invalidity,  without invalidating the
         remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this AIR.

                 o)  HEADINGS.  The  headings  used  in  this  AIR  are  for the
         convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
         a part of this AIR.


                              ********************

















                                       12
<PAGE>




         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the Company has caused this AIR to be executed by
its officer thereunto duly authorized.


Dated:  December 22, 2004

                                         CIROND CORPORATION


                                         By:
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Name:
                                            Title:






















                                       13

<PAGE>


                               NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO:    CIROND CORPORATION

         (1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase $________ Stated Value of
AIR  Preferred  Stock and  Warrants to purchase  _____ shares of Common Stock of
Cirond  Corporation  pursuant  to the  terms  of the  attached  AIR and  tenders
herewith payment of the principal in full, together with all applicable transfer
taxes, if any.

         (2)  Payment  shall take the form of (check  applicable  box) in lawful
money of the United States; or

         (3) Please issue a certificate or  certificates  representing  said AIR
Securities in the name of the  undersigned or in such other name as is specified
below:

                  -----------------------------------

The AIR Securities shall be delivered to the following:

                  -----------------------------------

                  -----------------------------------

                  -----------------------------------

         (4) ACCREDITED INVESTOR. The undersigned is an "accredited investor" as
defined  in  Regulation  D  promulgated  under the  Securities  Act of 1933,  as
amended.

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity:
                         -------------------------------------------------------
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY:
                                                      --------------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory:
                             ---------------------------------------------------
Title of Authorized Signatory:
                              --------------------------------------------------
Date:
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------




<PAGE>




                                 ASSIGNMENT FORM

                    (To assign the foregoing warrant, execute
                   this form and supply required information.
                 Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)



         FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  the foregoing AIR and all rights evidenced thereby
are hereby assigned to


                                                whose address is
- ------------------------------------------------

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------.



- -------------------------------------------------------------------

                                     Dated:
                                           -------------------,----------


                  Holder's Signature:
                                     ----------------------------------

                  Holder's Address:
                                   ------------------------------------

                                   ------------------------------------



Signature Guaranteed:
                      -----------------------------------------------


NOTE: The signature to this  Assignment Form must correspond with the name as it
appears on the face of the AIR, without  alteration or enlargement or any change
whatsoever,  and must be  guaranteed  by a bank or trust  company.  Officers  of
corporations  and those acting in a fiduciary or other  representative  capacity
should file proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing AIR.




