
                                  EXHIBIT 99.4


                      PRODUCTIVITY TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION
                            PLACEMENT AGENT AGREEMENT


                                                 Dated as of: December 23, 2004

Newbridge Securities Corporation
1451 Cypress Creek Road, Suite 204
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33309


Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The  undersigned,   Productivity  Technologies   Corporation,   a  Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), hereby agrees with Newbridge Securities Corporation
(the "Placement  Agent") and Cornell Capital  Partners,  LP, a Delaware  Limited
Partnership (the "Investor"), as follows:

     Offering.  The Company  hereby  engages the  Placement  Agent to act as its
exclusive  placement  agent in connection  with the Standby Equity  Distribution
Agreement dated the date hereof (the "Standby Equity  Distribution  Agreement"),
pursuant to which the Company shall issue and sell to the Investor, from time to
time, and the Investor  shall  purchase from the Company (the  "Offering") up to
Five Million U.S.  Dollars  (US$5,000,000)  of the  Company's  common stock (the
"Commitment  Amount"),  par value  US$0.001 per share (the "Common  Stock"),  at
price per share  equal to the  Purchase  Price,  as that term is  defined in the
Standby  Equity  Distribution  Agreement.  The Placement  Agent  services  shall
consist of reviewing the terms of the Standby Equity Distribution  Agreement and
advising the Company with respect to those terms.

     All  capitalized  terms used herein and not otherwise  defined herein shall
have the same  meaning  ascribed to them as in the Standby  Equity  Distribution
Agreement. The Investor will be granted certain registration rights with respect
to the Common Stock as more fully set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement
between the Company and the  Investor  dated the date hereof (the  "Registration
Rights  Agreement").  The  documents to be executed and  delivered in connection
with the Offering, including, but not limited, to the Company's latest Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q as filed  with the United  States  Securities  and  Exchange
Commission,  this  Agreement,  the Standby Equity  Distribution  Agreement,  the
Registration  Rights  Agreement,  and the Escrow Agreement dated the date hereof
(the "Escrow Agreement"),  are referred to sometimes hereinafter collectively as
the "Offering  Materials." The Company's  Common Stock purchased by the Investor
hereunder or to be issued in connection  with the  conversion of any  debentures
are sometimes  referred to hereinafter as the  "Securities." The Placement Agent
shall not be obligated to sell any Securities.

     Compensation.

          11. No additional  compensation is due to Placement Agent. The Company
     has previously  issued to the Placement Agent or its designee shares of the
     Company's  Common  Stock in an amount equal to Ten  Thousand  U.S.  Dollars
     (US$10,000) (the "Placement Agent's Shares").  The Placement Agent shall be
     entitled to "piggy-back" registration rights, which shall be triggered upon
     registration  of any shares of Common Stock by the Investor with respect to
     the Placement Agent's Shares pursuant to the Registration  Rights Agreement
     dated the date hereof.

     Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Placement Agent.

          12. The Placement Agent represents, warrants and covenants as follows:

               i. The Placement Agent has the necessary power to enter into this
          Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

                                       1
<PAGE>

               ii. The  execution  and delivery by the  Placement  Agent of this
          Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein
          will not  result in any  violation  of,  or be in  conflict  with,  or
          constitute a default  under,  any agreement or instrument to which the
          Placement  Agent  is a party or by which  the  Placement  Agent or its
          properties  are  bound,  or any  judgment,  decree,  order  or, to the
          Placement  Agent's   knowledge,   any  statute,   rule  or  regulation
          applicable to the Placement  Agent.  This  Agreement when executed and
          delivered by the Placement Agent, will constitute the legal, valid and
          binding obligations of the Placement Agent,  enforceable in accordance
          with  their  respective  terms,  except  to the  extent  that  (a) the
          enforceability  hereof  or  thereof  may  be  limited  by  bankruptcy,
          insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium  or similar laws from time to
          time in effect and  affecting the rights of creditors  generally,  (b)
          the enforceability  hereof or thereof is subject to general principles
          of equity, or (c) the indemnification provisions hereof or thereof may
          be held to be in violation of public policy.

               iii. Upon receipt and execution of this Agreement,  the Placement
          Agent will promptly forward copies of this Agreement to the Company or
          its counsel and the Investor or its counsel.

               iv. The Placement  Agent will not  intentionally  take any action
          that it  reasonably  believes  would cause the Offering to violate the
          provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 Act"),
          the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 (the "1934 Act"),  the respective
          rules  and   regulations   promulgated   thereunder  (the  "Rules  and
          Regulations")   or  applicable   "Blue  Sky"  laws  of  any  state  or
          jurisdiction.

               v. The Placement Agent is a member of the National Association of
          Securities  Dealers,  Inc., and is a broker-dealer  registered as such
          under  the 1934 Act and  under the  securities  laws of the  states in
          which the  Securities  will be offered or sold by the Placement  Agent
          unless an exemption  for such state  registration  is available to the
          Placement  Agent.  The Placement Agent is in material  compliance with
          the rules and regulations  applicable to the Placement Agent generally
          and applicable to the Placement Agent's participation in the Offering.

     Representations and Warranties of the Company.

          13. The Company represents and warrants as follows:

               i.  The  execution,  delivery  and  performance  of  each of this
          Agreement,  the  Standby  Equity  Distribution  Agreement,  the Escrow
          Agreement,  and the Registration  Rights Agreement has been or will be
          duly and validly  authorized by the Company and is, or with respect to
          this Agreement,  the Standby Equity Distribution Agreement, the Escrow
          Agreement, and the Registration Rights Agreement,  will be a valid and
          binding  agreement of the Company,  enforceable in accordance with its
          respective  terms,  except to the extent  that (a) the  enforceability
          hereof  or  thereof   may  be  limited  by   bankruptcy,   insolvency,
          reorganization, moratorium or similar laws from time to time in effect
          and   affecting   the   rights  of   creditors   generally,   (b)  the
          enforceability  hereof or thereof is subject to general  principles of
          equity or (c) the indemnification  provisions hereof or thereof may be
          held to be in violation of public policy.  The Securities to be issued
          pursuant to the  transactions  contemplated  by this Agreement and the
          Standby Equity  Distribution  Agreement have been duly authorized and,
          when  issued  and paid for in  accordance  with  this  Agreement,  the
          Standby Equity Distribution Agreement and the certificates/instruments
          representing such Securities, will be valid and binding obligations of
          the Company,  enforceable in accordance with their  respective  terms,
          except  to the  extent  that  (1) the  enforceability  thereof  may be
          limited  by  bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium  or
          similar laws from time to time in effect and  affecting  the rights of
          creditors generally,  and (2) the enforceability thereof is subject to
          general  principles  of equity.  All corporate  action  required to be
          taken for the  authorization,  issuance and sale of the Securities has
          been duly and validly taken by the Company.

               ii. The Company  has a duly  authorized,  issued and  outstanding
          capitalization   as  set  forth  herein  and  in  the  Standby  Equity
          Distribution Agreement.  The Company is not a party to or bound by any
          instrument,  agreement or other arrangement  providing for it to issue
          any capital  stock,  rights,  warrants,  options or other  securities,
          except for this  Agreement,  the  agreements  described  herein and as
          described in the Standby Equity Distribution Agreement, dated the date
          hereof  and  the  agreements   described   therein.   All  issued  and
          outstanding  securities of the Company,  have been duly authorized and
          validly  issued and are fully  paid and  non-assessable;  the  holders
          thereof have no rights of rescission or preemptive rights with respect
          thereto and are not


                                       2
<PAGE>

          subject  to  personal  liability  solely by  reason of being  security
          holders;  and none of such  securities were issued in violation of the
          preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company. As of
          the November 30, 2004,  the  authorized  capital  stock of the Company
          consists of 20,000,000  shares of Common Stock, par value US$0.001 per
          share and  1,000,000  shares  of  Preferred  Stock of which  2,747,500
          shares of Common  Stock  were  issued and  outstanding  as of the date
          thereof.

               iii.  The  Common  Stock to be  issued  in  accordance  with this
          Agreement and the Standby Equity Distribution  Agreement has been duly
          authorized  and,  when  issued  and paid for in  accordance  with this
          Agreement,    the   Standby   Equity   Distribution   Agreement,   the
          certificates/instruments   representing  such  Common  Stock  will  be
          validly  issued,  fully-paid and  non-assessable;  the holders thereof
          will not be subject to  personal  liability  solely by reason of being
          such holders;  such  Securities are not and will not be subject to the
          preemptive rights of any holder of any security of the Company.

               iv. The  Company has good and  marketable  title to, or valid and
          enforceable  leasehold  estates  in,  all  items of real and  personal
          property  necessary  to  conduct  its  business  (including,   without
          limitation,  any real or  personal  property  stated  in the  Offering
          Materials to be owned or leased by the Company), free and clear of all
          liens,  encumbrances,  claims,  security  interests and defects of any
          material nature whatsoever, other than those set forth in the Offering
          Materials and liens for taxes not yet due and payable.

               v. There is no litigation or governmental  proceeding pending or,
          to the  best  of  the  Company's  knowledge,  threatened  against,  or
          involving  the  properties  or business of the Company,  except as set
          forth in the Offering Materials.

               vi. The Company has been duly  organized and is validly  existing
          as a  corporation  in good  standing  under  the laws of the  State of
          Delaware.  Except as set forth in the Offering Materials,  the Company
          does not own or control,  directly or  indirectly,  an interest in any
          other corporation, partnership, trust, joint venture or other business
          entity. The Company is duly qualified or licensed and in good standing
          as a foreign  corporation in each  jurisdiction in which the character
          of its operations  requires such  qualification or licensing and where
          failure to so qualify  would  have a  material  adverse  effect on the
          Company.  The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority,
          and all  material and  necessary  authorizations,  approvals,  orders,
          licenses,  certificates  and  permits  of and  from  all  governmental
          regulatory  officials and bodies (domestic and foreign) to conduct its
          businesses  (and  proposed  business)  as  described  in the  Offering
          Materials.  Any disclosures in the Offering  Materials  concerning the
          effects  of  foreign,  federal,  state  and  local  regulation  on the
          Company's  businesses as currently  conducted and as contemplated  are
          correct in all  material  respects and do not omit to state a material
          fact. The Company has all corporate  power and authority to enter into
          this  Agreement,   the  Standby  Equity  Distribution  Agreement,  the
          Registration Rights Agreement,  and the Escrow Agreement, to carry out
          the provisions and  conditions  hereof and thereof,  and all consents,
          authorizations,  approvals and orders required in connection  herewith
          and therewith have been obtained.  No consent,  authorization or order
          of, and no filing with, any court,  government agency or other body is
          required  by  the  Company  for  the  issuance  of the  Securities  or
          execution and delivery of the Offering Materials except for applicable
          federal and state securities  laws. The Company,  since its inception,
          has not incurred  any  liability  arising  under or as a result of the
          application  of any of the provisions of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or
          the Rules and Regulations.

               vii.  There has been no material  adverse change in the condition
          or prospects of the Company,  financial or otherwise,  from the latest
          dates as of which such condition or prospects,  respectively,  are set
          forth  in the  Offering  Materials,  and  the  outstanding  debt,  the
          property  and the  business  of the  Company  conform in all  material
          respects  to  the  descriptions  thereof  contained  in  the  Offering
          Materials.

               viii. Except as set forth in the Offering Materials,  the Company
          is not in breach of, or in default under, any term or provision of any
          material  indenture,  mortgage,  deed of trust,  lease,  note, loan or
          Standby Equity Distribution  Agreement or any other material agreement
          or  instrument  evidencing an obligation  for borrowed  money,  or any
          other  material  agreement or  instrument to which it is a party or by
          which  it or any of its  properties  may be  bound  or  affected.  The
          Company is not in violation of any provision of its charter or by-laws
          or in violation of any franchise, license, permit, judgment, decree or
          order,  or in violation of any material  statute,  rule or regulation.
          Neither the execution  and delivery of the Offering  Materials


                                       3
<PAGE>

          nor the  issuance  and sale or  delivery  of the  Securities,  nor the
          consummation of any of the  transactions  contemplated in the Offering
          Materials  nor the  compliance  by the  Company  with  the  terms  and
          provisions  hereof or thereof,  has  conflicted  with or will conflict
          with,  or has  resulted  in or will  result in a breach of, any of the
          terms and  provisions  of, or has  constituted  or will  constitute  a
          default  under,  or has  resulted in or will result in the creation or
          imposition  of any lien,  charge or  encumbrance  upon any property or
          assets of the  Company  or  pursuant  to the  terms of any  indenture,
          mortgage,  deed  of  trust,  note,  loan  or any  other  agreement  or
          instrument  evidencing an obligation for borrowed  money, or any other
          agreement or  instrument to which the Company may be bound or to which
          any of the  property  or assets of the  Company is subject  except (a)
          where  such  default,  lien,  charge or  encumbrance  would not have a
          material  adverse  effect on the Company and (b) as  described  in the
          Offering  Materials;  nor will such action  result in any violation of
          the  provisions  of the  charter  or the  by-laws of the  Company  or,
          assuming the due performance by the Placement Agent of its obligations
          hereunder,  any  material  statute  or any  material  order,  rule  or
          regulation  applicable  to the Company of any court or of any foreign,
          federal,  state or other regulatory authority or other government body
          having jurisdiction over the Company.

               ix.  Subsequent to the dates as of which  information is given in
          the Offering  Materials,  and except as may  otherwise be indicated or
          contemplated  herein or therein and the securities offered pursuant to
          the Securities  Purchase  Agreement dated the date hereof, the Company
          has not (a)  issued  any  securities  or  incurred  any  liability  or
          obligation,  direct or contingent,  for borrowed money, or (b) entered
          into any transaction other than in the ordinary course of business, or
          (c) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or
          in respect of its capital  stock.  Except as described in the Offering
          Materials,  the Company has no outstanding  obligations to any officer
          or director of the Company.

               x. There are no claims for  services  in the nature of a finder's
          or origination fee with respect to the sale of the Common Stock or any
          other  arrangements,  agreements or understandings that may affect the
          Placement  Agent's   compensation,   as  determined  by  the  National
          Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.

               xi. The Company owns or possesses, free and clear of all liens or
          encumbrances  and rights  thereto or  therein  by third  parties,  the
          requisite  licenses  or other  rights to use all  trademarks,  service
          marks,  copyrights,   service  names,  trade  names,  patents,  patent
          applications   and   licenses   necessary   to  conduct  its  business
          (including,  without limitation, any such licenses or rights described
          in the Offering  Materials as being owned or possessed by the Company)
          and, except as set forth in the Offering Materials,  there is no claim
          or action by any  person  pertaining  to, or  proceeding,  pending  or
          threatened,  which challenges the exclusive rights of the Company with
          respect to any trademarks,  service marks, copyrights,  service names,
          trade names,  patents,  patent  applications  and licenses used in the
          conduct of the Company's  businesses  (including,  without limitation,
          any such  licenses or rights  described in the  Offering  Materials as
          being owned or possessed  by the  Company)  except any claim or action
          that  would not have a material  adverse  effect on the  Company;  the
          Company's current  products,  services or processes do not infringe or
          will not infringe on the patents currently held by any third party.

               xii. Except as described in the Offering  Materials,  the Company
          is not  under  any  obligation  to pay  royalties  or fees of any kind
          whatsoever to any third party with respect to any trademarks,  service
          marks,  copyrights,   service  names,  trade  names,  patents,  patent
          applications,  licenses or technology it has developed,  uses, employs
          or intends to use or employ, other than to their respective licensors.

               xiii.  Subject to the  performance by the Placement  Agent of its
          obligations  hereunder the offer and sale of the Securities  complies,
          and  will  continue  to  comply,  in all  material  respects  with the
          requirements  of  Rule  506 of  Regulation  D  promulgated  by the SEC
          pursuant  to the 1933 Act and any other  applicable  federal and state
          laws, rules,  regulations and executive  orders.  Neither the Offering
          Materials nor any  amendment or  supplement  thereto nor any documents
          prepared by the Company in  connection  with the Offering will contain
          any untrue  statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
          fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
          therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
          misleading. All statements of material facts in the Offering Materials
          are true and correct as of the date of the Offering Materials.

               xiv.  All  material  taxes  which  are due and  payable  from the
          Company have been paid in full or adequate provision has been made for
          such  taxes on the  books  of the  Company,  except  for  those  taxes
          disputed in good faith by the Company

                                       4
<PAGE>

               xv.  None  of the  Company  nor any of its  officers,  directors,
          employees  or  agents,  nor any other  person  acting on behalf of the
          Company,  has,  directly  or  indirectly,  given or agreed to give any
          money,  gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to
          customers  in the  ordinary  course  of  business)  to  any  customer,
          supplier,  employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or
          employee  of  any  governmental   agency  or  instrumentality  of  any
          government  (domestic or foreign) or any political  party or candidate
          for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who is or may be in a
          position  to help or hinder the  business of the Company (or assist it
          in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) which (A) might
          subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or
          governmental  litigation  or  proceeding,  or (B) if not  given in the
          past,  might  have had a  materially  adverse  effect  on the  assets,
          business  or  operations  of the  Company as  reflected  in any of the
          financial  statements  contained in the Offering Materials,  or (C) if
          not  continued  in the  future,  might  adversely  affect the  assets,
          business, operations or prospects of the Company in the future.

     Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Investor.

          14. The Investor represents, warrants and covenants as follows:

               i. The  Investor  has the  necessary  power to  enter  into  this
          Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

               ii. The execution and delivery by the Investor of this  Agreement
          and the consummation of the transactions  contemplated herein will not
          result in any  violation  of, or be in conflict  with, or constitute a
          default under,  any agreement or instrument to which the Investor is a
          party or by which the  Investor or its  properties  are bound,  or any
          judgment,  decree, order or, to the Investor's knowledge, any statute,
          rule or regulation  applicable to the Investor.  This  Agreement  when
          executed and delivered by the  Investor,  will  constitute  the legal,
          valid  and  binding  obligations  of  the  Investor,   enforceable  in
          accordance with their respective terms,  except to the extent that (a)
          the  enforceability  hereof or thereof  may be limited by  bankruptcy,
          insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium  or similar laws from time to
          time in effect and  affecting the rights of creditors  generally,  (b)
          the enforceability  hereof or thereof is subject to general principles
          of equity, or (c) the indemnification provisions hereof or thereof may
          be held to be in violation of public policy.

               iii. The Investor will promptly forward copies of any and all due
          diligence  questionnaires  compiled by the  Investor to the  Placement
          Agent.

               iv. The Investor is an Accredited  Investor (as defined under the
          1933 Act).

               v. The Investor is acquiring the  Securities  for the  Inventor's
          own account as principal,  not as a nominee or agent,  for  investment
          purposes only, and not with a view to, or for, resale, distribution or
          fractionalization  thereof in whole or in part and no other person has
          a direct or indirect beneficial interest in such Securities.  Further,
          the Investor  does not have any  contract,  undertaking,  agreement or
          arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or grant  participations
          to such  person or to any third  person,  with  respect  to any of the
          Securities.

               vi. The Investor  acknowledges the Investor's  understanding that
          the offering and sale of the  Securities is intended to be exempt from
          registration  under the 1933 Act by virtue of Section 3(b) of the 1933
          Act  and  the  provisions  of  Regulation  D  promulgated   thereunder
          ("Regulation D"). In furtherance  thereof, the Investor represents and
          warrants as follows:

          The Investor has the  financial  ability to bear the economic  risk of
     the  Investor's  investment,  has  adequate  means  for  providing  for the
     Inventor's  current  needs and personal  contingencies  and has no need for
     liquidity with respect to the Investor's investment in the Company; and

          The Investor  has such  knowledge  and  experience  in  financial  and
     business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the
     prospective  investment.  The  Inventor  also  represents  it has not  been
     organized for the purpose of acquiring the Securities.

                                       5
<PAGE>

               vii. The Investor has been given the opportunity for a reasonable
          time prior to the date hereof to ask questions of, and receive answers
          from,  the  Company or its  representatives  concerning  the terms and
          conditions  of the  Offering,  and other  matters  pertaining  to this
          investment,  and has been given the  opportunity for a reasonable time
          prior to the date  hereof to obtain  such  additional  information  in
          connection  with the Company in order for the Investor to evaluate the
          merits  and risks of  purchase  of the  Securities,  to the extent the
          Company   possesses  such   information  or  can  acquire  it  without
          unreasonable  effort or  expense.  The  Investor is not relying on the
          Placement  Agent or any of its affiliates with respect to the accuracy
          or  completeness  of  the  Offering  Materials  or  for  any  economic
          considerations involved in this investment.

     Certain Covenants and Agreements of the Company.

     The Company  covenants and agrees at its expense and without any expense to
the Placement Agent as follows:

          15. To advise the  Placement  Agent and the  Investor of any  material
     adverse change in the Company's financial condition,  prospects or business
     or of any development  materially affecting the Company or rendering untrue
     or misleading any material statement in the Offering Materials occurring at
     any  time as soon as the  Company  is  either  informed  or  becomes  aware
     thereof.

          16. To use its  commercially  reasonable  efforts  to cause the Common
     Stock issuable in connection with the Standby Equity Distribution Agreement
     to be  qualified  or  registered  for sale on terms  consistent  with those
     stated in the  Registration  Rights Agreement and under the securities laws
     of  such  jurisdictions  as the  Placement  Agent  and the  Investor  shall
     reasonably request.  Qualification,  registration and exemption charges and
     fees shall be at the sole cost and expense of the Company.

          17.  Upon  written  request,  to provide  and  continue to provide the
     Placement  Agent  and  the  Investor  copies  of  all  quarterly  financial
     statements and audited annual financial statements prepared by or on behalf
     of the Company,  other reports  prepared by or on behalf of the Company for
     public   disclosure   and  all   documents   delivered  to  the   Company's
     stockholders.

          18. To deliver,  during the registration  period of the Standby Equity
     Distribution Agreement, to the Investor upon the Investor's request, within
     forty five (45) days,  a  statement  of its income for each such  quarterly
     period,  and its balance sheet and a statement of changes in  stockholders'
     equity as of the end of such quarterly  period,  all in reasonable  detail,
     certified by its  principal  financial or accounting  officer;  (ii) within
     ninety (90) days after the close of each fiscal year,  its balance sheet as
     of the close of such fiscal year,  together  with a statement of income,  a
     statement of changes in  stockholders'  equity and a statement of cash flow
     for such fiscal year, such balance sheet, statement of income, statement of
     changes  in  stockholders'  equity  and  statement  of  cash  flow to be in
     reasonable  detail and  accompanied by a copy of the  certificate or report
     thereon  of  independent  auditors  if  audited  financial  statements  are
     prepared;  and  (iii)  a copy of all  documents,  reports  and  information
     furnished to its stockholders at the time that such documents,  reports and
     information are furnished to its stockholders.

          19. To comply with the terms of the Offering Materials.

          20. To ensure that any transactions  between or among the Company,  or
     any of its officers,  directors and  affiliates be on terms and  conditions
     that are no less  favorable to the Company,  than the terms and  conditions
     that  would  be  available  in  an  "arm's  length"   transaction  with  an
     independent third party.

     Indemnification and Limitation of Liability.

          21. The  Company  hereby  agrees that it will  indemnify  and hold the
     Placement  Agent  and each  officer,  director,  shareholder,  employee  or
     representative  of  the  Placement  Agent  and  each  person   controlling,
     controlled by or under common  control with the Placement  Agent within the
     meaning  of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act or the
     SEC's  Rules  and  Regulations   promulgated  thereunder  (the  "Rules  and
     Regulations"),  harmless from and against any and all loss, claim,  damage,
     liability,  cost or expense whatsoever


                                       6
<PAGE>

     (including, but not limited to, any and all reasonable legal fees and other
     expenses  and  disbursements  incurred in  connection  with  investigating,
     preparing to defend or defending any action, suit or proceeding,  including
     any  inquiry  or  investigation,  commenced  or  threatened,  or any  claim
     whatsoever or in appearing or preparing for  appearance as a witness in any
     action,  suit  or  proceeding,  including  any  inquiry,  investigation  or
     pretrial  proceeding  such as a deposition) to which the Placement Agent or
     such indemnified person of the Placement Agent may become subject under the
     1933 Act, the 1934 Act, the Rules and Regulations,  or any other federal or
     state law or regulation,  common law or otherwise,  arising out of or based
     upon (i) any untrue  statement  or alleged  untrue  statement of a material
     fact  contained  in (a)  Section  4 of this  Agreement,  (b)  the  Offering
     Materials (except those written statements  relating to the Placement Agent
     given by the Placement Agent for inclusion therein), (c) any application or
     other  document or written  communication  executed by the Company or based
     upon written information furnished by the Company filed in any jurisdiction
     in order to qualify the Common Stock under the securities laws thereof,  or
     any state  securities  commission  or agency;  (ii) the omission or alleged
     omission  from  documents  described  in clauses (a), (b) or (c) above of a
     material  fact  required  to be stated  therein  or  necessary  to make the
     statements   therein   not   misleading;   or  (iii)  the   breach  of  any
     representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by the Company in this
     Agreement.  The Company  further  agrees that upon demand by an indemnified
     person,  at any time or from time to time, it will promptly  reimburse such
     indemnified person for any loss, claim, damage, liability,  reasonable cost
     or expense actually paid by the indemnified  person as to which the Company
     has indemnified such person pursuant hereto.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
     provisions of this Paragraph 7(A), any such payment or reimbursement by the
     Company of fees,  expenses  or  disbursements  incurred  by an  indemnified
     person in any  proceeding in which a final judgment by a court of competent
     jurisdiction  (after all  appeals or the  expiration  of time to appeal) is
     entered against the Placement Agent or such  indemnified  person based upon
     specific  finding  of fact  that the  Placement  Agent or such  indemnified
     person's gross negligence or willful misfeasance will be promptly repaid to
     the Company.

          22. The Placement  Agent hereby agrees that it will indemnify and hold
     the  Company  and  each  officer,   director,   shareholder,   employee  or
     representative of the Company,  and each person controlling,  controlled by
     or under common  control with the Company  within the meaning of Section 15
     of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act or the Rules and Regulations,
     harmless from and against any and all loss, claim, damage,  liability, cost
     or  expense  whatsoever  (including,  but  not  limited  to,  any  and  all
     reasonable  legal fees and other  expenses  and  disbursements  incurred in
     connection with investigating, preparing to defend or defending any action,
     suit or proceeding,  including any inquiry or  investigation,  commenced or
     threatened,  or any claim  whatsoever  or in  appearing  or  preparing  for
     appearance as a witness in any action,  suit or  proceeding,  including any
     inquiry,  investigation  or pretrial  proceeding  such as a deposition)  to
     which the  Company or such  indemnified  person of the  Company  may become
     subject under the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, the Rules and Regulations, or any
     other federal or state law or regulation,  common law or otherwise, arising
     out of or  based  upon  (i)  the  material  breach  of any  representation,
     warranty,  covenant  or  agreement  made  by the  Placement  Agent  in this
     Agreement,  or (ii) any false or  misleading  information  provided  to the
     Company in  writing by one of the  Placement  Agent's  indemnified  persons
     specifically for inclusion in the Offering Materials.

                                       7
<PAGE>

          23. The Investor  hereby  agrees that it will  indemnify  and hold the
     Placement  Agent  and each  officer,  director,  shareholder,  employee  or
     representative  of  the  Placement  Agent,  and  each  person  controlling,
     controlled by or under common  control with the Placement  Agent within the
     meaning  of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act or the
     Rules and Regulations,  harmless from and against any and all loss,  claim,
     damage, liability,  cost or expense whatsoever (including,  but not limited
     to, any and all reasonable legal fees and other expenses and  disbursements
     incurred in connection with investigating, preparing to defend or defending
     any action,  suit or  proceeding,  including any inquiry or  investigation,
     commenced  or  threatened,  or any  claim  whatsoever  or in  appearing  or
     preparing for  appearance as a witness in any action,  suit or  proceeding,
     including  any  inquiry,  investigation  or pretrial  proceeding  such as a
     deposition) to which the Placement Agent or such indemnified  person of the
     Placement  Agent may become  subject  under the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, the
     Rules and  Regulations,  or any other  federal or state law or  regulation,
     common law or  otherwise,  arising  out of or based upon (i) the conduct of
     the Investor or its officers, employees or representatives in its acting as
     the  Investor  for  the   Offering,   (ii)  the  material   breach  of  any
     representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by the Investor in the
     Offering Materials,  or (iii) any false or misleading  information provided
     to the Placement Agent by one of the Investor's indemnified persons.

          24. The Placement  Agent hereby agrees that it will indemnify and hold
     the  Investor  and  each  officer,  director,   shareholder,   employee  or
     representative of the Investor, and each person controlling,  controlled by
     or under common control with the Investor  within the meaning of Section 15
     of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act or the Rules and Regulations,
     harmless from and against any and all loss, claim, damage,  liability, cost
     or  expense  whatsoever  (including,  but  not  limited  to,  any  and  all
     reasonable  legal fees and other  expenses  and  disbursements  incurred in
     connection with investigating, preparing to defend or defending any action,
     suit or proceeding,  including any inquiry or  investigation,  commenced or
     threatened,  or any claim  whatsoever  or in  appearing  or  preparing  for
     appearance as a witness in any action,  suit or  proceeding,  including any
     inquiry,  investigation  or pretrial  proceeding  such as a deposition)  to
     which the  Investor or such  indemnified  person of the Investor may become
     subject under the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, the Rules and Regulations, or any
     other federal or state law or regulation,  common law or otherwise, arising
     out of or based upon the material breach of any  representation,  warranty,
     covenant or agreement made by the Placement Agent in this Agreement.

          25.  Promptly  after  receipt  by an  indemnified  party of  notice of
     commencement  of any action  covered by Section 7(A),  (B), (C) or (D), the
     party to be indemnified  shall,  within five (5) business days,  notify the
     indemnifying  party of the  commencement  thereof;  the omission by one (1)
     indemnified party to so notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve the
     indemnifying  party of its  obligation to indemnify  any other  indemnified
     party that has given such  notice and shall not  relieve  the  indemnifying
     party of any liability  outside of this  indemnification  if not materially
     prejudiced  thereby.  In the event that any action is brought  against  the
     indemnified  party, the indemnifying  party will be entitled to participate
     therein and, to the extent it may desire, to assume and control the defense
     thereof with counsel  chosen by it which is  reasonably  acceptable  to the
     indemnified  party.  After  notice  from  the  indemnifying  party  to such
     indemnified  party of its  election to so assume the defense  thereof,  the
     indemnifying  party will not be liable to such indemnified party under such
     Section 7(A), (B), (C), or (D) for any legal or other expenses subsequently
     incurred by such indemnified  party in connection with the defense thereof,
     but the  indemnified  party may, at its own  expense,  participate  in such
     defense  by  counsel  chosen  by  it,  without,   however,   impairing  the
     indemnifying party's control of the defense. Subject to the proviso of this
     sentence and  notwithstanding any other statement to the contrary contained
     herein, the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to choose its
     or their own counsel  and  control  the  defense of any action,  all at the
     expense of the  indemnifying  party if (i) the  employment  of such counsel
     shall  have  been  authorized  in  writing  by the  indemnifying  party  in
     connection  with  the  defense  of  such  action  at  the  expense  of  the
     indemnifying  party, or (ii) the indemnifying party shall not have employed
     counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party to have charge of
     the  defense  of such  action  within a  reasonable  time  after  notice of
     commencement  of the  action,  or (iii) such  indemnified  party or parties
     shall have reasonably  concluded that there may be defenses available to it
     or them which are different from or additional to those available to one or
     all of the  indemnifying  parties (in which case the  indemnifying  parties
     shall not have the right to direct the  defense of such action on behalf of
     the  indemnified  party or  parties),  in any of which events such fees and
     expenses  of one  additional  counsel  shall be  borne by the  indemnifying
     party;  provided,  however,  that the  indemnifying  party  shall  not,  in
     connection  with any one action or separate  but  substantially  similar or
     related  actions in the same  jurisdiction  arising out of the same general
     allegations or circumstance, be liable for the reasonable fees and expenses
     of more  than  one  separate  firm of  attorneys  at any  time for all such

                                       8
<PAGE>

     indemnified  parties.  No settlement of any action or proceeding against an
     indemnified  party shall be made  without  the consent of the  indemnifying
     party.

          26.  In  order to  provide  for just  and  equitable  contribution  in
     circumstances in which the indemnification  provided for in Section 7(A) or
     7(B) is due in  accordance  with its terms but is for any reason  held by a
     court to be unavailable on grounds of policy or otherwise,  the Company and
     the  Placement  Agent shall  contribute to the  aggregate  losses,  claims,
     damages  and  liabilities  (including  legal or other  expenses  reasonably
     incurred in connection with the investigation or defense of same) which the
     other may incur in such  proportion  so that the  Placement  Agent shall be
     responsible  for such  percent of the  aggregate  of such  losses,  claims,
     damages and liabilities as shall equal the percentage of the gross proceeds
     paid to the Placement  Agent and the Company shall be  responsible  for the
     balance;   provided,   however,   that  no  person   guilty  of  fraudulent
     misrepresentation within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act shall
     be  entitled  to  contribution  from any  person who was not guilty of such
     fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 7(F), any person
     controlling,  controlled  by or under  common  control  with the  Placement
     Agent, or any partner, director,  officer, employee,  representative or any
     agent of any  thereof,  shall have the same rights to  contribution  as the
     Placement Agent and each person controlling,  controlled by or under common
     control  with the Company  within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act
     or Section  20 of the 1934 Act and each  officer  of the  Company  and each
     director of the Company shall have the same rights to  contribution  as the
     Company. Any party entitled to contribution will, promptly after receipt of
     notice of commencement of any action, suit or proceeding against such party
     in respect of which a claim for  contribution may be made against the other
     party under this Section 7(D), notify such party from whom contribution may
     be sought,  but the  omission to so notify such party shall not relieve the
     party from whom  contribution  may be sought from any  obligation  they may
     have  hereunder  or otherwise  if the party from whom  contribution  may be
     sought is not materially prejudiced thereby.

          27.  The  indemnity  and  contribution  agreements  contained  in this
     Section 7 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of
     any  investigation  made by or on behalf of any  indemnified  person or any
     termination of this Agreement.

          28. The Company hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
     any right to or claim of any  punitive,  exemplary,  incidental,  indirect,
     special,  consequential or other damages  (including,  without  limitation,
     loss of profits)  against the Placement  Agent and each officer,  director,
     shareholder,  employee or  representative  of the placement  agent and each
     person  controlling,  controlled  by  or  under  common  control  with  the
     Placement Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section
     20 of the 1934 Act or the Rules and  Regulations  arising  out of any cause
     whatsoever  (whether  such cause be based in contract,  negligence,  strict
     liability,  other  tort  or  otherwise).  Notwithstanding  anything  to the
     contrary contained herein,  the aggregate  liability of the Placement Agent
     and each officer, director, shareholder,  employee or representative of the
     Placement Agent and each person controlling,  controlled by or under common
     control  with the  Placement  Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the
     1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act or the Rules and  Regulations  shall
     not exceed the  compensation  received by the Placement  Agent  pursuant to
     Section 2 hereof.  This limitation of liability  shall apply  regardless of
     the cause of action, whether contract, tort (including, without limitation,
     negligence)   or  breach  of  statute  or  any  other  legal  or  equitable
     obligation.

     Payment of Expenses.

     The Company  hereby agrees to bear all of the expenses in  connection  with
the Offering, including, but not limited to the following: filing fees, printing
and duplicating costs, advertisements, postage and mailing expenses with respect
to the  transmission of Offering  Materials,  registrar and transfer agent fees,
escrow agent fees and expenses,  fees of the Company's  counsel and accountants,
issue and transfer taxes, if any.

     Conditions of Closing.

     The Closing  shall be held at the offices of the  Investor or its  counsel.
The  obligations  of the  Placement  Agent  hereunder  shall be  subject  to the
continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company and the
Investor  herein  as of the  date  hereof  and as of the  Date of  Closing  (the
"Closing Date") with respect to the Company or the Investor, as the case may be,
as if it had been made on and as of such Closing Date; the accuracy on and as of
the Closing Date of the  statements of the officers of the Company made pursuant
to the provisions hereof;


                                       9
<PAGE>

and the  performance  by the Company  and the  Investor on and as of the Closing
Date of its covenants  and  obligations  hereunder and to the following  further
conditions:

          29. Upon the  effectiveness of a registration  statement  covering the
     Standby Equity Distribution Agreement, the Investor and the Placement Agent
     shall  receive the opinion of Counsel to the Company,  dated as of the date
     thereof,   which  opinion  shall  be  in  form  and  substance   reasonably
     satisfactory to the Investor, their counsel and the Placement Agent.

          30. At or prior to the Closing,  the Investor and the Placement  Agent
     shall have been furnished such documents,  certificates  and opinions as it
     may  reasonably  require for the purpose of enabling them to review or pass
     upon the matters referred to in this Agreement and the Offering  Materials,
     or in order to evidence the accuracy,  completeness  or satisfaction of any
     of the representations, warranties or conditions herein contained.

          31. At and prior to the Closing, (i) there shall have been no material
     adverse  change  nor  development  involving  a  prospective  change in the
     condition or prospects or the business activities,  financial or otherwise,
     of the  Company  from the latest  dates as of which such  condition  is set
     forth in the Offering Materials; (ii) there shall have been no transaction,
     not in the ordinary course of business except the transactions  pursuant to
     the Securities  Purchase  Agreement entered into by the Company on the date
     hereof which has not been  disclosed  in the  Offering  Materials or to the
     Placement  Agent in  writing;  (iii)  except as set  forth in the  Offering
     Materials,  the Company  shall not be in default under any provision of any
     instrument  relating to any outstanding  indebtedness for which a waiver or
     extension has not been otherwise received;  (iv) except as set forth in the
     Offering Materials, the Company shall not have issued any securities (other
     than those to be issued as provided in the Offering  Materials) or declared
     or paid any dividend or made any  distribution  of its capital stock of any
     class and there shall not have been any change in the indebtedness (long or
     short term) or liabilities  or  obligations  of the Company  (contingent or
     otherwise) and trade payable debt; (v) no material  amount of the assets of
     the Company  shall have been pledged or  mortgaged,  except as indicated in
     the Offering Materials; and (v) no action, suit or proceeding, at law or in
     equity,  against  the  Company  or  affecting  any  of  its  properties  or
     businesses shall be pending or threatened before or by any court or federal
     or state  commission,  board or other  administrative  agency,  domestic or
     foreign,   wherein  an  unfavorable  decision,   ruling  or  finding  could
     materially   adversely  affect  the  businesses,   prospects  or  financial
     condition  or income of the  Company,  except as set forth in the  Offering
     Materials.

          32. If requested at Closing the Investor and the Placement Agent shall
     receive a  certificate  of the Company  signed by an executive  officer and
     chief financial officer,  dated as of the applicable Closing, to the effect
     that the conditions set forth in subparagraph (C) above have been satisfied
     and that, as of the applicable closing,  the representations and warranties
     of the Company set forth herein are true and correct.

          33. The  Placement  Agent shall have no  obligation to insure that (x)
     any check,  note, draft or other means of payment for the Common Stock will
     be honored, paid or enforceable against the Investor in accordance with its
     terms,  or  (y)  subject  to  the  performance  of  the  Placement  Agent's
     obligations and the accuracy of the Placement Agent's  representations  and
     warranties  hereunder,  (1) the  Offering is exempt  from the  registration
     requirements of the 1933 Act or any applicable  state "Blue Sky" law or (2)
     the Investor is an Accredited Investor.

     Termination.

     This Agreement shall be co-terminus with, and terminate upon the same terms
and conditions as those set forth in, the Standby Equity Distribution Agreement.
The  rights  of the  Investor  and the  obligations  of the  Company  under  the
Registration  Rights  Agreement,  and the rights of the Placement  Agent and the
obligations  of the Company  shall  survive the  termination  of this  Agreement
unabridged.

     Miscellaneous.

          34. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each
     of which shall be deemed to be an  original,  but all which shall be deemed
     to be one and the same instrument.

          35. Any notice  required or permitted to be given  hereunder  shall be
     given in writing and shall be deemed effective when deposited in the United
     States mail, postage prepaid,  or when received if personally  delivered or
     faxed  (upon  confirmation  of  receipt  received  by the  sending  party),
     addressed as follows to such other address of which written notice is given
     to the others):

                                       10
<PAGE>

If to Placement Agent, to:       Newbridge Securities Corporation
                                 1451 Cypress Creek Road, Suite 204
                                 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33309
                                 Attention:        Doug Aguililla
                                 Telephone:        (954) 334-3450
                                 Facsimile:        (954) 229-9937

If to the Company, to:           Productivity Technologies Corporation
                                 3100 Copper Avenue
                                 Fenton, Michigan 48430
                                 Attention:        Jesse Levine, CFO
                                 Telephone:        (248) 219-5500
                                 Facsimile:        (248) 645-9701

With a copy to:                  Kirkpatrick & Lockhart LLP
                                 201 South Biscayne Boulevard - Suite 2000
                                 Miami, Florida  33131-2399
                                 Attention:        Clayton E. Parker, Esq.
                                 Telephone:        (305) 539-3300
                                 Facsimile:        (305) 358-7095

If to the Investor:              Cornell Capital Partners, LP
                                 101 Hudson Street - Suite 3700
                                 Jersey City, New Jersey  07302
                                 Attention:        Mark A. Angelo
                                                   Portfolio Manager
                                 Telephone:        (201) 985-8300
                                 Facsimile:        (201) 985-8266

With copies to:                  Cornell Capital Partners, LP
                                 101 Hudson Street - Suite 3700
                                 Jersey City, New Jersey  07302
                                 Attention:        Troy J. Rillo
                                 Telephone:        (201) 985-8300
                                 Facsimile:        (201) 985-8266

          36. This Agreement  shall be governed by and construed in all respects
     under  the  laws of the  State  of New  Jersey,  without  reference  to its
     conflict  of laws rules or  principles.  Any suit,  action,  proceeding  or
     litigation  arising out of or relating to this  Agreement  shall be brought
     and  prosecuted in such federal or state court or courts located within the
     State of New Jersey as provided by law. The parties hereby  irrevocably and
     unconditionally  consent to the  jurisdiction  of each such court or courts
     located  within  the State of New  Jersey  and to  service  of  process  by
     registered or certified  mail,  return receipt  requested,  or by any other
     manner   provided  by   applicable   law,   and  hereby   irrevocably   and
     unconditionally waive any right to claim that any suit, action,  proceeding
     or litigation so commenced has been commenced in an inconvenient forum.

          37. This Agreement and the other agreements  referenced herein contain
     the entire understanding between the parties hereto and may not be modified
     or  amended  except by a writing  duly  signed  by the party  against  whom
     enforcement of the modification or amendment is sought.

          38. If any provision of this Agreement  shall be held to be invalid or
     unenforceable,  such  invalidity or  unenforceability  shall not affect any
     other provision of this Agreement.



                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

                                       11
<PAGE>


     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

                                    COMPANY:
                                    PRODUCTIVITY TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

                                    By: /s/ Jesse A. Levine
                                        -------------------------
                                    Name:    Jesse A. Levine
                                    Title:   CFO


                                    PLACEMENT AGENT:
                                    NEWBRIDGE SECURITIES CORPORATION

                                    By: /s/ Guy S. Amico
                                        -------------------------
                                    Name:    Guy S. Amico
                                    Title:   President


                                    INVESTOR:
                                    CORNELL CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP

                                    By:      Yorkville Advisors, LLC
                                    Its:     General Partner

                                    By: /s/ Mark A. Angelo
                                        --------------------------
                                    Name:    Mark A. Angelo
                                    Title:   Portfolio Manager





