

                                                                   Exhibit 3.2

                             AMENDED AND RESTATED

                                    BYLAWS

                                      OF

                                RCN CORPORATION

                                   * * * * *

                                  ARTICLE I

                                    OFFICES

         Section 1. Registered Office. The registered office shall be in the
City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware.

         Section 2. Other Offices. The Corporation may also have offices at
such other places both within and without the State of Delaware as the Board
of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the
Corporation may require.

         Section 3. Books. The books of the Corporation may be kept within or
without of the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to
time determine or the business of the Corporation may require.

                                  ARTICLE II

                           MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

         Section 1. Time and Place of Meetings. All meetings of stockholders
shall be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware,
on such date and at such time as may be determined from time to time by the
Board of Directors (or the Chairman in the absence of a designation by the
Board of Directors).

         Section 2. Annual Meetings. Annual meetings of stockholders,
commencing with the year 2005, shall be held to elect directors and transact
such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting.

         Section 3. Special Meetings. Special meetings of stockholders may be
called by the Board of Directors, the Chairman or the Chief Executive Officer
of the Corporation and may not be called by any other person.

         Section 4. Notice of Meetings and Adjourned Meetings; Waivers of
Notice; Business at Meetings. (a) Whenever stockholders are required or
permitted to take any action at a meeting, a written notice of the meeting
shall be given which shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting, and,
in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the
meeting is called. Unless otherwise provided by the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware as the same exists or may hereafter be amended
("Delaware Law"), such notice shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60
days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to
vote at such meeting. Unless these bylaws otherwise require, when a meeting is
adjourned to another time or place (whether or not a quorum is present),
notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place
thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the
adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have
been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than
30 days, or after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned
meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder
of record entitled to vote at the meeting.

              (b) A written waiver of any such notice signed by the person
entitled thereto, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be
deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall
constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends
the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the
meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not
lawfully called or convened.

              (c) Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders
shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.

         Section 5. Quorum. Unless otherwise provided under the certificate of
incorporation or these bylaws and subject to Delaware Law, the presence, in
person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the outstanding capital
stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. A quorum, once
established, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave
less than a quorum. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or
represented at any meeting of the stockholders, the stockholders entitled to
vote thereat, present in person or by proxy, shall have the power to adjourn
the meeting from time to time, in the manner provided in Section 4, until a
quorum shall be present or represented.

         Section 6. Voting. (a) Unless otherwise provided in the certificate
of incorporation and subject to Delaware Law, each stockholder shall be
entitled to one vote for each outstanding share of capital stock of the
Corporation held by such stockholder. Unless otherwise provided in Delaware
Law, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the affirmative vote of
a majority of the total number of votes of the shares of capital stock of the
Corporation present, in person or by proxy, at a meeting of stockholders and
entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders,
other than with respect to the election of directors. Except as otherwise
provided in the certificate of incorporation and these bylaws, directors shall
be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at the meeting and entitled to
vote on the election of directors.

              (b) Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of
stockholders or to express consent or dissent to a corporate action in writing
without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for him by
proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after one year from its
date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period.

         Section 7. Organization. At each meeting of stockholders, the
Chairman, if one shall have been elected, (or in his absence or if one shall
not have been elected, the Chief Executive Officer) shall act as chairman of
the meeting. The Secretary (or in his absence or inability to act, the person
whom the chairman of the meeting shall appoint secretary of the meeting) shall
act as secretary of the meeting and keep the minutes thereof.

         Section 8. Order of Business. The order of business at all meetings
of stockholders shall be as determined by the chairman of the meeting.

         Section 9. Notice of Business. At any meeting of the stockholders,
only such business shall be conducted as shall have been brought before the
meeting (a) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (b) in the
case of an annual meeting of stockholders, by any stockholder of the
Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of the notice
provided for in this Section 9, who shall be entitled to vote at such meeting
and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 9 and
such business must be a proper subject for stockholder action under the
Delaware General Corporation Law. For business to be properly brought before
an annual meeting of stockholders by a stockholder, the stockholder must have
given timely notice thereof in writing to the secretary of the Corporation. To
be timely, a stockholder's notice shall be delivered to or mailed and received
at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than 60 days
nor more than 90 days prior to the meeting; provided, however, that in the
event that less than 70 days' notice or prior public disclosure of the date of
the meeting is given or made to stockholders, notice by the stockholder to be
timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the 10th
day following the day on which such notice of the date of the meeting or such
public disclosure was given or made, whichever first occurs. A stockholder's
notice to the secretary shall set forth as to each matter the stockholder
proposes to bring before the meeting (a) a brief description of the business
desired to be brought before the meeting and the reasons for conducting such
business at the meeting, (b) the name and address, as they appear on the
Corporation's books, of the stockholder proposing such business, (c) the class
and number of shares of the Corporation which are beneficially owned by the
stockholder and (d) any material interest of the stockholder in such business.
Notwithstanding anything in the bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be
conducted at a stockholder meeting except in accordance with the procedures
set forth in this Section 9, and no business shall be brought by a stockholder
before a special meeting of stockholders. The chairman of the meeting shall,
if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was
not properly brought before the meeting and in accordance with the provisions
of the bylaws, and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the
meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall
not be transacted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, provisions of this Section
9, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules and regulations thereunder with
respect to the matters set forth in this Section 9.

         Section 10. Nomination of Directors. Only persons who are nominated
in accordance with the procedures set forth in these bylaws shall be eligible
to serve as directors. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of
Directors of the Corporation may be made at a meeting of stockholders (a) by
or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (b) by any stockholder of the
Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice
provided for in this Section 10, who shall be entitled to vote for the
election of directors at the meeting and who complies with the notice
procedures set forth in this Section 10. Such nominations, other than those
made by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, shall be made pursuant
to timely notice in writing to the secretary of the Corporation. To be timely,
a stockholder's notice shall be delivered to or mailed and received at the
principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than 60 days nor more
than 90 days prior to the meeting; provided, however, that in the event that
less than 70 days' notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the
meeting is given or made to stockholders, notice by the stockholder to be
timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the 10th
day following the day on which such notice of the date of the meeting or such
public disclosure was given or made, whichever first occurs. Such
stockholder's notice shall set forth (a) as to each person whom the
stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director all
information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in
solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or is otherwise required,
in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (including such person's written consent to being named in the proxy
statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); and (b) as to
the stockholder giving the notice (i) the name and address, as they appear on
the Corporation's books, of such stockholder, (ii) the class and number of
shares of the Corporation which are beneficially owned by such stockholder,
(iii) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such
stockholder and each proposed nominee and any other person or persons
(including their names and addresses) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are
to be made by such stockholder and (iv) any other information relating to such
stockholder that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for
election of directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to
Section 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. At the request of the
Board of Directors, any person nominated by the Board of Directors for
election as a director shall furnish to the secretary of the Corporation that
information required to be set forth in a stockholder's notice of nomination
which pertains to the nominee. No person shall be eligible to serve as a
director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures
set forth in this bylaw. The chairman of the meeting shall, if the facts
warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination was not made
in accordance with the procedures prescribed by the bylaws, and if he should
so determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and the defective nomination
shall be disregarded. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section
10, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules and regulations thereunder with
respect to the matters set forth in this Section.



                                 ARTICLE III

                                   DIRECTORS

         Section 1. General Powers. Except as otherwise provided in Delaware
Law or the certificate of incorporation, the business and affairs of the
Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of
Directors.

         Section 2. Number, Classes, Term of Office, etc. The Board of
Directors shall consist of not less than three nor more than fifteen
directors, with the exact number of directors to be determined from time to
time solely by resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
entire Board of Directors. Except as otherwise provided in the certificate of
incorporation, each director shall serve for a one-year term ending on the
date of the annual meeting of stockholders next following the annual meeting
at which such director was elected. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each
director shall hold office until such director's successor shall have been
duly elected and qualified or until such director's earlier death, resignation
or removal. In no event will a decrease in the number of directors shorten the
term of any incumbent director. Directors need not be stockholders.

         Section 3. Quorum and Manner of Acting. Unless the certificate of
incorporation or these bylaws require a greater number, 50% of the total
number of directors serving as directors shall constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business, and the affirmative vote of a majority of the
directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act
of the Board of Directors. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or
place (whether or not a quorum is present), notice need not be given of the
adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting
at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Board of
Directors may transact any business which might have been transacted at the
original meeting. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board
of Directors, the directors present at such meeting may adjourn the meeting,
from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting,
until a quorum shall be present.

         Section 4. Time and Place of Meetings. The Board of Directors shall
hold its meetings at such place, either within or without the State of
Delaware, and at such time as may be determined from time to time by the Board
of Directors (or the Chairman in the absence of a determination by the Board
of Directors).

         Section 5. Annual Meeting. The Board of Directors shall meet for the
purpose of electing officers and transacting other business, as soon as
practicable after each annual meeting of stockholders, on the same day and at
the same place where such annual meeting shall be held. Notice of such meeting
need not be given. In the event such annual meeting is not so held, the annual
meeting of the Board of Directors may be held at such place either within or
without the State of Delaware, on such date and at such time as shall be
specified in a notice thereof given as hereinafter provided in Section 7 of
this Article III or in a waiver of notice thereof signed by any director who
chooses to waive the requirement of notice.

         Section 6. Regular Meetings. After the place and time of regular
meetings of the Board of Directors shall have been determined and notice
thereof shall have been once given to each member of the Board of Directors,
regular meetings may be held without further notice being given.

         Section 7. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of
Directors may be called by the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer or the
President and shall be called by the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer,
the President or the Secretary on the written request of three directors.
Notice of special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be given to each
director at least three days before the date of the meeting in such manner as
is determined by the Board of Directors.

         Section 8. Waiver of Notice. Whenever any notice is required by law,
the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws to be given to any director
or member of a committee, a waiver thereof in writing, signed, by the person
or persons entitled to said notice, whether before or after the time stated
therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a
meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where the
person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the
beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the
meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

         Section 9. Committees. The Board of Directors shall elect from the
directors an executive committee, a compensation committee and an audit
committee and may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board,
designate one or more other committees, each committee to consist of one or
more of the directors of the Corporation. Each committee shall keep regular
minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board of Directors when
required. The specific powers and duties of the executive committee, the
compensation committee and the audit committee are set forth below:

              (a) The executive committee shall consist of not less than 3 and
not more than 6 members as shall be determined by the Board of Directors in
addition to the Chairman, who by virtue of his office shall be a member of the
executive committee and chairman thereof. To the fullest extent permitted by
Delaware Law, the executive committee shall have all the powers of the Board
of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation
at all times when the Board of Directors is not in session.

              (b) The compensation committee shall consist of such number of
members as shall be determined by the Board of Directors, shall make
recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding compensation and benefits
and shall have such other duties as determined by the Board of Directors.

              (c) The audit committee shall consist of such number of members
as shall be determined by the Board of Directors, shall make recommendations
to the Board of Directors regarding the auditing of the Corporation's books
and records, the audit process and the Corporation's independent public
accountants and shall have such other duties as determined by the Board of
Directors. None of the members of the audit committee shall be directly
involved in the supervision or management of the financial affairs of this
Corporation or any of its subsidiaries.

         Section 10. Action by Consent. Unless otherwise restricted by the
certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, any action required or permitted
to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee
thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board or
committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic
transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or
transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or
committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in
paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in
electronic form.

         Section 11. Telephonic Meetings. Unless otherwise restricted by the
certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, members of the Board of
Directors, or any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of the Board
of Directors, or such committee, as the case may be, by means of conference
telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons
participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a
meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

         Section 12. Resignation. Any director may resign at any time by
giving written notice to the Board of Directors or to the Secretary of the
Corporation. The resignation of any director shall take effect upon receipt of
notice thereof or at such later time as shall be specified in such notice; and
unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall
not be necessary to make it effective.

         Section 13. Vacancies. Unless otherwise provided in the certificate
of incorporation, vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from death,
resignation, removal or otherwise and newly created directorships resulting
from any increase in the number of directors may be filled solely by a
majority of the directors then in office (even if less than a quorum) or by
the sole remaining director. Each director so elected shall hold office for a
term that shall coincide with the term of the Class to which such director
shall have been elected. If there are no directors in office, then an election
of directors may be held in accordance with Delaware Law. Unless otherwise
provided in the certificate of incorporation, when one or more directors shall
resign from the Board, effective at a future date, a majority of the directors
then in office, including those who have so resigned, shall have the power to
fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such
resignation or resignations shall become effective, and each director so
chosen shall hold office as provided in the filling of other vacancies.

         Section 14. Removal. No director may be removed from office by the
stockholders except for cause with the affirmative vote of the holders of not
less than a majority of the total voting power of all outstanding securities
of the corporation then entitled to vote generally in the election of
directors, voting together as a single class.

         Section 15. Compensation. Unless otherwise restricted by the
certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the Board of Directors shall
have authority to fix the compensation of directors, including fees and
reimbursement of expenses.

                                  ARTICLE IV

                                   OFFICERS

         Section 1. Principal Officers. The principal officers of the
Corporation shall be a Chairman, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a
President of Technology, one or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer and a
Secretary who shall have the duty, among other things, to record the
proceedings of the meetings of stockholders and directors in a book kept for
that purpose. The Corporation may also have such other principal officers,
including one or more Controllers, as the Board may in its discretion appoint.
One person may hold the offices and perform the duties of any two or more of
said offices, except that no one person shall hold the offices and perform the
duties of President and Secretary.

         Section 2. Election and Term of Office. The principal officers of the
Corporation shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors at the annual
meeting thereof. Each such officer shall hold office until his successor is
elected and qualified, or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. Any
vacancy in any office shall be filled in such manner as the Board of Directors
shall determine.

         Section 3. Subordinate Officers. In addition to the principal
officers enumerated in Section 1 of this Article IV, the Corporation may have
one or more Assistant Treasurers, Assistant Secretaries and Assistant
Controllers and such other subordinate officers, agents and employees as the
Board of Directors may deem necessary, each of whom shall hold office for such
period as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. The Board of
Directors may delegate to any principal officer the power to appoint and to
remove any such subordinate officers, agents or employees.

         Section 4. Removal. Any officer may be removed, with or without
cause, at any time, by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors.

         Section 5. Resignations. Any officer may resign at any time by giving
written notice to the Board of Directors (or to a principal officer if the
Board of Directors has delegated to such principal officer the power to
appoint and to remove such officer). The resignation of any officer shall take
effect upon receipt of notice thereof or at such later time as shall be
specified in such notice; and unless otherwise specified therein, the
acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

         Section 6. Chairman. The Chairman shall preside at all meetings of
the Board of Directors and of shareholders, shall be responsible for the
observation by the Corporation of these by-laws and shall have such other
duties as shall be set forth in the resolution of the Board by which the
appointment of the Chairman is made.

         Section 7. Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall
have general supervision over the business and operations of the Corporation
and may perform any act and execute any instrument for the conduct of such
business and operations. In the Chairman's absence, the Chief Executive
Officer shall preside at all meetings of the Board and of the shareholders.

         Section 8. Powers and Duties of Other Officers. The other officers of
the Corporation shall have such powers and perform such duties incident to
each of their respective offices and such other duties as may from time to
time be conferred upon or assigned to them by the Board of Directors.

                                  ARTICLE V

                              GENERAL PROVISIONS

         Section 1. Fixing the Record Date. (a) In order that the Corporation
may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting
of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a
record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the
resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and
which record date shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the
date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors,
the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote
at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day
preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the
close of business on the day preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A
determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a
meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting;
provided that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the
adjourned meeting.

              (b) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders
entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment
of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect
of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any
other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which
record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the
record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than 60 days
prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for
determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of
business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution
relating thereto.

         Section 2. Dividends. Subject to limitations contained in Delaware
Law and the certificate of incorporation, the Board of Directors may declare
and pay dividends upon the shares of capital stock of the Corporation, which
dividends may be paid in cash, in property or in shares of the capital stock
of the Corporation.

         Section 3. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall
commence on January 1 and end on December 31 of each year.

         Section 4. Corporate Seal. The corporate seal shall have inscribed
thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its organization and the
words "Corporate Seal, Delaware". The seal may be used by causing it or a
facsimile thereof to be impressed, affixed or otherwise reproduced.

         Section 5. Voting of Stock Owned by the Corporation. The Board of
Directors may authorize any person, on behalf of the Corporation, to attend,
vote at and grant proxies to be used at any meeting of stockholders of any
corporation (except this Corporation) in which the Corporation may hold stock.

         Section 6. Amendments. These bylaws or any of them, may be altered,
amended or repealed, or new bylaws may be made, by the Board of Directors or
by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the
total voting power of all outstanding securities of the Corporation then
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a
single class.



