

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1


                                                             105 Carnegie Center
                                                             Princeton, NJ 08540


Contact:
Deborah Royster, RCN Sr. Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate
Secretary, 609-734-3811


               RCN CORPORATION ANNOUNCES EMERGENCE FROM BANKRUPTCY
           ALSO COMPLETES ACQUISITION OF STARPOWER COMMUNICATIONS, LLC


PRINCETON, N.J., DECEMBER 22, 2004 - RCN Corporation (NASDAQ:RCNIV) announced
today that it had consummated its plan of reorganization and formally emerged
from Chapter 11. The plan, confirmed on December 8, 2004, by Judge Robert
Drain of the Bankruptcy Court in New York, converted approximately $1.2
billion in unsecured obligations into 100% of RCN's new equity, and eliminated
approximately $1.8 billion in preferred share obligations.

RCN's emergence financing was comprised principally of borrowings under a new
senior secured financing facility syndicated by Deutsche Bank AG Cayman
Islands Branch in the amount of $330 million. In addition, RCN issued $125
million of convertible second-lien notes to certain investors and holders of
the company's pre-petition bond obligations. The proceeds from the Deutsche
Bank facility and the convertible second-lien notes were primarily utilized to
pay in full secured indebtedness held by a syndicate of lenders led by
JPMorgan Chase Bank.

RCN also announced today that it had completed the acquisition of PEPCO's 50%
stake in the StarPower Communications, LLC joint venture, enabling RCN to take
full ownership of the Washington, D.C. market for bundled telephone, cable
television and high-speed Internet services.

ABOUT RCN CORPORATION
RCN Corporation is the nation's first and largest facilities-based competitive
provider of bundled phone, cable and high speed internet services delivered
over its own fiber-optic local network to consumers in the most densely
populated markets in the U.S. RCN provides service in the Boston, New York,
Eastern Pennsylvania, Washington, D.C., Chicago, San Francisco and Los Angeles
metropolitan markets.

WHERE THE READER CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION
RCN, as a reporting company, is subject to the informational requirements of
the Exchange Act and accordingly files its annual report on Form 10-K, which
was filed on March 30, 2004, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports
on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Materials
filed with the SEC may be read and copied at the SEC's Public Reference Room
at 450 Fifth Street, NW, Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at (800)
SEC-0330 for further information on the Public Reference Room. As an
electronic filer, RCN's public filings are maintained on the SEC's Internet
site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other

<PAGE>

information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The
address of that website is http://www.sec.gov. In addition, RCN's annual
report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form
8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act may be accessed free of charge through our
website as soon as reasonably practical after RCN has electronically filed
such material with, or furnished it to, the SEC. Since September 30, 2003, all
reports pursuant to the Exchange Act that RCN has filed with, or furnished to,
the SEC have been timely posted on our website. The address of that website is
www.rcn.com/investor/secfilings.php.

RCN FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This press release contains forward-looking statements regarding future events
and future performance of RCN that involve risks and uncertainties that could
materially affect actual results. This information is qualified in its
entirety by cautionary statements and risk factors disclosure contained in
certain of RCN's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. For a description
of certain factors that could cause actual results to vary from current
expectations and forward-looking statements contained in this press release,
refer to documents that RCN files from time to time with the Securities and
Exchange Commission.

                                       2

