


<PAGE>

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

              AMERICAN BUSINESS FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. ANNOUNCES
        LIQUIDITY ISSUES AND INABILITY TO REPAY MATURING DEBT OBLIGATIONS



         Philadelphia, PA ... December 23, 2004 ... American Business Financial
Services, Inc. (ABFS) (NASDAQ: ABFI), today announced it filed a registration
statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission in October 2004 and is
unable to sell subordinated debentures until this registration statement is
declared effective. This delay continues to adversely affect the Company's
liquidity. The Company is unable to predict whether or when it will get through
the SEC registration process or the results of such process and, as a result,
the Company is unable to determine at this time when or whether it will be able
to commence sales of the subordinated debentures under the new registration
statement.

         The Company's limited ability to sell subordinated debt during the
second quarter of fiscal 2005 and the level of subdebt redemptions experienced
during this period seriously depleted the Company's cash. As a result, the
Company is currently unable to make principal and interest payments when due
under the terms of the indentures relating to the Company's subordinated
debentures and senior collateralized subordinated notes. The Company's inability
to make principal and interest payments when due creates an event of default
under the terms of these indentures. As a result of the foregoing, the Company
may seek protection under the federal bankruptcy laws or may be forced into an
involuntary bankruptcy filing. The Company is preparing for this strategic
alternative should it become necessary.

         As a result of the Company's continuing liquidity issues, including its
limited ability to sell subordinated debentures during the second quarter of
fiscal 2005, the Company is currently not in compliance with several
requirements in both of its credit facilities. Under the terms of these credit
facilities, this noncompliance creates an event of default and the lenders may
declare all amounts outstanding under the facilities immediately due and
payable; however, to date, the lenders have not elected to take such action. An
event of default under these credit facilities also creates an event of default
under other debt instruments to which the Company is a party. The Company is in
discussions with its lenders regarding these defaults. There can be no assurance
that the Company will be able to obtain the necessary waivers or that the
waivers will not contain conditions that are unacceptable to the Company. The
Company has also received a notice from the landlord of its Philadelphia
facility that the Company is in default under its lease.

         As previously disclosed, at various times since June 30, 2003, the
Company has been also been out of compliance with the net worth requirement in
several of its pooling and servicing agreements and sale and servicing
agreements (collectively referred to in this document as the servicing
agreements) and has been required to obtain waivers from and amendments to these
agreements. As a result of the amendments to the Company's servicing agreements,
all of the Company's servicing agreements associated with bond insurers now
provide for term-to-term servicing and, in the case of its servicing agreements
with two bond insurers, the Company's rights as servicer may be terminated at
the expiration of a servicing term in the sole discretion of the bond insurer.
The waiver of the net worth covenant, and the reappointment of the Company as a
servicer that it had received from one of the Company's bond insurers expired on
December 14, 2004. As a condition for further extensions and waivers, this bond
insurer required the Company to appoint a backup servicer and satisfy other
requirements related to the servicing of these loans. Although the Company
expects to obtain the necessary waiver and extension of the servicing agreement,
there can be no assurance that the Company will continue to receive the waivers
and servicing agreement extensions the Company needs to operate or that such
waivers or extensions will not contain conditions that are unacceptable to the
Company. Moreover, the Company was also notified of an event of default under
the amended servicing agreement by one of the Company's bond insurers.
<PAGE>

         In addition, as a result of these developments, the Company has
determined to postpone until further notice its annual meeting of shareholders
previously scheduled for December 27, 2004 at 3:00 p.m. The Company has also
determined to postpone its contemplated closing of an exchange offer which was
previously scheduled to close on December 31, 2004.

         American Business Financial Services, Inc., together with its
subsidiaries, is a financial services organization operating mainly in the
eastern and central portions of the United States and California. The Company
originates, sells and services home mortgage loans through its principal direct
and indirect subsidiaries.

         For further information, contact Keith Bratz, VP--Corporate
Communications, 215-940-4525 or Bruce Boyle at 215-850-4639.

                                      # # #

         Certain statements contained in this press release, which are not
historical facts, may be deemed to be forward-looking statements under federal
securities laws. There are many important factors that could cause American
Business Financial Services, Inc. and its subsidiaries' actual results to differ
materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Such factors
include, but are not limited to, ability to obtain financing, amount of debt
outstanding, restrictive covenants in debt instruments, ability to successfully
implement changes in business strategy, ability to maintain the listing on the
NASDAQ National Market System, valuation of the interest-only strips and
servicing rights retained by the Company, general economic conditions, including
interest rate risk, future residential real estate values, regulatory changes
(legislative or otherwise) affecting the mortgage lending and real estate
industries, regulatory investigations of lending practices, lending to
credit-impaired borrowers, competition, demand for the Company's products,
relationships with brokers, loan prepayment rates, delinquency and default
rates, access to securitization markets, changes in factors influencing or
interruptions in securitization and whole loan sale markets and other risks
identified in the Company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings.



