
<PAGE>

                                                                     Exhibit 5.2

                                                     The Kroger Co.
                                                     1014 Vine Street
                                                     Cincinnati, OH  45202-1100

                                                     December 9, 2004

Board of Directors
The Kroger Co.
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, OH  45202

Ladies and Gentlemen:

I am familiar with the proceedings taken and proposed to be taken by The Kroger
Co., an Ohio corporation, together with such of its subsidiary corporations as
may be co-registrants (collectively, the "Company"), in connection with the
issuance of up to $1,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of debt securities,
preferred stock, depositary shares, common stock, and warrants remaining from
the original $2,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount registered under the
Registration Statement to which this opinion applies (collectively, the
"Securities"). I have acted as counsel to the Company in connection with its
preparation of a Registration Statement relating to such issuance of the
Securities and the public sale thereof on Form S-3, as amended by Amendment No.
1 and Post-Effective Amendment No. 1, filed by the Company with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the "Registration Statement") for the registration of
the Securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act"). I have
examined the Registration Statement, as amended, and the exhibits thereto; the
Amended Articles of Incorporation and Regulations of the Company; the corporate
minutes of the proceedings of the directors and shareholders of the Company; and
such other records and documents as I have deemed necessary in order to express
the opinions hereinafter set forth.

Based upon the foregoing, I am of the opinion that, when the indenture (in the
case of debt securities) and the warrant agreement (in the case of warrants) has
been duly executed and delivered, and the Securities have been duly executed and
authenticated in accordance with the terms of the instruments under which they
are being issued, and issued and sold in accordance with the underwriting
agreement related thereto, the Securities will constitute the valid and binding
obligations of the Company.

The foregoing opinion is subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or other
laws affecting creditors' rights generally, as from time to time in effect, and
to general equity principles.

<PAGE>

I consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration
Statement and to the reference to me in the Registration Statement under the
caption "Legal Opinions" therein. In giving such consent, I do not admit that I
am in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the
Act.

                                             Very truly yours,

                                             (Paul W. Heldman)
                                             Paul W. Heldman
                                             Senior Vice President, Secretary
                                                and General Counsel

