
                                                                    Exhibit 99.1

[CONSTELLATION LOGO]
NEWS RELEASE
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE               CONTACTS
                                    CONSTELLATION MEDIA RELATIONS:
                                    Philippa Dworkin -- 585-218-3733
                                    Mike Martin -- 585-218-3669
                                    CONSTELLATION INVESTOR RELATIONS:
                                    Lisa Schnorr -- 585-218-3677
                                    Bob Czudak - 585-218-3668

                  CONSTELLATION BRANDS COMPLETES ACQUISITION OF
                         THE ROBERT MONDAVI CORPORATION

     FAIRPORT, N.Y., DEC. 22, 2004 - Constellation Brands, Inc. (NYSE: STZ,
ASX: CBR) today announced that, following receipt of all necessary approvals, it
has completed its acquisition of The Robert Mondavi Corporation (NASDAQ: MOND).
Mondavi shareholders overwhelmingly approved the combination at today's annual
shareholder meeting, with more than 80 percent of the votes cast by the Class A
shareholders and 94 percent of the votes cast by the Class B shareholders
favoring the adoption of the merger agreement. Mondavi is now a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Constellation.

     In connection with the completion of the transaction, Mondavi's Class A
common stock will cease trading on NASDAQ at the close of markets today,
December 22, 2004. As previously announced, Mondavi's Class A common
shareholders will receive $56.50 per share in cash and Mondavi's Class B common
shareholders will receive $65.82 per share in cash.

     "Today opens a new chapter for Constellation and the Robert Mondavi brand,"
stated Constellation Brands Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Sands.
"With the successful completion of this landmark transaction, Constellation
offers an unmatched wine portfolio with expanded fine wine offerings, in
addition to our broad portfolio of leading brands in the spirits and imported
beer categories and unparalleled global distribution capabilities.

     "This is a winning combination that preserves and enhances the heritage of
both companies and will produce outstanding wines for generations to come,"
continued Sands. "We welcome Mondavi's dedicated and experienced employees to
Constellation as we continue our tradition of industry leadership, and we're
eager to expand the Mondavi wine presence around the world."


ABOUT CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC.
- --------------------------------

     Constellation Brands, Inc. is a leading international producer and marketer
of beverage alcohol brands with a broad portfolio across the wine, spirits and
imported beer categories. Constellation Brands is also the largest fine wine
company in the United States. Well-known brands in Constellation's beverage
alcohol portfolio include: Corona Extra, Pacifico, St. Pauli Girl, Tsingtao,
Black Velvet, Fleischmann's, Mr. Boston, Paul Masson Grande Amber Brandy,
Franciscan Oakville Estate, Estancia, Simi, Ravenswood, Blackstone, Banrock
Station, Hardys, Nobilo, Alice White, Vendange, Almaden, Arbor Mist, Stowells
and Blackthorn. With the completion of the Mondavi acquisition, additional
well-known brands such as Woodbridge, Robert Mondavi Private Selection and the
Robert Mondavi Napa, District and Reserve wines are now part of Constellation's
portfolio of fine wine offerings. For more information about Constellation
Brands and its products, visit the company's Web site at www.cbrands.com.

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
- --------------------------

     This press release contains certain comments or "forward-looking
statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. Some of these risks and uncertainties include factors relating to
Constellation's ability to integrate Mondavi's business successfully and realize
expected synergies, the continued strength of Mondavi's relationships with its
employees, suppliers and customers, and the accuracy of the basis for forecasts
relating to Mondavi's business. For additional information about risks and
uncertainties that could adversely affect Constellation's forward-looking
statements, please refer to Constellation's and Mondavi's publicly available
reports filed with the SEC, including the most current annual report, 10-K and
10-Q which contain a discussion of additional factors that may affect
Constellation's business. These factors could cause actual future performance to
differ from current expectations. Constellation does not undertake to update any
forward-looking statements.

                                      # # #

