

                                                                   Exhibit 8.1
                                                                   -----------


                        SIDLEY AUSTIN BROWN & WOOD LLP

       BEIJING               787 SEVENTH AVENUE               LOS ANGELES
        ----              NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10019                ----
      BRUSSELS            TELEPHONE 212 839 5300                NEW YORK
        ----               FACSIMILE 212 839 5599                 ----
       CHICAGO                 www.sidley.com                SAN FRANCISCO
        ----                                                      ----
       DALLAS                  FOUNDED 1866                     SHANGHAI
        ----                                                      ----
       GENEVA                                                  SINGAPORE
        ----                                                      ----
      HONG KONG                                                   TOKYO
        ----                                                      ----
       LONDON                                               WASHINGTON, D.C.






                                              December 29, 2004

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

<S>                                                  <C>
Standard & Poor's,                                   Banc of America Securities LLC
 a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.       214 North Tryon Street
55 Water Street                                      NC1-027-21-04
New York, New York 10041-0003                        Charlotte, North Carolina  28255

Fitch, Inc.                                          Deutsche Bank National Trust Company
One State Street Plaza                               1761 East St. Andrew Place
New York, New York 10004                             Santa Ana, California 92705-4934

Goldman, Sachs & Co.
85 Broad Street
New York, New York 10004

</TABLE>


          Re:  IndyMac MBS, Inc.
               Residential Asset Securitization Trust, Series 2004-A10
               Mortgage-Pass Through Certificates, Series 2004-J
               -------------------------------------------------------


Ladies and Gentlemen:

     We have acted as special counsel for IndyMac MBS, Inc, a Delaware
corporation (the "Depositor"), in connection with the issuance of the Mortgage
Pass-Through Certificates of the above-referenced Series (the "Certificates").
The Certificates will represent the entire beneficial ownership interest in
Residential Asset Securitization Trust 2004-A10 (the "Trust"). The Trust is
being formed and the Certificates are being issued pursuant to a Pooling and
Servicing Agreement dated as of December 1, 2004 (the "Pooling and Servicing
Agreement"), among the


<PAGE>


Depositor, IndyMac Bank, F.S.B., a federal savings bank ("IndyMac Bank"), as
seller and master servicer, and Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, as
trustee.

     Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this opinion letter are used
as defined in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement.

     In arriving at the opinions expressed below, we have examined such
documents and records as we deemed appropriate, including the following:

     (i)  Signed copy of the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No.
          333-119384) filed by the Depositor with the Securities and Exchange
          Commission (the "Commission") under the Securities Act of 1933, as
          amended (the "1933 Act"), on September 29, 2004, together with each
          amendment thereto (such registration statement, as amended, and
          declared effective by the Commission on October 12, 2004) (such
          registration statement is referred to herein as the "Registration
          Statement");

     (ii) The Prospectus dated October 26, 2004 (the "Basic Prospectus"), as
          supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement relating to the Public
          Certificates, dated December 23, 2004 (the "Prospectus Supplement"),
          in the form to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)
          under the 1933 Act (the Basic Prospectus, as supplemented by the
          Prospectus Supplement, the "Prospectus");

    (iii) Signed copy of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement;

     (iv) The underwriting agreement dated December 23, 2004 among the
          Depositor, Banc of America Securities LLC and Goldman, Sachs & Co.
          (the "Underwriting Agreement"); and

     (v)  Specimen Certificate of each Class of Certificates (together with
          the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus
          Supplement, the Pooling and Servicing Agreement and the Underwriting
          Agreement, the "Documents").

     In rendering the opinions set forth below, we have assumed, without
independent investigation, that all of the Documents furnished to us are
complete and authentic and that all of the Documents have been duly
authorized, executed and delivered. Our opinions are also based on the
assumption that all parties to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement will comply
with the terms thereof, including all tax reporting requirements contained
therein and that all representations made in the Pooling and Servicing
Agreement by any party thereto are true, and that the issuance of the
Certificates and the other transactions set forth in or contemplated by the
Documents are not part of another transaction or another series of
transactions that would require the Trust Fund, any investor or any other
participant to treat such transaction or transactions as subject to the
disclosure, registration, or list maintenance requirements of Section 6011,
6111, or 6112 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

     Based upon the foregoing, we are of the opinion that: (i) each REMIC
created pursuant to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement will qualify as a real
estate mortgage investment conduit within the meaning of Section 860D of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the


<PAGE>


"Code"), (ii) the Certificates, other than the Class A-R Certificate, will be
treated as regular interests in the Master REMIC, and (iii) the Class A-R
Certificates represent ownership of the sole class of residual interest in
each REMIC created pursuant to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement.

     These opinions are based upon the existing provisions of the Code and
Treasury regulations issued or proposed thereunder, published Revenue Rulings
and releases of the Internal Revenue Service and existing case law, any of
which could be changed at any time. Any such changes could be retroactive in
application and could modify the legal conclusions upon which such opinions
are based. Such opinion is limited as described above, and we do not express
an opinion on any other tax aspect of the transactions contemplated by the
Pooling and Servicing Agreement or the effect of such transaction on Indymac
Bank, any member of its federal consolidated group or any wholly owned
affiliates.

     In rendering the foregoing opinions, we express no opinion as to the laws
of any jurisdiction other than the federal income tax laws of the United
States. This opinion letter is rendered as of the date hereof and we undertake
no obligation to update this opinion letter or advise you of any changes in
the event there is any change in legal authorities, facts, assumptions or
documents on which this opinion letter is based (including the taking of any
action by any party to the Documents pursuant to any opinion of counsel or a
waiver), or any inaccuracy in any of the representations, warranties or
assumptions upon which we have relied in rendering this opinion letter unless
we are specifically engaged to do so. This opinion letter is rendered only to
those to whom it is addressed and may not be relied on in connection with any
transactions other than the transactions contemplated herein. This opinion
letter may not be relied upon for any other purpose, or relied upon by any
other person, firm or corporation for any purpose, without our prior written
consent.



                                    Very truly yours,



                                    /s/ Sidley Austin Brown & Wood LLP
                                    ----------------------------------
                                    Sidley Austin Brown & Wood LLP

