-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 CNceQ9vh4zfxyERKYgeU8Z/GgY3V8fAmTHogXIexf5ou80dYgArfYKOr4lMQZi3Q
 +N6+AVIcx6w4E17tOj9JYw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001022408-04-000093.txt : 20041227
<SEC-HEADER>0001022408-04-000093.hdr.sgml : 20041224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041227171007
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001022408-04-000093
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041223
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EPLUS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001022408
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE LESSORS [6172]
		IRS NUMBER:				541817218
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28926
		FILM NUMBER:		041227001

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 HERNDON PARKWAY
		CITY:			HERNDON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20176
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7038345710

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 HERNDON PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			HERNDON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20170

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MLC HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960906
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>f_8k20041227.txt
<TEXT>
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT

     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

        Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 23, 2004


                                   EPLUS INC.
              -----------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                  Delaware                000-28926           54-1817218
               --------------          --------------       --------------
     (State or other jurisdiction  (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer
              of incorporation)                             Identification No.)

            13595 Dulles Technology Drive, Herndon, Virginia 20171-3413
               -----------------------------------------------------
          (Address, including zip code, of principal executive office)

                                 (703) 984-8400
                                 --------------
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Check  the  appropriate  box  below  if the  Form  8-K  filing  is  intended  to
simultaneously  satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):

[   ]   Written communications pursuant to Rule 425  under  the  Securities  Act
        (17 CFR 230.425)

[   ]   Soliciting  material  pursuant to Rule  14a-12  under  the  Exchange Act
        (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

[   ]   Pre-commencement  communications pursuant  to Rule  14d-2(b)  under  the
        Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[   ]   Pre-commencement  communications  pursuant to  Rule 13e-4(c)  under  the
        Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))



















                                      -1-


<PAGE>
Item 1.01         Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement

On December 23, 2004,  ePlus inc. ("the  Company")  entered into an office lease
agreement  with Norton  Building 1, LLC ("the  Landlord")  pursuant to which the
Company will lease 50,322 square feet for use as its principal headquarters. The
property is located at 13595 Dulles Technology  Drive,  Herndon,  Virginia.  The
term of the lease is for five  years  with one  five-year  renewal  option.  The
monthly  rent is  $19.50  per  square  foot  for  the  first  year,  with a rent
escalation of three percent per year for each year thereafter.

Phillip G.  Norton is the  Trustee of Norton  Building 1, LLC and is Chairman of
the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

The foregoing  description of the lease is qualified in entirety by reference to
the lease,  a copy of which is included  with the Current  Report on Form 8-K as
Exhibit 10.1, and incorporated by reference.

Item 9.01         Financial Statements and Exhibits

(a) Not applicable.

(b) Not applicable.

(c) The following exhibit is included with this Report:

Exhibit 10.1 Deed of Lease by and between ePlus inc. and Norton  Building 1, LLC
dated as of December 23, 2004.


                                      -2-
<PAGE>
                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant  to the  requirements  of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of  1934,  the
Registrant  has duly  caused  this  report  to be  signed  on its  behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.





                                                    EPLUS INC.


Date:  December 27, 2004
                                                    By:  /s/ STEVEN J. MENCARINI
                                                    ----------------------------
                                                             Steven J. Mencarini
                                                         Chief Financial Officer














                                      -3-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>f_exh10-1.txt
<TEXT>
                                  DEED OF LEASE

     THIS LEASE  AGREEMENT  (the  "Lease") is made as of the 23 day of December,
2004,  by  and  between  ePLUS,  INC.  ("Tenant"),  and  Norton  Building  1 LLC
("Landlord").

     WHEREAS, the Landlord is the owner of certain property,  located in Fairfax
County,  Virginia,  with a street  address  of 13595  Dulles  Technology  Drive,
Herndon,  Virginia (the  "Property"),  improved by a two-story  office  building
located thereon (the "Building"); and

     WHEREAS,  the Tenant and Landlord desire to enter into this Lease, upon the
terms and conditions more particularly set forth herein.

     NOW, THEREFORE,  the parties hereto,  intending legally to be bound, hereby
covenant and agree as set forth below.


                            ARTICLE 1 - BASIC TERMS

Section 1.1 Defined  Terms.  In  addition to the terms  defined in the  recitals
above, the following definitions shall apply to this Lease:

     (a)  "Additional  Rent"  shall mean all sums  payable by Tenant to Landlord
hereunder,  other than Base Rent, including but not limited to payments required
pursuant to Section 2.4, Article 4 and Section 14.4 of this Lease.

     (b) "Base  Rent" shall mean the fixed rent paid  annually  during the Lease
Term.  Base Rent for the first year of the Lease Term shall be the annual amount
of $979,524.00, based upon a rental rate of $19.50 per square foot of the Leased
Premises. The Base Rent is subject to annual increases,  beginning in the second
year of the Lease Term, as set forth in Section 3.2 below.

     (c) "Commencement Date" shall mean January 1, 2005.

     (d) "Expiration Date" shall mean December 31, 2009.

     (e) "Lease Term" shall mean the period  commencing on the Commencement Date
and continuing through and including the Expiration Date.

     (f) "Leased  Premises" shall mean  approximately  50,232 square feet of net
rentable area,  which  comprises the first floor area of 22,292 square feet, and
the second floor area of 27,940 square feet, as generally set forth in Exhibit A
attached hereto and  incorporated  herein.  The  approximation of square footage
shall in no way affect the amount of rent payable hereunder, should any variance
be found to exist between the  approximation  and actual  square  footage of the
Leased Premises.

<PAGE>
               ARTICLE 2 - THE LEASED PREMISES AND THE LEASE TERM

Section 2.1 Demise of the Leased Premises. Landlord hereby leases to Tenant, and
Tenant hereby leases from Landlord, the Leased Premises for the Lease Term, upon
the terms, conditions,  covenants and agreements herein provided. Tenant's right
to lease the Leased Premises includes Tenant's right to use 4 unreserved parking
spaces  per  each  1,000  square  feet of  Leased  Premises.  At the time of the
commencement of this Lease,  the Tenant shall be entitled to 204 parking spaces.
The number of parking spaces shall be reduced  proportionately  if any amount of
the Leased Premises are surrendered during the Lease Term.

Section 2.2 Renewal  Right.  Tenant shall have the right to renew this Lease for
one additional five (5) year period.  To exercise its right to renew this Lease,
Tenant shall provide the Landlord with written  notice to renew,  to be provided
at least six  months  before  the  Expiration  Date.  The rent  (and  escalation
percentage) for the renewal period shall be set at the prevailing  market rental
rates at the time. If the parties  cannot agree on a rate within sixty (60) days
following Landlord's receipt of Tenant's notice to renew, then the parties shall
each select (at their own cost) a commercial  real estate broker having at least
ten (10) years' experience in the northern Virginia leasing market. Said brokers
shall  select a third  such  broker  (whose  fee shall be split  equally  by the
Landlord  and Tenant),  and each broker shall  provide his or her opinion of the
then-current  market  rental  rate  and  escalation  percentage  for the  Leased
Premises.  The average of the three rental rates determined by the brokers shall
be the beginning  rental rate for the first year of the renewal period,  and the
average of the annual  escalation  determined by the brokers shall be the annual
escalation  during the renewal  period.  The Tenant can only renew the amount of
Leased  Premises  being leased at the Expiration  Date of the Lease.  The Tenant
does not have the right to renew space that is subleased,  assigned, or that has
been surrendered.

Section  2.3 Loss of Renewal  Rights.  If the Lease is  terminated  prior to the
Expiration Date,  and/or if more than 40% of the Leased Premises are assigned or
subleased during the Lease Term or the Lease is assumed, then the renewal rights
shall terminate (and may not be reinstated).  Assignees and sublessees shall not
be entitled to any renewal rights.

Section 2.4 Early Termination  Rights.  Tenant may elect to terminate this Lease
with  respect to up to 40% of the Leased  Premises  at any time during the Lease
Term by providing  Landlord  with six (6) months prior written  notice.  In such
event,  the Base Rent and any Additional Rent shall be reduced  proportionately,
effective  upon the date of surrender.  There shall be no penalty fee associated
with such  termination;  however,  Tenant shall be liable to Landlord for normal
and  reasonable  restoration  costs incurred by Landlord on account of damage to
the  Leased  Premises,  and for costs of any  alterations  needed to secure  the
surrendered space. These costs shall be paid by Tenant as Additional Rent, to be
paid within 60 days after invoice therefor by Landlord. The specific area of the
Leased  Premises to be surrendered  shall be mutually  agreed upon by the Tenant
and Landlord, in order to provide for access and ADA requirements.


                                       2
<PAGE>
In addition, the Tenant shall also have a one-time right to terminate the entire
Lease, on the third anniversary of the Commencement  Date, by providing Landlord
with at least six (6) months prior written notice.

                              ARTICLE 3 - BASE RENT

Section 3.1 Base Rent. Tenant shall pay to Landlord the Base Rent for the Leased
Premises,  without any abatement,  reduction,  setoff, defense,  counterclaim or
demand except as  specifically  set forth herein.  Base Rent shall be payable on
the Commencement Date and thereafter  monthly,  in advance,  on the first day of
each month during the Lease Term. The initial monthly rent shall be $81,627.00.

Section 3.2 Base Rent  Increases.  The Base Rent, net of expense factor of $8.00
per  square  foot,  shall  be  increased  by the  amount  of 3% on  each  annual
anniversary  of the  Lease  Commencement  Date,  beginning  one  year  from  the
Commencement Date.

Section 3.3 Payment of Rent.  All rent shall be paid to Landlord in legal tender
of the United States at the address to which notices to Landlord are to be given
or to such other party or to such other address as Landlord may  designate  from
time to time by written  notice to Tenant.  If Landlord shall at any time accept
rent after it shall become due and payable,  such acceptance  shall not excuse a
delay upon  subsequent  occasions,  or constitute or be construed as a waiver of
any of Landlord's rights hereunder.

Section 3.4 Credit.  In consideration  for the financing by Tenant of all tenant
improvements, Landlord will provide an annual credit of $2.04 per square foot of
the Leased  Premises  against the Base Rent, for the duration of the Lease Term,
with said  credit  to  terminate  at the  Expiration  Date.  In the event of any
surrender of any portion of the Leased Premises as permitted hereunder, the said
credit shall be adjusted proportionately to apply only to space for which Tenant
is paying Base Rent. Said credit shall not apply during any renewal term hereof.

                          ARTICLE 4 - ADDITIONAL RENT

Section 4.1  Operating  Charges and Real Estate  Taxes.  In addition to the Base
Rent under  this  Lease,  the Tenant  shall be  responsible  for  89.893% of any
increases to the operating charges and real estate tax payments for the Property
that exceed the Base Year Expenses,  as said term is defined  below.  So long as
the Tenant  occupies at least 80% of the  building  and there are no  additional
tenants  in the  building,  the  Tenant  shall  be  responsible  for 100% of the
Utilities as referenced in section 4.2. If the Tenant  occupies less than 80% of
the building or there are additional  tenants in the building,  the Tenant shall
be responsible  for its pro rated portion of the Utilities.  It is  acknowledged
that the present monthly operating charge is $28,927.14, and the present monthly
real  estate  tax payment is  $4,560.86,  which  total $401,856.00  for the year
("Base Year Expenses").  Beginning  January  1,  2006, and continuing throughout
the  Lease  Term,  Tenant  shall  pay  to Landlord,  as Additional Rent, 89.893%
of the amount by  which  all  operating   charges,  insurance  and  real  estate
taxes for  the  Building  exceed   the   Base  Year  Expenses (collectively, the

                                       3
<PAGE>
"Additional  Expenses").  Tenant shall pay to Landlord in advance the  estimated
annual Additional Expenses.  The Landlord,  at the commencement of each calendar
year following the first full year of the Lease Term, will deliver to the Tenant
an estimate of the  anticipated  Additional  Expenses  for that  calendar  year.
Tenant shall pay monthly  one-twelfth (l/l2) of said estimated cost concurrently
with and in addition to the monthly  installments of Base Rent. On or before the
forty-fifth  (45th) day  following  each  December  3lst  during the Lease Term,
Landlord  shall provide  Tenant with a statement  showing the actual  Additional
Expenses for the preceding year or portion  thereof and Landlord's  computations
of Tenant's  share  thereof.  If Tenant's share is less than the total amount of
the estimated  cost paid in advance,  Landlord  shall  reimburse  Tenant for the
excess as a credit against the next installment(s) of Additional  Expenses;  and
if the Tenant's  share exceeds the advanced  estimated  cost paid over the year,
Tenant shall pay Landlord for the difference,  within thirty (30) days following
the date of delivery of said statement.  Advance estimated  Additional  Expenses
shall be prorated for any partial calendar year.  Failure by Landlord to deliver
to Tenant the statement of actual Additional  Expenses within the time frame set
for the  above  shall  not  relieve  Tenant of the  obligation  to make  monthly
payments in accordance with the last estimate of Additional Expenses,  nor shall
it be deemed a waiver by Landlord of the right to collect the difference between
Tenant's estimated payments and Tenant's pro-rata share of the actual Additional
Expenses  for the  preceding  year.  The Tenant  shall be  entitled to audit any
Additional  Expenses,  at Tenant's sole cost and expense.  If the parties cannot
resolve  any  differences  based upon any such  audit,  then the matter is to be
arbitrated by an arbitrator to be mutually selected by the parties.  The parties
shall equally split the cost of the arbitrator.  The Tenant acknowledges that it
has reviewed  materials and documents  related to the  computation  of operating
charges,  insurance  and real  estate  tax  payments,  as set forth  above,  and
acknowledges  that these present  expenses are reasonable,  and understands that
these charges may increase.

Section 4.2 Utilities.  All accounts for utility services to the Leased Premises
shall be in the name of Landlord and Tenant shall be  responsible  for payments.
Tenant shall  reimburse  Landlord for  Utilities  cost as part of the  Operating
Expenses described in section 4.1 above.

Section 4.3 Treatment as Additional  Rent.  All payments  required to be made by
Tenant  pursuant  to this  Article  IV shall be  Additional  Rent for the Leased
Premises and shall be paid, without any abatement,  reduction,  setoff, defense,
counterclaim or deduction, on the first day of each month.

                       ARTICLE 5 - USE OF LEASED PREMISES

Section  5.1 Use of  Leased  Premises.  Tenant  may use and  occupy  the  Leased
Premises  for any  lawful  purpose.  Tenant  shall not use or occupy  the Leased
Premises for any unlawful  purpose or in any manner that will constitute  waste,
nuisance or  unreasonable  annoyance.  Tenant  shall comply with all present and
future laws, ordinances (including zoning ordinances and land use requirements),
regulations,  and orders of the United States of America,  the  Commonwealth  of
Virginia,  Fairfax County, and any other public or quasi-public authority having

                                       4
<PAGE>
jurisdiction  over  the  Leased  Premises,  concerning  the use,  occupancy  and
condition of the Leased Premises,  and all machinery,  equipment and furnishings
therein.  It is  expressly  understood  that  if  any  present  or  future  law,
ordinance,  regulation  or order  requires  an  occupancy  permit for the Leased
Premises, Tenant will obtain such permit at Tenant's own expense.

                      ARTICLE 6 - ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING

Section 6.1  Landlord  Consent  Required.  Tenant  shall not  assign,  transfer,
mortgage or otherwise  encumber this Lease or its interest  therein,  or sublet,
rent or permit  anyone to  occupy  the  Leased  Premises,  or any part  thereof,
without  giving  Landlord  thirty  (30) days' prior  written  notice of Tenant's
intention  to assign or sublet  the  Leased  Premises  and  obtaining  the prior
written consent of Landlord,  which consent shall not be unreasonably  withheld.
Provided,  however,  that  notwithstanding  anything to the  contrary  contained
herein, the Landlord may reject the intended sublessee and take back the portion
of the Leased  Premises  that was intended to be  subleased  (in which event the
Base Rent and Additional Rent shall be reduced proportionately).  The consent by
Landlord to any  assignment or subletting  shall not be construed as a waiver or
release of Tenant  from  liability  for the  performance  of all  covenants  and
obligations to be performed by Tenant under this Lease, nor shall the collection
or  acceptance  of rent from any  assignee,  subtenant or occupant  constitute a
waiver or release of Tenant from any of its  liabilities  or  obligations  under
this Lease,  and Tenant shall remain liable for the performance of all covenants
and  obligations  to  be  performed  by  Tenant  hereunder  notwithstanding  any
assignment  or  sublease  hereof.   Landlord's  consent  to  any  assignment  or
subletting  shall not be construed as relieving  Tenant from the  obligation  of
obtaining  Landlord's  prior  written  consent to any  subsequent  assignment or
subletting. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Tenant hereby
assigns  to  Landlord  the rent due from any  subtenant  of  Tenant  and  hereby
authorizes  each such  subtenant to pay said rent  directly to Landlord.  In the
event  the  rental  amount  received  by  Tenant  pursuant  to any  sublease  or
assignment is higher than the Base Rent at such time or at any time  thereafter,
then the Tenant shall pay the excess amount to the  Landlord.  In no event shall
any assignee or  sub-lessee be entitled to any renewal  rights,  rights of first
offer or rights of first refusal described herein.

                   ARTICLE 7 - TENANT'S MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR

Section 7.1 Tenant to Maintain  Leased  Premises.  Subject to the  provisions of
Section 7.3,  Tenant will keep and maintain the Leased Premises and all fixtures
and equipment located therein in a clean, safe and sanitary condition, will take
good care thereof,  in accordance with the terms of this Lease,  and will suffer
no waste or injury thereto,  and will, at the expiration or other termination of
the Lease Term, surrender the Leased Premises broom clean, in the same order and
condition in which they are in on the Commencement Date,  ordinary wear and tear
excepted.

Section  7.2  Tenant to Comply  with  Laws.  Tenant  shall,  at its own cost and
expense,  promptly  observe  and  comply  with  all  present  and  future  laws,

                                       5
<PAGE>
ordinances,  requirements,  orders,  directives,  rules and  regulations  of the
federal  and  local  governments  and  of  all  other  governmental  authorities
affecting  the Leased  Premises  or  appurtenances  thereto or any part  thereof
whether the same are in force as of the  Commencement  Date or may in the future
be  passed,  enacted or  directed,  and  Tenant  shall pay all costs,  expenses,
liabilities,  losses, damages, fines, penalties,  claims and demands,  including
reasonable  counsel  fees,  that may in any  manner  arise out of or be  imposed
because of the failure of Tenant to comply with the  covenants  of this  Section
7.2.

Section 7.3 Landlord's Obligations. Landlord shall repair, maintain and replace,
as  necessary  (a) the  Building  shell and  other  structural  portions  of the
Building   (including  the  roof  and  foundations),   (b)  the  basic  heating,
ventilating,  air conditioning ("HVAC"), sprinkler and electrical systems within
the Building core and standard  conduits,  connections and distribution  systems
thereof  within the Leased  Premises  (but not any above  standard  improvements
installed  in the  Leased  Premises  such  as,  for  example,  but not by way of
limitation,  custom lighting,  special or supplementary HVAC or plumbing systems
or  distribution  extensions,  special  or  supplemental  electrical  panels  or
distribution systems, or kitchen or appliances to the extent such facilities and
appliances  are intended for the  exclusive  use of Tenant),  and (c) the common
areas of the Building.


                    ARTICLE 8 - TENANT ALTERATIONS AND RIGHTS

Section  8.1 "AS IS".  The  Tenant  shall  have the  right  to  commence  tenant
improvements  upon  execution of this Lease,  subject to the  Landlord  approval
rights as described below.  Tenant has had the opportunity to inspect the Leased
Premises (including, without limitation, all mechanical,  electric, and plumbing
systems therein),  and accepts the Leased Premises,  and the land upon which the
Leased  Premises is located in their  condition  "AS IS" as of the date  hereof.
Landlord will not make,  and is under no obligation to make,  any  structural or
other  alterations,  decorations,  additions or improvements in or to the Leased
Premises.  Tenant  will  not make or  permit  anyone  to make  any  alterations,
decorations,  additions or improvements (hereinafter referred to collectively as
"improvements"),  structural or otherwise, in or to the Leased Premises, without
the prior written  consent of Landlord,  which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld,  conditioned or delayed. Landlord agrees to respond within thirty days
of any request  hereunder.  All work performed by Tenant shall be performed in a
good an workmanlike  manner,  in accordance with plans and permits  approved and
issued by all applicable governmental bodies,  agencies and authorities,  and in
such a manner so as not to interfere  with the  occupancy  and use of the common
areas of the  Building or any other  tenant space by any tenants and visitors in
the Building.  Tenant shall permit no  mechanic's  liens to attach to the Leased
Premises,  the Building or the land upon which the Leased Premises is located as
a result of such work, and in the event that any such  mechanic's  lien is filed
against  the Leased  Premises,  the  Building  or the land upon which the Leased
Premises is located as a result of any services or labor provided,  or materials
furnished,  by or on Tenant's behalf,  or claimed to have been provided by or on
Tenant's  behalf,  Tenant shall (i) promptly  notify  Landlord of such lien, and
(ii) within ten (10) calendar days after the filing of any such lien,  discharge
and cancel such lien of record by payment or bonding in accordance with the laws

                                       6
<PAGE>
of the Commonwealth of Virginia, all at Tenant's sole cost and expense.

Section 8.2 Roof Rights.  During the Lease Term and any renewal  period,  for no
additional  charge,  Tenant shall have the right to install,  for use by Tenant,
satellite dishes or other  communication  equipment on the roof of the Building,
at Tenant's sole cost and expense. The size, type and location of said equipment
shall be mutually agreed upon by the Landlord and Tenant,  and the  installation
and use of such equipment shall comply with all applicable laws,  ordinances and
regulations.

Section 8.3 Signage.  During the Lease Term and any renewal  period,  the Tenant
shall have the right to install on the  exterior of the  Building in a prominent
location, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, one exterior lighted building sign,
which shall conform to all local, state and federal regulations.  The Tenant has
a right to keep a sign displayed as long as the Tenant  occupies more than fifty
percent (50%) of the Building. The Tenant must obtain the prior written approval
of Landlord,  which shall not be unreasonably withheld,  conditional or delayed.
Upon expiration or earlier  termination of this Lease, or at such time as Tenant
occupies less than fifty percent (50%) of the Building, Tenant shall remove such
signage at Tenant's sole cost and expense.

Section 8.4 Lobby  Area.  The Tenant  shall be allowed to  construct a reception
desk in the main lobby of the Building,  for use by Tenant as its main reception
area, at no additional charge to Tenant.  This right shall extend to any renewal
period. Tenant acknowledges that it is not leasing the entire Building, and will
have to provide access and usage rights to other tenants  through and across the
lobby area.

                         ARTICLE 9 - LANDLORD INSPECTION

Section 9.1 Inspection by Landlord. Upon reasonable prior oral or written notice
from Landlord,  Tenant will permit  Landlord,  or its agents or  representatives
(including,  without  limitation,  any  prospective  purchasers,  mortgagees  or
prospective  mortgagees) to enter the Leased  Premises,  at all reasonable times
and  from  time to  time,  without  charge  therefor  to  Landlord  and  without
diminution  of the rent  payable by Tenant,  to examine  and  inspect the Leased
Premises.  Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary  contained  herein,  in the
event of an  emergency,  Landlord  shall  have the  right  to enter  the  Leased
Premises at any time and without prior notice to Tenant. During the last six (6)
months of the Lease Term,  Landlord may show the Leased  Premises to prospective
tenants. In connection with any such entry,  Landlord shall endeavor to minimize
the disruption to Tenant's use of the Leased Premises.

                             ARTICLE 10 - INSURANCE

Section 10.1 Required Insurance and Terms of Insurance Policies.  At the earlier
of (i)  the  time  that  Tenant  commences  tenant  improvements,  or  (ii)  the
Commencement  Date, and throughout the Lease Term,  Tenant, at its sole cost and
expense,   must  provide  insurance   policies  and  certificates  of  insurance
reasonably  satisfactory  to Landlord as to amounts,  types of coverage  and the
companies  underwriting  these  coverages.  In no event  will such  policies  be

                                       7
<PAGE>
terminated or otherwise  allowed to lapse.  Tenant shall be responsible  for its
own  deductibles.  Tenant shall also pay for any  insurance,  or any increase of
policy  limits,  not  described in this Lease which Tenant  requires for its own
protection or for compliance with government statutes.  Tenant's insurance shall
be  primary  and  without  contribution  from any  insurance  Landlord  may,  at
Landlord's option,  procure. Any and all insurance proceeds shall either be used
to restore the Leased Premises damaged,  or provided to the Landlord per Section
12.1 below.  Landlord's  interest must be clearly  stated by  endorsement in the
insurance policies described in this Article 10, as follows:

     (a)  Landlord  shall,  at its  sole  expense,  obtain  and  keep  in  force
throughout  the term of this Lease,  full  replacement  value fire and  extended
coverage or "all-risk"  coverage insurance in the customary form utilized in the
northern Virginia area for buildings and improvements of similar  character,  on
all improvements now or after this date located on the Premises.

     (b) Tenant shall, at its sole expense,  obtain and keep in force during the
term of this Lease  commercial  general  liability  insurance with limits of not
less than One Million Dollars  ($1,000,000.00)  per occurrence and Three Million
Dollars  ($3,000,000.00) in the aggregate as to liability for personal injury to
or death of any person, and for damage to property, insuring against any and all
liability of Landlord and Tenant,  including,  without limitation,  coverage for
contractual  liability  and broad  form  property  damage  with  respect  to the
Premises, or arising out of the maintenance, use, or occupancy of the Premises.

     (c) Tenant shall, at its sole expense,  obtain and keep in force during the
Lease Term  policies of  insurance  covering  Tenant's  fixtures  and  equipment
installed and located in the Leased Premises, and in addition thereto,  covering
all of the  furnishings,  merchandise and other contents in the Leased Premises,
for the full  replacement  value of said items.  Coverage should at least insure
against any and all perils included within the classification "Fire and Extended
Coverage" under  insurance  industry  practice in the  Commonwealth of Virginia,
together with  insurance  against  vandalism,  malicious  mischief and sprinkler
leakage or other sprinkler damage.

     (d) All  insurance  policies  required from Tenant  hereunder  shall (i) be
subject to approval by Landlord and any  mortgagee  as to form and amount;  (ii)
expressly  provide that such policies  shall not be canceled or altered  without
thirty (30) days' prior  written  notice to Landlord  and any  mortgagee;  (iii)
provide  that no act or  omission  of  Tenant  that  would  otherwise  result in
forfeiture or reduction of the insurance shall affect or limit the obligation of
the insurance  company to pay the amount of any loss sustained;  and (iv) to the
extent obtainable,  contain a waiver by the insurer of its rights of subrogation
against  Landlord  and Tenant.  All such  policies  shall name the Tenant as the
insured and the Landlord as the additional  insured.  Upon  issuance,  each such
insurance  policy or a certified  copy of such policy  shall be delivered to the
Landlord and any lender whom Landlord designates.

                       ARTICLE 11 - LIABILITY OF LANDLORD

                                       8
<PAGE>
Section 11.1  Liability  of Landlord  Limited.  Landlord  shall not be liable to
Tenant, its employees, agents, business invitees, licensees, customers, clients,
or guests for any damage, injury, loss, compensation or claim, including but not
limited to claims for the  interruption of or loss to Tenant's  business,  based
on,  arising out of or resulting  from any cause  whatsoever,  including but not
limited  to the  following:  repairs  to any  portion  of the  Leased  Premises;
interruption in the use of the Leased Premises; any accident or damage resulting
from the use or operation (by Landlord,  Tenant, or any other person or persons)
of the heating,  cooling,  electrical or plumbing  equipment or  apparatus;  the
termination of this Lease by reason of the  destruction of the Leased  Premises;
any fire, robbery,  theft,  mysterious  disappearance and/or any other casualty;
the actions of any other  tenants of the Leased  Premises or of any other person
or persons;  and any leakage in any part or portion of the Leased  Premises,  or
from  water,  rain or snow that may leak  into,  or flow  from,  any part of the
Leased Premises,  or from drains, pipes or plumbing work in the Leased Premises.
Any  goods,  property  or  personal  effects  stored  or placed by Tenant or its
employees in or about the Leased  Premises  shall be at the sole risk of Tenant,
and Landlord shall not in any manner be held responsible therefor.

Section  11.2  Indemnification.  Tenant  hereby  agrees  to  indemnify  and hold
Landlord  and  Landlord's  agents  and its and their  officers,  directors,  and
employees (collectively,  the "Landlord Indemnified Parties"), harmless from and
against  all  costs,  damages,  claims,   liabilities  and  expenses  (including
reasonable  attorneys'  fees)  suffered  by  or  claimed  against  Landlord  and
Landlord's agents and its and their officers, directors, and employees, directly
or  indirectly,  based on, arising out of or resulting from (i) Tenant's use and
occupancy of the Leased  Premises or the business  conducted by Tenant  therein,
(ii) any act or  omission by Tenant or its  employees,  agents or  invitees,  or
(iii) any breach or default by Tenant in the  performance  or  observance of its
covenants  or  obligations  under this  Lease.  Notwithstanding  anything to the
contrary  contained  in this  Section,  Tenant shall not be required to protect,
defend,  save  harmless  or  indemnify  Landlord  Indemnified  Parties  from any
liability  for injury,  loss,  accident or damage to any person  resulting  from
Landlord's  willful  misconduct or that of any Landlord  Indemnified Party on or
about the Leased Premises.

Section 11.3 Transfer of Leased Premises. In the event that at any time Landlord
shall sell or transfer the Leased Premises,  the Landlord named herein shall not
be liable to Tenant for any  obligations or liabilities  based on or arising out
of events or conditions  occurring on or after the date of such sale or transfer
and the new owner of the Leased  Premises  shall not be liable to Tenant for any
obligations  or  liabilities  based on or  arising  out of events or  conditions
occurring before the date of such sale or transfer.

Section  11.4 No Recourse  Against  Landlord.  In the event  Tenant is awarded a
money judgment against Landlord, Tenant's sole recourse for satisfaction of such
judgment shall be limited to execution against Landlord's interest in the Leased
Premises and the income and proceeds  therefrom.  In no event shall any partner,
shareholder, officer, director or any principal of Landlord or any other persons
be held to have  any  personal  liability  for  satisfaction  of any  claims  or
judgments that Tenant may have against Landlord.

                                       9
<PAGE>
                       ARTICLE 12 - DAMAGE OR DESTRUCTION

Section 12.1 Restoration. Tenant shall give prompt notice to Landlord in case of
any casualty to the Leased  Premises or the Building.  If the Leased Premises or
the  Building  shall be damaged by fire or other  casualty,  then  Landlord  may
terminate this Lease,  effective as of the date of the casualty, by notice given
within ninety (90) days after such event.  In the event this Lease is terminated
as provided  in this  Section  12.1:  (i) the entire  proceeds of the  insurance
provided for in Section 10.1(a) hereof shall be paid by the insurance company or
companies directly to Landlord and shall belong to, and be the sole property of,
Landlord;  (ii) the portion of the  proceeds of the  insurance  provided  for in
Section 10.1(c) which is insuring leasehold  improvements,  equipment,  fixtures
and other items, which by the terms of this Lease or applicable law,  rightfully
belong to the Tenant upon the  termination  of the Lease by whatever cause shall
belong to, and be the sole property of, Tenant;  (iii) Tenant shall  immediately
vacate the Leased Premises in accordance with this Lease; (iv) all Base Rent and
Additional Rent shall be apportioned and paid to the date on which possession is
relinquished or the date of such damage, whichever last occurs; and (v) Landlord
and Tenant shall be relieved  from any and all further  liability or  obligation
hereunder except as expressly  provided in this Lease.  Tenant hereby waives any
and all rights to terminate  this Lease that it may have, by reason of damage to
the Premises by fire or other  casualty,  pursuant to any presently  existing or
hereafter enacted statute or pursuant to any other law. If all or any portion of
the Leased  Premises is damaged by fire or other  casualty and this Lease is not
terminated in accordance with the provisions of this section, then all insurance
proceeds under the policies  referred to in Sections  10.1(a) and 10.1(c) hereof
that are  recovered  on account of any such damage by fire or casualty  shall be
made available for the payment of the cost of repair,  replacing and rebuilding,
and as soon as practicable  after such damage occurs Landlord  shall,  using the
proceeds  provided  for by  Section  10.1(a)  (and,  to the  extent  applicable,
proceeds from insurance policies provided for by Section 10.1(c)) hereof, repair
or  rebuild  the  Leased  Premises  or such  portion  thereof  to its  condition
immediately  prior to such  occurrence  to the extent the cost therefor is fully
funded by insurance proceeds.  In no event shall Landlord be obligated to repair
or  replace  Tenant's  movable  trade  fixtures,  equipment  or  personalty.  In
addition,  Tenant shall,  using the remaining proceeds of the insurance proceeds
from  policies  provided  for in Section  10.1(c)  hereof,  repair,  restore and
replace  Tenant's  movable trade  fixtures,  personalty  and  equipment.  If the
aforesaid insurance proceeds under the insurance provided for in Section 10.1(c)
hereof shall be less than the cost of repairing  or replacing  Tenant's  movable
trade fixtures,  equipment and personalty, or other items required to be insured
by Tenant pursuant to Section 10.1(c) hereof, Tenant shall pay the entire excess
cost thereof;  and if such insurance  proceeds shall be greater than the cost of
such repair,  restoration,  replacement or rebuilding, the excess proceeds shall
belong to, and be the property of, Tenant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant
shall have no right to terminate  this Lease as a result of, and shall be solely
responsible  for all costs  incurred  in  repairing,  any  damage to the  Leased
Premises or Building caused by the Tenant or its agents, employees, contractors,
invitees and licensees.

                                       10
<PAGE>
                           ARTICLE 13 - CONDEMNATION

Section  13.1 Effect of  Condemnation.  If the whole or a  substantial  part (as
hereinafter  defined)  of the Leased  Premises  or the use or  occupancy  of the
Leased   Premises,   shall  be  taken  or  condemned  by  any   governmental  or
quasi-governmental  authority  for any  public or  quasi-public  use or  purpose
(including a sale thereof under threat of such a taking),  then this Lease shall
terminate   on  the  date  title   thereto   vests  in  such   governmental   or
quasi-governmental   authority,   and  all  rent  payable   hereunder  shall  be
apportioned  as of such  date.  If less than a  substantial  part of the  Leased
Premises  (or the use and  occupancy  thereof)  is  taken  or  condemned  by any
governmental or quasi-governmental  authority for any public or quasi-public use
or purpose (including a sale thereof under threat of such a taking),  this Lease
shall continue in full force and effect,  but the Base Rent and additional  rent
thereafter  payable  hereunder shall be equitably  adjusted (on the basis of the
ratio of the number of square feet of rentable area taken to the total  rentable
area in the Leased  Premises prior to such taking) as of the date title vests in
the governmental or quasi-governmental  authority. For purposes of this Section,
a substantial part of the Leased Premises shall be considered to have been taken
if more than  twenty-five  percent  (25%) of the  Leased  Premises  is  rendered
unusable  as a result  of such  taking  and  Tenant  determines  in its sole but
reasonable  discretion  that it can no longer conduct its business in the Leased
Premises.

Section 13.2 Condemnation  Proceeds.  All awards, damages and other compensation
paid by the condemning  authority on account of the taking or  condemnation  (or
sale under threat of such a taking) shall belong to Landlord,  and Tenant hereby
assigns to Landlord all rights to such awards, damages and compensation.  Tenant
agrees not to make any claim against  Landlord or the  condemning  authority for
any portion of such award or compensation  attributable to damages to the Leased
Premises,  the  value  of the  unexpired  Lease  Term,  the loss of  profits  or
goodwill, leasehold improvements or severance damages. Nothing contained herein,
however,  shall  prevent  Tenant  from  pursuing a separate  claim  against  the
condemning  authority  (i) for the  value of  furnishings,  equipment  and trade
fixtures  installed  in the Leased  Premises  at  Tenant's  expense and (ii) for
relocation expenses, provided that such claim shall in no way diminish the award
nor  compensation  payable to or recoverable by Landlord in connection with such
taking or condemnation.

                         ARTICLE 14 - DEFAULT BY TENANT

Section  14.1 Tenant  Default.  The  occurrence  of any of the  following  shall
constitute an event of default ("Event of Default") by Tenant under this Lease:

     (a) If Tenant shall fail to pay any payment of Base Rent or Additional Rent
when due,  or shall fail to make any other  payment  required by this Lease when
due.

     (b) If Tenant shall  violate or fail to perform any other term,  condition,
covenant or agreement to be performed or observed by Tenant under this Lease.

                                       11
<PAGE>
     (c) If Tenant shall vacate or abandon the Leased Premises.

     (d) If the Tenant (i) is  voluntarily  adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent,
(ii) seeks or consents to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for itself or
for all or a part of its property,  (iii) files a petition  seeking relief under
the  bankruptcy  or similar laws of the United  States or any local or any other
jurisdiction,  (iv) makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors,  or
(v) admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature.

     (e)  If  a  petition   shall  be  filed  against  the  Tenant  seeking  any
reorganization, arrangement, composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution
or similar relief under any present or future federal,  local, or other statute,
law or regulation and shall remain undismissed or unstayed for thirty (30) days,
or if any  trustee,  receiver  or  liquidator  of the  Tenant,  or of all or any
substantial  part of its properties,  shall be appointed  without the consent or
acquiescence  of the Tenant  and such  appointment  shall  remain  unvacated  or
unstayed for thirty (30) days.

     Notwithstanding  the  provisions  of this Section 14.1, an Event of Default
shall not be deemed to have  occurred  with respect to the failure of payment of
any  installment  of Base rent or  Additional  Rent  unless such  failure  shall
continue  for a period  of seven  (7)  days,  after  written  notice is given to
Tenant,  nor shall any Event of  Default  be deemed to have  occurred  if Tenant
shall fail to comply with any term,  provision or covenant of this Lease,  other
than  payment  of Base Rent or  Additional  Rent,  if such  failure  is cured or
removed  within  thirty  (30) days  after  written  notice is given to Tenant by
Landlord  setting forth the nature of such  default,  or in respect to a default
which cannot be cured within such  period,  so long as Tenant shall  commence to
remove  the  same  within  such  thirty-day  period  and  shall  diligently  and
expeditiously  proceed  to  complete  the  cure or  removal  thereof  within  an
additional twenty-day period.

Section 14.2  Landlord's  Remedies.  Upon the occurrence of any of the Events of
Default described or referred to in Section 14.1, Landlord shall have the option
to pursue any one or more of the following remedies without any notice or demand
whatsoever, concurrently or consecutively and not alternatively:

     (a)  Landlord  may,  at its  election,  terminate  this Lease or  terminate
Tenant's right to possession only, without terminating the Lease.

     (b)  Upon  any  termination  of this  Lease,  whether  by  lapse of time or
otherwise,  or upon any  termination  of Tenant's  right to  possession  without
termination  of the Lease,  Tenant  shall  surrender  possession  and vacate the
entire Leased Premises immediately,  and deliver possession thereof to Landlord,
and Tenant  hereby  grants to Landlord  full and free  license to enter into and
upon the Leased  Premises in such event and to repossess  Landlord of the Leased
Premises as of  Landlord's  former  estate and to expel or remove Tenant and any
others  who may be  occupying  or be within the  Leased  Premises  and to remove
Tenant's  signs and other  evidence of tenancy and all other  property of Tenant
therefrom  without  being deemed in any manner  guilty of trespass,  eviction or
forcible entry or detainer,  and without  incurring any liability for any damage

                                       12
<PAGE>
resulting therefrom, Tenant waiving any right to claim damages for such re-entry
and expulsion,  and without relinquishing  Landlord's right to rent or any other
right given to Landlord under this Lease or by operation of law.

     (c)  Upon  any  termination  of this  Lease,  whether  by  lapse of time or
otherwise, Landlord shall be entitled to recover as damages, all rent, including
any amounts treated as Additional Rent under this Lease,  and other sums due and
payable by Tenant on the date of termination, plus as liquidated damages and not
as a penalty,  an amount  equal to the sum of:  (i) an amount  equal to the then
present  value of the rent  reserved  in this Lease for the residue of the Lease
Term  including  any  amounts  treated  as  additional  rent and all other  sums
provided in this Lease to be paid by Tenant,  minus the fair rental value of the
Leased  Premises  for  such  residue;  (ii) the  value  of the time and  expense
necessary to obtain a replacement tenant or tenants,  and the estimated expenses
relating to recovery  of the Leased  Premises,  and  preparation  for  reletting
excluding,  however, the costs of construction not arising from damage caused by
Tenant;  and (iii) the cost of performing any other  covenants  which would have
otherwise been performed by Tenant.

     (d) Upon any  termination  of Tenant's  right to  possession  only  without
termination of the Lease:

     (i) Neither such termination of Tenant's right to possession nor Landlord's
taking and  holding  possession  thereof  shall  terminate  the Lease or release
Tenant, in whole or in part, from any obligation,  including Tenant's obligation
to pay the rent or additional rent under this Lease for the full Lease Term, and
if Landlord so elects  Tenant  shall pay  forthwith to Landlord the sum equal to
the  entire  amount of the rent and  additional  rent  under  this Lease for the
remainder  of the Lease  Term plus any other sums  provided  in this Lease to be
paid by Tenant for the remainder of the Term.

     (ii) Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to relet the Leased
Premises.  Landlord  may relet the Leased  Premises or any part thereof for such
rent and upon such terms as Landlord,  in its sole  discretion,  shall determine
(including  the right to relet the Leased  Premises for a greater or lesser term
than that remaining under this Lease,  the right to relet the Leased Premises as
a part of a larger  area,  and the right to change the  character or use made of
the Leased  Premises).  In connection  with or in preparation for any reletting,
Landlord  may,  but shall not be required  to,  make  repairs,  alterations  and
additions  in or to the Leased  Premises and  redecorate  the same to the extent
Landlord deems necessary or desirable,  and Tenant shall,  upon demand,  pay the
cost thereof, together with Landlord's expenses of reletting, including, without
limitation,  any commission  incurred by Landlord.  If Landlord decides to relet
the Leased Premises or a duty to relet is imposed upon Landlord by law, Landlord
and Tenant  agree that  nevertheless  Landlord  shall at most be required to use
only the  same  efforts  Landlord  then  uses to  tenant  space in the  Property
generally  and that in any  case  Landlord  shall  not be  required  to give any
preference or priority to the showing or leasing of the Leased Premises over any
other  space that  Landlord  may be leasing  or have  available  and may place a
suitable  prospective  tenant  in  any  such other space regardless of when such

                                       13
<PAGE>
other space  becomes  available.  Landlord  shall not be required to observe any
instruction  given by Tenant about any reletting or accept any tenant offered by
Tenant unless such offered tenant has a creditworthiness  acceptable to Landlord
and leases the entire Leased Premises upon terms and conditions including a rate
of rent  (after  giving  effect  to all  expenditures  by  Landlord  for  tenant
improvements,  broker's  commissions  and  other  leasing  costs)  all  no  less
favorable to Landlord  than as called for in this Lease,  nor shall  Landlord be
required to make or permit any  assignment or sublease for more than the current
term. In any  proceedings  to enforce this Lease,  Landlord shall be presumed to
have complied with any duty now or hereafter  imposed by law to relet the Leased
Premises in order to mitigate its  damages,  and Tenant shall bear the burden of
proof to establish otherwise.

     (iii) Until such time as Landlord  shall elect to  terminate  the Lease and
shall  thereupon  be entitled to recover  the  amounts  specified  in such case,
Tenant shall pay to Landlord upon demand the full amount of all rent,  including
any amounts treated as Additional Rent under this Lease, together with the costs
of repairs,  alterations,  additions,  redecorating  and Landlord's  expenses of
reletting  and  the  collection  of  the  rent  accruing  therefrom   (including
reasonable attorney's fees and broker's commissions),  as the same shall then be
due or become due from time to time,  less only such  consideration  as Landlord
may have received from any reletting of the Leased  Premises;  and Tenant agrees
that  Landlord  may file suits from time to time to recover any sums falling due
under this  Article as they become due. Any proceeds of reletting by Landlord in
excess of the amount then owed by Tenant to Landlord  from time to time shall be
credited  against  Tenant's  future  obligations  under this Lease but shall not
otherwise be refunded to Tenant or inure to Tenant's benefit.

     (e)  Landlord  may, at  Landlord's  option,  enter into and upon the Leased
Premises if Landlord determines in its sole discretion that Tenant is not acting
within a commercially  reasonable time to maintain,  repair or replace  anything
for which Tenant is responsible  under this Lease and correct the same,  without
being deemed in any manner  guilty of trespass,  eviction or forcible  entry and
detainer and without  incurring any liability for any damage or  interruption of
Tenant's business resulting  therefrom.  If Tenant shall have vacated the Leased
Premises,  Landlord may at Landlord's option re-enter the Leased Premises at any
time during the last six (6) months of the then current  Lease Term and make any
and all such  changes,  alterations,  revisions,  additions and tenant and other
improvements  in or about the Leased  Premises  as  Landlord  shall  elect,  all
without any  abatement  of any of the rent  otherwise to be paid by Tenant under
this Lease.

     (f) If,  on  account  of any  breach  or  default  by  Tenant  in  Tenant's
obligations  under the terms  and  conditions  of this  Lease,  it shall  become
necessary  or  appropriate  for  Landlord to employ or consult  with an attorney
concerning or to enforce or defend any of Landlord's  rights or remedies arising
under this Lease, Tenant agrees to pay all Landlord's reasonable attorneys' fees
so incurred.

     (g) Pursuit of any of the foregoing  remedies shall not preclude pursuit of
any of the other remedies  provided in this Lease or any other remedies provided

                                       14
<PAGE>
by law (all such  remedies  being  cumulative),  nor shall pursuit of any remedy
provided  in this Lease  constitute  a  forfeiture  or waiver of any rent due to
Landlord  under this Lease or of any  damages  accruing to Landlord by reason of
the violation of any of the terms,  provisions  and covenants  contained in this
Lease.

     (h) No act or thing done by  Landlord  or its agents  during the Lease Term
shall be deemed a termination of this Lease or an acceptance of the surrender of
the  Leased  Premises,  and no  agreement  to  terminate  this Lease or accept a
surrender of the Leased  Premises  shall be valid,  unless in writing  signed by
Landlord.  No waiver by Landlord of any violation or breach of any of the terms,
provisions and covenants contained in this Lease shall be deemed or construed to
constitute  a waiver of any  other  violation  or  breach  of any of the  terms,
provisions and covenants contained in this Lease.  Landlord's  acceptance of the
payment of rental or other  payments after the occurrence of an Event of Default
shall not be construed as a waiver of such default,  unless Landlord so notifies
Tenant in  writing.  Forbearance  by Landlord  in  enforcing  one or more of the
remedies  provided in this Lease upon an Event of Default shall not be deemed or
construed  to  constitute  a waiver of such  default or of  Landlord's  right to
enforce  any such  remedies  with  respect  to such  default  or any  subsequent
default.

     (i) Any and all property  which may be removed from the Leased  Premises by
Landlord  pursuant to the  authority of this Lease or of law, to which Tenant is
or may be entitled,  may be handled,  removed and/or stored, as the case may be,
by or at the direction of Landlord but at the risk,  cost and expense of Tenant,
and Landlord shall in no event be  responsible  for the value,  preservation  or
safekeeping  thereof.  Tenant  shall pay to Landlord,  upon demand,  any and all
expenses  incurred in such removal and all storage charges against such property
so long as the  same  shall be in  Landlord's  possession  or  under  Landlord's
control.  Any such property of Tenant not retaken by Tenant from storage  within
thirty (30) days after  removal from the Leased  Premises  shall,  at Landlord's
option,  be deemed  conveyed by Tenant to Landlord under this Lease as by a bill
of sale without further payment or credit by Landlord to Tenant.

Section 14.3 No Accord and Satisfaction. If Landlord shall institute proceedings
against  Tenant and a compromise or settlement  thereof shall be made,  the same
shall not constitute a waiver of the same or of any other covenant, condition or
agreement set forth herein,  nor of any of Landlord's rights hereunder.  Neither
the  payment by Tenant of a lesser  amount than the  installments  of Base Rent,
Additional Rent or of any sums due hereunder nor any endorsement or statement on
any  check or letter  accompanying  a check for  payment  of rent or other  sums
payable hereunder shall be deemed an accord and  satisfaction,  and Landlord may
accept such check or payment  without  prejudice to Landlord's  right to recover
the balance of such rent or other sums or to pursue any other  remedy  available
to Landlord. No re-entry by Landlord, and no acceptance by Landlord of keys from
Tenant, shall be considered an acceptance of a surrender of this Lease.

Section 14.4  Interest  and Late Charge.  If Tenant fails to make any payment of
Base Rent or of  Additional  Rent within seven (7) days of the date such payment
is due and  payable,  Tenant shall pay to Landlord a late charge of five percent

                                       15
<PAGE>
(5%) of the  amount of such  payment.  In  addition,  such  payment  shall  bear
interest at the rate per annum which is two percent  (2%) higher than the "prime
rate" then being  charged by Bank of America  from the date that is thirty  (30)
days after the date that such payment became due to the date of payment  thereof
by Tenant;  provided,  however, that nothing contained herein shall be construed
as  permitting  Landlord to charge or receive  interest in excess of the maximum
legal rate then allowed by law. Such late charge and interest  shall  constitute
Additional Rent due and payable  hereunder within two (2) days of written demand
therefor.

                   ARTICLE 15 - SUBORDINATION AND ATTORNMENT

Section  15.1  Subordination.  This  Lease  is  and  shall  remain  subject  and
subordinate to the lien of any and all current and future  mortgages  and/or any
ground  leases  (which term  "mortgages"  shall  include both  construction  and
permanent  financing  and  shall  include  deeds of trust and  similar  security
instruments) which may now encumber the Leased Premises and/or the land on which
the  Leased  Premises  is  located  and to all  and  any  renewals,  extensions,
modifications,  recastings  or  refinancings  thereof.  At any  time  after  the
execution  of this  Lease,  the  holder of any  mortgage  to which this Lease is
subordinate  shall have the right to declare  this Lease to be  superior  to the
lien of such  mortgage and Tenant  agrees to execute all  documents  required by
such holder in  confirmation  thereof.  Tenant  shall,  at  Landlord's  request,
promptly  execute any requisite or appropriate  certificate or other document to
effect the subordination of this Lease.  Tenant hereby  constitutes and appoints
Landlord as Tenant's  attorney-in-fact  to execute any such certificate or other
document  for or on behalf of Tenant if Tenant fails to sign and return any such
certificate or other document within fourteen (14) days after receipt by Tenant.
As of the date hereof, no mortgage or deed of trust is encumbering the Property.
However,  provided  no Event of  Default  by Tenant  has  occurred  and  remains
uncured, Landlord shall use commercially-reasonable efforts to obtain for Tenant
a  non-disturbance  agreement  from the  holder of any future  mortgage  on such
mortgagee's standard form.

Section 15.2  Attornment.  Tenant agrees that in the event any  proceedings  are
brought for the  foreclosure of any mortgage  encumbering the Leased Premises or
the termination of any ground lease affecting the Leased Premises,  Tenant shall
attorn to the Purchaser at such  foreclosure  sale or any ground lessor,  as the
case may be, if requested to do so by such party, and shall recognize such party
as Landlord,  under this Lease,  and Tenant waives the provisions of any statute
or rule of law, now or  hereafter  in effect,  which may give or purport to give
Tenant any right to terminate or otherwise  adversely  affect this Lease and the
obligations of Tenant hereunder in the event any such foreclosure  proceeding is
prosecuted or completed.

Section 15.3 Mortgagee Rights. Tenant shall, at its own expense, comply with all
reasonable  notices  of  Landlord's  mortgagee  or other  financial  institution
providing  funds which are secured by a mortgage or deed of trust  placed on the
whole or any part of the real property of which the Leased  Premises are a part,
respecting all matters of occupancy, use, condition or maintenance of the Leased
Premises, provided the same shall not unreasonably interfere with the conduct of
Tenant's business nor materially limit or affect the rights of the parties under
this  Lease.  Tenant  shall give  Landlord's  mortgagee  a copy of any notice of

                                       16
<PAGE>
default  served upon  Landlord by Tenant,  provided  that prior to such  notice,
Tenant has been  notified  in writing of the  address of the  mortgagee.  Notice
shall be provided to the  mortgagee in accordance  with the Notice  provision of
this Lease.  Tenant  further  agrees that if Landlord  shall have failed to cure
such  default  within the cure  period,  if any,  provided  in this  Lease,  the
mortgagee  shall have an  additional  thirty (30) days within which to cure such
default,  or if such  default  cannot  be cured  within  that  time,  then  such
additional  time as may be  necessary  if  within  such  thirty  (30)  days  any
mortgagee has commenced  and is  diligently  pursuing the remedies  necessary to
cure such default  (including,  but not limited to,  commencement of foreclosure
proceedings  if necessary to effect such cure),  in which event this Lease shall
not be terminated while such remedies are being diligently pursued.

                             ARTICLE 16 - HOLD OVER

Section 16.1 Hold Over. In the event that Tenant shall not immediately surrender
the entire  Leased  Premises  on the date of the  expiration  of the Lease Term,
Tenant  shall  become a  Tenant  by the  month at 150% of the Base  Rent and all
Additional  Rent in effect during the last month of the Lease Term. Said monthly
tenancy shall  commence on the first day  following the  expiration of the Lease
Term. As a monthly Tenant, Tenant shall be subject to all the terms, conditions,
covenants and agreements of this Lease,  except for the amount of the Base Rent,
which shall be in the amount  specified in this  paragraph.  During the holdover
period (if any),  the  Landlord  will provide the Tenant with the right to match
the terms of any lease  offer  received  by the  Landlord  (if any)  during  the
holdover period,  with said right of first refusal to be accepted within 30 days
of the receipt of such  offer,  and further  conditioned  upon the Tenant  being
credit-worthy.  The Landlord  shall  remain  entitled to all rights and remedies
afforded to Landlord due to Tenant's  failure to surrender the Leased  Premises,
and Tenant  shall remain  liable for any damages or losses  suffered by Landlord
during said holdover period.

                       ARTICLE 17 - COVENANTS OF LANDLORD

Section 17.1 Right of Quiet Enjoyment.  Landlord covenants that it has the right
to make this Lease for the term aforesaid, and that if Tenant shall pay all rent
when  due and  punctually  perform  all the  covenants,  terms,  conditions  and
agreements of this Lease to be performed by Tenant,  Tenant shall have the right
to, during the Lease Term,  freely,  peaceably and quietly  occupy and enjoy the
full  possession  of the Leased  Premises  without  molestation  or hindrance by
Landlord  or any  party  claiming  through  or under  Landlord,  subject  to the
provisions of Sections 15.1 and 15.2 hereof.

Section 17.2 HVAC.  Landlord  represents and warrants that all HVAC systems will
be operating at the commencement  date in reasonable  condition.  Replacement of
any HVAC system will be the responsibility of Landlord,  and shall be covered by
normal operating capital reserves.

                                       17
<PAGE>
Section 17.3  Compliance.  Landlord  represents and warrants that at the time of
execution of the Lease,  the Leased Premises shall comply with all local,  state
and federal codes, including ADA laws.

                        ARTICLE 18 - GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 18.1 No  Representations.  Tenant acknowledges that neither Landlord nor
any  broker,  agent or  employee of  Landlord  has made any  representations  or
promises with respect to the Leased Premises,  the Building or the land on which
the Leased  Premises is located,  except as herein  expressly set forth,  and no
rights,  privileges,  easements  or licenses  are  acquired by Tenant  except as
herein expressly set forth.

Section 18.2 No Partnership.  Nothing contained in this Lease shall be construed
as creating a partnership or joint venture of or between Landlord and Tenant, or
as creating any other relationship between the parties hereto other than that of
Landlord and Tenant.

Section  18.3  Brokers.  Landlord and Tenant each  represent  and warrant to the
other that  neither of them has  employed  or dealt with any broker,  agent,  or
finder in carrying on the  negotiations  relating to this Lease.  Landlord shall
indemnify and hold Tenant harmless, and Tenant shall indemnify and hold Landlord
harmless, from and against any claims for brokerage or other commissions arising
from or out of any breach of the  foregoing  representation  and warranty by the
respective indemnitor.

Section 18.4 Estoppel Certificates. At any time from time to time, upon not less
than fifteen (15) business days' prior written notice by Landlord,  Tenant shall
execute,  acknowledge  and  deliver to  Landlord  a  statement  in  writing  (i)
certifying  that this  Lease is  unmodified  and in full force and effect (or if
there  have been  modifications,  that the Lease is in full  force and effect as
modified  and stating the  modifications);  (ii)  stating the dates to which the
rent and any other  charges  hereunder  have been paid by Tenant;  (iii) stating
whether or not, to the best  knowledge of Tenant,  Landlord is in default in the
performance of any covenant, agreement or condition contained in this Lease, and
if so, specifying the nature of such default;  (iv) stating that all Tenant work
has been satisfactorily  completed, or if not, a list of items excepted; (v) any
other  certification  reasonably  required  by  Landlord;  and (vi)  stating the
address to which notices to Tenant are to be sent.  Any  statement  delivered by
Tenant may be relied  upon by any owner of the Leased  Premises or the land upon
which it is situated,  any prospective  purchaser of the Leased Premises or such
land, any mortgagee or prospective mortgagee of the Leased Premises or such land
or of  Landlord's  interest  therein,  or any  prospective  assignee of any such
mortgagee.

Section  18.5 Waiver of Jury Trial.  LANDLORD AND TENANT EACH HEREBY WAIVE TRIAL
BY JURY IN ANY  ACTION,  PROCEEDING  OR  COUNTERCLAIM  BROUGHT BY EITHER OF THEM
AGAINST  THE OTHER IN  CONNECTION  WITH ANY MATTER  ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY
CONNECTED WITH THIS LEASE,  THE  RELATIONSHIP OF LANDLORD AND TENANT  HEREUNDER,
TENANT'S USE OR OCCUPANCY OF THE LEASED PREMISES,  AND/OR ANY CLAIM OR INJURY OR
DAMAGE.

                                       18
<PAGE>
Section 18.6 Notices.  Whenever  notice is required or desired to be given under
this Lease,  such notice shall be in writing (unless otherwise stated) and shall
be deemed to have been given when  hand-delivered,  one (1)  business  day after
being sent by overnight delivery or courier service,  or three (3) business days
after being sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested,  and
addressed as follows:  (i) if to Landlord,  at 1166 Chain Bridge Rd, McLean,  VA
22101; (ii) if to Tenant, at 13595 Dulles  Technology Drive,  Herndon,  Virginia
20170.  Either  party may change its address for the giving of notices by notice
given in accordance with this Section.

Section 18.7  Severability.  If any  provision of this Lease or the  application
thereof  to any  person  or  circumstances  shall to any  extent be  invalid  or
unenforceable, the remainder of this Lease, or the application of such provision
to  persons  or  circumstances  other  than  those as to which it is  invalid or
unenforceable,  shall not be affected thereby,  and each provision of this Lease
shall be valid and enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law.

Section 18.8 Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Lease shall be
binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and each of
their respective representatives, successors and assigns, subject to the
provisions hereof prohibiting assignment or subletting by Tenant.

Section  18.9 Entire  Agreement.  This Lease  contains  and  embodies the entire
agreement  of  the  parties  hereto,  and  no  representations,  inducements  or
agreements, oral or otherwise, not contained in this Lease shall be of any force
or effect.  This Lease may not be modified or changed in whole or in part in any
manner  other than by an  instrument  in  writing  duly  signed by both  parties
hereto.

Section  18.10  Headings.  Article and section  headings are used herein for the
convenience  of  reference  and  shall  not be  considered  when  construing  or
interpreting this Lease.

Section 18.11 Execution and Delivery. The submission of an unsigned copy of this
document to Tenant for Tenant's  consideration  does not  constitute an offer to
lease the  Leased  Premises  or an option to or for the  Leased  Premises.  This
document shall become effective and binding only upon the execution and delivery
of this Lease by both Landlord and Tenant.

Section 18.12 Counterparts. This Lease may be executed in multiple counterparts,
each of which  shall be  deemed  an  original  and all of which  together  shall
constitute one and the same document.

Section  18.13  Calendar  Days/Business  Days.  As used in  this  Lease  and the
exhibits  thereto,  all  references  to "days"  shall be  calendar  days  unless
business days are specified.  Time is of the essence with respect to obligations
of Tenant under this Lease.

                                       19
<PAGE>
Section 18.14 Corporate  Authority.  Tenant  represents and warrants to Landlord
that the person  executing this Lease on behalf of Tenant is authorized to do so
on behalf of Tenant.

Section 18.15 Consent to  Jurisdiction  and Forum.  Any litigation in connection
with,  or arising  out of,  this Lease  shall be brought in the federal or state
courts for the  Commonwealth of Virginia.  Landlord and Tenant hereby consent to
such court's exercise of personal jurisdiction

Section 18.16 Recordation.  Neither this Lease nor a memorandum thereof shall be
recorded without the consent of Landlord. If Landlord so consents,  Tenant shall
pay all costs of  recordation,  including  any  transfer  or  recordation  taxes
incurred therewith.

Section  18.17  Governing  Law. This Lease shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia.

Section  18.18 Right of First  Offer.  The Tenant  shall have the right of first
offer on any  additional  spaces  that may  become  available  for  lease in the
Building  during the Lease Term.  Landlord  agrees to provide  written notice of
availability  and  Tenant  shall  have  ten (10)  business  days to  respond  by
delivering  written notice to Landlord of Tenant's  election either to lease, or
not to lease,  the  additional  space.  If no  response  is received by Landlord
within such 10-day period,  Tenant shall  conclusively be deemed to have elected
not to lease such  available  space.  If Tenant elects to lease such  additional
space, the terms and conditions shall be identical (or proportional, as the case
may be) to those of this Lease.  In the event  Tenant  elects to lease less than
all of the space which becomes available,  equitable allowance shall be made for
Landlord's  recapture  of any  extraordinary  construction  costs,  creation  of
additional core, or adverse effects on the marketability of Landlord's remaining
space.


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have executed this Lease under seal
on the day and year first above written.

                              TENANT:

                              EPLUS, INC.

                              By:    /s/ BRUCE M. BOWEN      [SEAL]
                                     ------------------------
                              Name:  Bruce M. Bowen
                                     ------------------------
                              Title: Executive Vice President
                                     ------------------------

                              LANDLORD:

                              NORTON BUILDING 1, LLC.


                              By: /s/ PHILLIP G. NORTON
                                  --------------------------
                                  Phillip G. Norton, Trustee

                                       20

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
