


Exhibit 10.25

                             SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
                             ----------------------

December 16, 2004

The Board of Directors
Rush Financial Technologies, Inc.
13355 Noel Road, Suite 300
Dallas, Texas 75240

Gentlemen:

1.       Subscription.  On the terms set forth  below,  the  undersigned  hereby
subscribes  for the shares of Common  Stock (the  "Shares")  and Stock  Purchase
Warrants  (the  "Warrants")  in  Rush  Financial  Technologies,  Inc.,  a  Texas
corporation  (the "Company") set forth on the Signature Page. In connection with
such  subscription,  the undersigned  hereby tenders to the Company two executed
counterparts of this Subscription Agreement, together with a check acceptable to
the  Company  in an amount  equal to the full  purchase  price of the Shares and
Warrants  subscribed  for  hereunder  as set forth on the  Signature  Page.  The
undersigned  understands  and agrees that the Company may decline to accept this
subscription,  in which case all instruments  tendered herewith will be promptly
returned.  If the Company  accepts this  subscription,  such  acceptance will be
signified by executing the  acknowledgment  on the appropriate page of each copy
hereof tendered by the undersigned and causing one such  acknowledged copy to be
returned to the undersigned.

2.       Delivery of  Information.  The  undersigned  acknowledges  constructive
receipt of the Company's  disclosure  materials on file with the  Securities and
Exchange  Commission.  In  addition,  the  undersigned  has  received  all other
information  deemed  material  by the  Subscriber  to the making of an  informed
decision whether to invest in the Company.

3.       Representations,  Warranties,  and  Covenants of the  Undersigned.  The
undersigned  hereby represents and warrants to and covenants with the Company as
follows:

         (a)      The undersigned  understands that the following information is
         being furnished to determine whether sales of the Shares may be made to
         the undersigned  pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
         (the "1933 Act") and applicable  state securities laws. The undersigned
         understands  that the information  contained herein will be relied upon
         for  purposes  of  such  determination,  and  the  Shares  will  not be
         registered  under  the 1933 Act in  reliance  upon the  exemption  from
         registration  provided by Section 4(2) of the 1933 Act. The undersigned
         represents  and  warrants to the Company and its  officers,  directors,
         agents and employees  that;  (i) the  information  contained  herein is
         complete and accurate and may be relied upon by such parties,  and (ii)
         the  undersigned  will notify the Company  immediately of any change in
         any of such information  occurring prior to the closing of the purchase
         of any Shares by the undersigned.  All information  furnished herein or
         hereby  is  for  the  sole  use  of  the  Company  and  the   Company's
         representatives  and counsel,  and will be held in  confidence  by such
         persons, except that this Agreement may be furnished to such parties as
         may be deemed desirable to establish compliance with federal,  state or
         foreign securities laws.

                                       6
<PAGE>

         (b)      The  undersigned has adequate net worth and means of providing
         for his/her current needs and possible personal contingencies,  and the
         undersigned  has no need, and  anticipates  no need in the  foreseeable
         future, to sell the Shares for which the undersigned hereby subscribes.
         The  undersigned is able to bear the economic risks of this  investment
         and,  consequently,  without  limiting the generality of the foregoing,
         the undersigned is able to hold his/her Shares for an indefinite period
         of time and has a  sufficient  net worth to  sustain a loss of  his/her
         entire  investment  in the Company in the event such loss should occur.
         The overall  commitment by the undersigned to investments  that are not
         readily  marketable is not  disproportionate  to his/her net worth, and
         his/her acquisition of Shares will not cause such overall commitment to
         become  excessive.  The  undersigned  is an  "Accredited  Investor"  as
         defined by SEC Regulation D.

         (c)      The undersigned has such knowledge and experience in financial
         and business  matters that the undersigned is capable of evaluating the
         merits and risks of an investment in the Shares.

         (d)      The  undersigned  confirms that all  documents,  records,  and
         books  pertaining  to  the  undersigned's  proposed  investment  in the
         Company have been made available to the undersigned.

         (e)      The undersigned has had an opportunity to ask questions of and
         receive satisfactory answers from the Company, or any person or persons
         acting on the Company's behalf,  concerning the terms and conditions of
         this investment,  and all such questions have been answered to the full
         satisfaction of the undersigned.

         (f)      The Shares for which the undersigned hereby subscribes will be
         acquired for the undersigned's own account for investment, and not with
         the view  toward  resale  or  redistribution  in a manner  which  would
         require  registration  under the 1933 Act, and the undersigned does not
         now have any  reason to  anticipate  any  change  in the  undersigned's
         circumstances or other  particular  occasion or event which would cause
         the undersigned to sell his/her Shares.

         (g)      The undersigned  represents that it has been called to his/her
         attention,  that an investment in the Shares  involves a high degree of
         risk  which  may  result  in  the  loss  of  the  total  amount  of the
         undersigned's investment.

         (h)      The undersigned is now a bona fide individual  resident of the
         state set forth herein,  and the address and social  security number or
         federal  tax  identification  number  set forth  herein is the true and
         correct   residence   and  social   security   number  or  federal  tax
         identification  number  of  the  undersigned.  The  undersigned  has no
         present  intention  of  becoming  a  resident  of any  other  state  or
         jurisdiction.

         (i)      The  undersigned   acknowledges  that  the  Company  has  made
         available to the undersigned or the undersigned's personal advisors the
         opportunity to obtain additional  information to verify the accuracy of
         the information  contained in the disclosure  materials and to evaluate
         the merits and risks of this investment, including, but not limited to,
         the  income  tax  consequences  of  the  investment.   The  undersigned
         represents   that,   by  reason  of  his/her   business  and  financial
         experience,  the  undersigned  has  acquired  the  capacity  to protect
         his/her own interest in  investments  of this  nature.  In reaching the
         conclusion  that the  undersigned  desires to acquire the  Shares,  the

                                       7
<PAGE>

         undersigned has carefully  evaluated  his/her  financial  resources and
         investment position and the risks associated with this investment,  and
         acknowledges  that  he/she is able to bear the  economic  risks of this
         investment.

         (j)      The Shares and Warrants  have been offered to the  undersigned
         without any form of general  solicitation or advertising of any type by
         or on  behalf  of  the  Company  or any  of  its  officers,  directors,
         employees or agents, or any other person.

         (k)      The  undersigned   understands  that  neither  the  Securities
         Exchange  Commission nor any securities  administrator of any state has
         made any  finding  or  determination  relating  to the  fairness  of an
         investment  in the Shares,  and that  neither the  Securities  Exchange
         Commission  nor any securities  administrator  of any state has or will
         recommend or endorse any offering of the Shares.

4.       Limitation  on  Transfer  of  Shares  and  Warrants.   The  undersigned
acknowledges that he/she is aware that there are substantial restrictions on the
transferability of the Shares and Warrants.  The Shares and Warrants will not be
registered  under the 1933 Act or  applicable  state  securities  laws,  and the
Shares and Warrants may not be, and the  undersigned  agrees that they shall not
be, sold, unless such sale is registered or exempt from such registration  under
the 1933 Act or state  securities  laws or  regulations.  The  undersigned  also
acknowledges that he/she shall be responsible for compliance with all conditions
on transfer  imposed by any  securities  administrator  of any state and for any
expenses incurred by the Company for legal or accounting  services in connection
with reviewing such a proposed  transfer and/or issuing an opinion in connection
therewith.  The Company agrees to include the listing of the Shares and Warrants
in the next SEC Registration  Statement filed by the Company, and intends to use
its best efforts to make the Registration Statement effective.

5.       Compliance with Securities Laws. The undersigned understands and agrees
that  the  following   restrictions   and  limitations  are  applicable  to  the
undersigned's  purchase and resale or other transfers of the Shares and Warrants
pursuant to the 1933 Act.

         (a)      The undersigned  agrees that the Shares and Warrants shall not
         be sold or  otherwise  transferred  unless the Shares and  Warrants are
         registered  under the 1933 Act and state securities laws, or are exempt
         therefrom.

         (b)      A legend in substantially  the following form has been or will
         be  placed  on  the  certificate(s)  or  other  document(s),   if  any,
         evidencing the Shares and Warrants:

         THE SECURITIES  REPRESENTED BY THIS  CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR
         INVESTMENT  AND HAVE NOT BEEN  REGISTERED  UNDER THE  SECURITIES ACT OF
         1933, AS AMENDED,  OR THE  SECURITIES  LAWS OF ANY STATE.  WITHOUT SUCH
         REGISTRATION, SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED,
         EXCEPT  UPON   DELIVERY  TO  THE  COMPANY  OF  AN  OPINION  OF  COUNSEL
         SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT  REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED FOR SUCH
         TRANSFER,  OR SUCH OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY BE SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY
         TO THE EFFECT THAT ANY SUCH  TRANSFER  SHALL NOT BE IN VIOLATION OF THE
         SECURITIES  ACT OF 1933,  AS AMENDED,  OR APPLICABLE  STATE  SECURITIES
         LAWS, OR ANY RULE OR REGULATION PROMULGATED THEREUNDER.

                                       8
<PAGE>

         (c)      Stop transfer  instructions  have been or will be imposed with
         respect to the Shares and  Warrants so as to  restrict  resale or other
         transfer  thereof,  subject to the further items hereof,  including the
         provisions of the legend set forth in subparagraph (b) above.

6.       Registration  Rights. If at any time the Company shall prepare and file
one or more  registration  statements  under  the Act with  respect  to a public
offering of equity or debt securities of the Company,  or of any such securities
of the Company held by its security holders, other than a registration statement
on Forms S-4,  S-8,  or  similar  form,  the  Company  will  include in any such
registration  statement  such  information  as is  required,  and such number of
shares of Common Stock held by the  undersigned  to permit a public  offering of
such shares of Common  Stock as  required;  provided,  however,  that if, in the
written  opinion  of the  Company's  managing  underwriter,  if  any,  for  such
offering, the inclusion of the shares requested to be registered,  when added to
the  securities  being  registered  by  the  Company  or  the  selling  security
holder(s),  would exceed the maximum amount of the Company's securities that can
be marketed  without  otherwise  materially  and adversely  affecting the entire
offering,  then the Company may exclude from such  offering  that portion of the
shares required to be so registered so that the total number of securities to be
registered  is within the maximum  number of shares that,  in the opinion of the
managing underwriter, may be marketed without otherwise materially and adversely
affecting the entire offering.  The Company shall use its best efforts to obtain
promptly  the  effectiveness  of such  registration  statement  and maintain the
effectiveness  thereof  for at least 180 days and to  register  or  qualify  the
subject  shares of Common Stock  underlying  this Warrant for sale in up to five
(5) states  identified by the  undersigned.  The Company shall bear all fees and
expenses other than the fees and expenses of the undersigned's  counsel incurred
in the preparation and filing of such  registration  statement and related state
registrations,  to the extent permitted by applicable law, and the furnishing of
copies of the preliminary and final prospectus thereof to the undersigned.

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  subject to acceptance by the Company,  the undersigned has
completed this Subscription  Agreement to evidence his/her  subscription for the
Shares and Warrants set forth below:

Number of Shares (at $0.24 per Share):  2,083,334
Number of Stock Purchase Warrants:  2,083,334

Total subscription amount:   $500,000

Shares and Warrants to be registered as follows:   Bonanza Master Fund, Ltd.
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                         (Owner Name)

300 Crescent Court, Suite 1740                     /s/ Bernay Box
- -------------------------------------              -----------------------------
Address                                            Signature

Dallas, Texas 75201                                Bernay Box
- -------------------------------------              -----------------------------
                                                   Name(s) typed or printed
 98-0371835
- -------------------------------------
Tax I.D. or Social Security Number


                                       9
<PAGE>

Subscription Accepted:

                                              RUSH FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.



 December 23, 2004                            By: /s/ D. M. Moore, Jr.
- ------------------                               -------------------------------
Date                                             D.M. Moore, Jr., President





















                                       10



