
                                                                     Exhibit 3.4
                                                                     -----------

                                     BY-LAWS

                                       OF

                            HENKEL MERGER CORPORATION

                                    ARTICLE I

                                     OFFICES

                    SECTION 1. REGISTERED OFFICE. The registered office shall be
established and maintained at the office of Corporation Trust Center, in the
City of Wilmington, in the County of New Castle, in the State of Delaware, and
said corporation shall be the registered agent of this corporation in charge
thereof.

                    SECTION 2. OTHER OFFICES. The corporation may have other
offices, either within or without the State of Delaware, at such place or places
as the Board of Directors may from time to time appoint or the business of the
corporation may require.

                                   ARTICLE II

                             MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

                    SECTION 1. ANNUAL MEETINGS. Annual meetings of stockholders
for the election of directors and for such other business as may be stated in
the notice of the meeting, shall be held at such place, either within or without
the State of Delaware, and at such time and date as the Board of Directors, by
resolution, shall determine and as set forth in the notice of the meeting. In
the event the Board of Directors fails to so determine the time, date and place
of meeting, the annual meeting of stockholders shall be held at the offices of
the corporation in Delaware on the first Tuesday of April at 11:30 A.M.

                    If the date of the annual meeting shall fall upon a legal
holiday, the meeting shall be held on the next business day. At each annual
meeting, the stockholders entitled to vote shall elect a Board of Directors and
they may transact such other corporate business as shall be stated in the notice
of the meeting.

                    SECTION 2. OTHER MEETINGS. Meetings of stockholders for any
purpose other than the election of directors may be held at such time and place,
within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be stated in the notice of
meeting.

                    SECTION 3. VOTING. Each stockholder entitled to vote in
accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation and in accordance
with the provisions of these By-laws shall be entitled to one vote, in person or
by proxy, for each share of stock entitled to vote held by such stockholder, but
no proxy shall be voted after three years from its date unless such proxy
provides for a longer period. Upon the demand of any stockholder, the vote for
directors and the vote upon any question before the meeting, shall be by ballot.
All elections for directors shall be decided by plurality vote; all questions
shall be decided by majority vote except as otherwise provided by the
Certificate of Incorporation or the laws of the State of Delaware.

                    A complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the
ensuing election, arranged in alphabetical order, with the address of each, and
the number of shares held by each, shall be open to the examination of any
stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business
hours, for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at a place
within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified
in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the
meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the meeting
and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by
any stockholder who is present.

                    SECTION 4. QUORUM. Except as otherwise required by law, by
the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-laws, the presence, in person or
by proxy, of stockholders holding a majority of the stock of the corporation
entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders.
In case a quorum shall not be present at any meeting, a majority in interest of
the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or by proxy, shall
have the power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other
than announcement at the meeting, until the requisite amount of stock entitled
to vote shall be present. At any such adjourned meeting at which the requisite
amount of stock entitled to vote shall be represented, any business may be
transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally
noticed; but only those stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting as
originally noticed shall be entitled to vote at any adjournment or adjournments
thereof.

                    SECTION 5. SPECIAL MEETINGS. Special meetings of the
stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called by the Chairman of the
Board, or by resolution of the directors.

                    SECTION 6. NOTICE OF MEETINGS. Written notice, stating the
place, date and time of the meeting, and the general nature of the business to
be considered, shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote thereat at
his address as it appears on the records of the corporation, not less than ten
nor more than sixty days before the date of the meeting. No business other than
that stated in the notice shall be transacted at any meeting without the
unanimous consent of all the stockholders entitled to vote thereat.

                    SECTION 7. ACTION WITHOUT MEETING. Unless otherwise provided
by the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required to be taken at any
annual or special meeting of stockholders, or any action which may be taken at
any annual or special meeting, may be taken without a meeting, without prior
notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so
taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than
the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such
action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present
and voted. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting
by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who
have not consented in writing.

                                   ARTICLE III

                                    DIRECTORS

                    SECTION 1. NUMBER AND TERM. The number of directors shall be
three. The directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of the stockholders
and each director shall be elected to serve until his successor shall be elected
and shall qualify. Directors need not be stockholders.

                    SECTION 2. RESIGNATIONS. Any director, member of a committee
or other officer may resign at any time. Such resignation shall be made in
writing, and shall take effect at the time specified therein, and if no time is
specified, at the time of its receipt by the Chairman of the Board, President or
Secretary. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it
effective.

                    SECTION 3. VACANCIES. If the office of any director, member
of a committee or other officer becomes vacant, the remaining directors in
office, though less than a quorum, by a majority vote, may appoint any qualified
person to fill such vacancy, who shall hold office for the unexpired term and
until his successor shall be duly chosen.

                    SECTION 4. REMOVAL. Except as hereinafter provided, any
director or directors may be removed either for or without cause at any time by
the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all the shares of stock
outstanding and entitled to vote, at a special meeting of the stockholders
called for the purpose of removal and the vacancies thus created may be filled,
at the meeting held for the purpose of removal, by the affirmative vote of a
majority in interest of the stockholders entitled to vote.

                    SECTION 5. INCREASE OF NUMBER. The number of directors may
be increased by amendment of these By-laws by the affirmative vote of a majority
of the directors, though less than a quorum, or, by the affirmative vote of a
majority interest of the stockholders, at the annual meeting or at a special
meeting called for that purpose, and by like vote the additional directors may
be chosen at such meeting to hold office until the next annual election and
until their successors are elected and qualify.

                    SECTION 6. POWERS. The Board of Directors shall exercise all
of the powers of the corporation except such as are by law, by the Certificate
of Incorporation of the corporation or by these By-laws conferred upon or
reserved to the stockholders.

                    SECTION 7. COMMITTEES. The Board of Directors may, by
resolution or resolutions passed by a majority of the whole board, designate one
or more committees, each committee to consist of two or more directors of the
corporation. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as
alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified
member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of
any member of such committee or committees, the member or members thereof
present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or
they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of
Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified
member.

                    Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution
of the Board of Directors, or in these By-laws, shall have and may exercise all
the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the
business and affairs of the corporation, and may authorize the seal of the
corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such
committee shall have the power or authority in reference to amending the
Certificate of Incorporation, adopting an agreement of merger or consolidation,
recommending to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or
substantially all of the corporation's property and assets, recommending to the
stockholders a dissolution of the corporation or a revocation of a dissolution,
or amending the By-laws of the corporation; and, unless the resolution, these
By-laws, or the Certificate of Incorporation expressly so provide, no such
committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend or to
authorize the issuance of stock.

                    SECTION 8. MEETINGS. The newly elected directors may hold
their first meeting for the purpose of organization and the transaction of
business, if a quorum is present, immediately after the annual meeting of the
stockholders; or the time and place of such meeting may be fixed by consent in
writing of all the directors.

                    Regular meetings of the directors may be held without notice
at such places and times as shall be determined from time to time by resolution
of the directors.

                    Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by
the Chairman of the Board, President or Secretary on the written request of any
two directors on at least two day's notice to each director and shall be held at
such place or places as may be determined by the directors, or shall be stated
in the call of the meeting.

                    Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of
Incorporation or by these By-laws, members of the Board of Directors, or any
committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting of
the Board of Directors, or any committee, by means of conference telephone or
similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in
the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall
constitute presence in person at the meeting.

                    SECTION 9. QUORUM. A majority of the directors shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If at any meeting of the
Board of Directors there shall be less than a quorum present, a majority of
those present may adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum is
obtained, and no further notice thereof need be given other than by announcement
at the meeting which shall be so adjourned.

                    SECTION 10. COMPENSATION. Directors shall not receive any
stated salary for their services as directors or as members of committees, but
by resolution of the Board of Directors a fixed fee and expenses of attendance
may be allowed for attendance at each meeting. Nothing herein contained shall be
construed to preclude any director from serving the corporation in any other
capacity as an officer, agent or otherwise, and receiving compensation therefor.

                    SECTION 11. ACTION WITHOUT MEETING. Any action required or
permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any
committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting, if prior to such action a
written consent thereto is signed by all members of the board, or of such
committee as the case may be, and such written consent is filed with the minutes
of proceedings of the board or committee.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                                    OFFICERS

                    SECTION 1. OFFICERS. The officers of the corporation shall
be a Chairman of the Board, a President, a Secretary, a Treasurer and such other
officers (including, without limitation, a Chief Financial Officer) as the Board
of Directors from time to time may deem proper, all of whom shall be elected by
the Board of Directors and who shall hold office until they are removed from
office or their successors are elected and qualified. The Chairman of the Board
shall be chosen from the directors. In addition, the Board of Directors may
elect one or more Vice-Presidents and such Assistant Secretaries and Assistant
Treasurers as they may deem proper. None of the other officers of the
corporation need be directors. The officers shall be elected at the first
meeting of the Board of Directors after each annual meeting. More than two
offices may be held by the same person.

                    SECTION 2. OTHER OFFICERS AND AGENTS. The Board of Directors
may appoint such other officers and agents as it may deem advisable, who shall
hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform
such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.

                    SECTION 3. CHAIRMAN. The Chairman of the Board of Directors,
if one be elected, shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and
he shall have and perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned
to him by the Board of Directors.

                    SECTION 4. PRESIDENT. The President shall be the chief
executive officer of the corporation and shall have the general powers and
duties of supervision and management usually vested in the office of President
of a corporation. He shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders if
present thereat, and in the absence or non-election of the Chairman of the Board
of Directors, at all meetings of the Board of Directors, and shall have general
supervision, direction and control of the business of the corporation. Except as
the Board of Directors shall authorize the execution thereof in some other
manner, he shall execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts on behalf of the
corporation, and shall cause the seal to be affixed to any instrument requiring
it and when so affixed the seal shall be attested by the signature of the
Secretary or the Treasurer or an Assistant Secretary or an Assistant Treasurer.

                    SECTION 5. VICE-PRESIDENT. Each Vice-President shall have
such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to him by the
directors.

                    SECTION 6. TREASURER. The Treasurer shall have the custody
of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate account
of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the corporation. He shall
deposit all moneys and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the
corporation in such depositaries as may be designated by the Board of Directors.

                    The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the corporation as
may be ordered by the Board of Directors, or the President, taking proper
vouchers for such disbursements. He shall render to the President and Board of
Directors at the regular meetings of the Board of Directors, or whenever they
may request it, an account of all his transactions as Treasurer and of the
financial condition of the corporation. If required by the Board of Directors,
he shall give the corporation a bond for the faithful discharge of his duties in
such amount and with such surety as the board shall prescribe.

                    SECTION 7. SECRETARY. The Secretary shall give, or cause to
be given, notice of all meetings of stockholders and directors, and all other
notices required by law or by these By-laws, and in case of his absence or
refusal or neglect so to do, any such notice may be given by any person
thereunto directed by the President, or by the directors, or stockholders, upon
whose requisition the meeting is called as provided in these By-laws. He shall
record all the proceedings of the meetings of the corporation and of the
directors in a book to be kept for that purpose, and shall perform such other
duties as may be assigned to him by the directors or the President. He shall
have the custody of the seal of the corporation and shall affix the same to all
instruments requiring it, when authorized by the directors or the President, and
attest the same.

                    SECTION 8. REMOVAL. Any officer elected by the Board of
Directors may be removed by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors
whenever, in their judgment, the best interests of the corporation would be
served thereby.

                                    ARTICLE V

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

                    SECTION 1. CERTIFICATES OF STOCK. Certificate of stock,
signed by the Chairman or Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors, if they are
elected, the President or Vice-President, and the Treasurer or an Assistant
Treasurer, Secretary or Assistant Secretary, shall be issued to each stockholder
certifying the number of shares owned by him in the corporation. Any of or all
the signatures may be facsimiles.

                    SECTION 2. LOST CERTIFICATES. A new certificate of stock may
be issued in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by the corporation,
alleged to have been lost or destroyed, and the directors may, in their
discretion, require the owner of the lost or destroyed certificate, or his legal
representatives, to give the corporation a bond, in such sum as they may direct,
not exceeding double the value of the stock, to indemnify the corporation
against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss of
any such certificate, or the issuance of any such new certificate.

                    SECTION 3. TRANSFER OF SHARES. The shares of stock of the
corporation shall be transferable only upon its books by the holders thereof in
person or by their duly authorized attorneys or legal representatives, and upon
such transfer the old certificates shall be surrendered to the corporation by
the delivery thereof to the person in charge of the stock and transfer books and
ledgers, or to such other person as the directors may designate, by whom they
shall be canceled, and new certificates shall thereupon be issued. A record
shall be made of each transfer and whenever a transfer shall be made for
collateral security, and not absolutely, it shall be so expressed in the entry
of the transfer.

                    SECTION 4. STOCKHOLDERS RECORD DATE. In order that the
corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at
any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to
corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of
any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to
exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or
for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in
advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty nor less than ten
days before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty days prior to any
other action. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or
to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the
meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record
date for the adjourned meeting.

                    SECTION 5. DIVIDENDS. Subject to the provisions of the
Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors may, out of funds legally
available therefor at any regular or special meeting, declare dividends upon the
capital stock of the corporation as and when they deem expedient. Before
declaring any dividend there may be set apart out of any funds of the
corporation available for dividends, such sum or sums as the directors from time
to time in their discretion deem proper for working capital or as a reserve fund
to meet contingencies or for equalizing dividends or for such other purposes as
the directors shall deem conducive to the interests of the company.

                    SECTION 6. SEAL. The corporate seal shall contain the name
of the corporation, the year of its creation and the words "CORPORATE SEAL
DELAWARE". Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be
impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.

                    SECTION 7. FISCAL YEAR. The fiscal year of the corporation
shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors.

                    SECTION 8. CHECKS. All checks, drafts or other orders for
the payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the
name of the corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers, agent or
agents of the corporation, and in such manner as shall be determined from time
to time by resolutions of the Board of Directors.

                    SECTION 9. NOTICE AND WAIVER OF NOTICE. Whenever any notice
is required by these By-laws to be given, personal notice is not meant unless
expressly so stated, and any notice so required shall be deemed to be sufficient
if given by depositing the same in the United States mail, postage prepaid,
addressed to the person entitled thereto at his address as it appears on the
records of the corporation, and such notice shall be deemed to have been given
on the day of such mailing. Stockholders not entitled to vote shall not be
entitled to receive notice of any meetings except as otherwise provided by
Statute.

                    Whenever any notice is required to be given under the
provisions of any law, or under the provisions of the Certificate of
Incorporation of the corporation or these By-laws, a waiver thereof in writing,
signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice, whether before or after
the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto.

                  SECTION 10. INDEMNIFICATION OF OFFICERS, DIRECTORS AND OTHERS.
(A) Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party
to or is involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative (hereinafter a "proceeding"), by reason of the
fact that he or she, or a person of whom he or she is the legal representative,
is or was a director or officer, of the Corporation or is or was serving at the
request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary, or agent
of another Corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the
fullest extent which it is empowered to do so unless prohibited from doing so by
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as the same exists or may
hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent
that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification
rights than said law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such
amendment) again all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys' fees
actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such
proceeding) and such indemnification shall inure to the benefit of his or her
heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that, except as provided
in paragraph (B) of this Section 10, the Corporation shall indemnify any such
person seeking indemnification in connection with a proceeding initiated by such
person only if such proceeding was authorized by the board of directors of the
Corporation. The right to indemnification conferred in this Section 10 shall be
a contract right and, subject to paragraphs (B) and (E) of this Section 10,
shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses incurred in
defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition. The
Corporation may, by action of its board of directors, provide indemnification to
employees and agents of the Corporation with the same scope and effect as the
foregoing indemnification of directors and officers.

                  (B) Any indemnification of a director of officer of the
Corporation under paragraph (A) of this Section 10 or advance of expenses under
paragraph (E) of this Section 10 shall be made promptly, and in any event within
thirty (30) days, upon the written request of the director or officer. If a
determination by the Corporation that the director or officer is entitled to
indemnification pursuant to this Section 10 is required, and the Corporation
fails to respond within sixty (60) days to a written request for indemnity, the
Corporation shall be deemed to have approved the request. If the Corporation
denies a written request for indemnification or advancing of expenses, in whole
or in part, or if payment in full pursuant to such request is not made within
thirty (30) days, the right to indemnification or advances as granted by this
Article V shall be enforceable by the director or officer in any court of
competent jurisdiction. Such person's costs and expenses incurred in connection
with successfully establishing his or her right to indemnification, in whole or
in part, in any such action shall also be indemnified by the Corporation. It
shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a
claim for expenses incurred in defending any proceeding in advance of its final
disposition where the required undertaking, if any, has been tendered to the
Corporation) that the claimant has not met the standards of conduct which make
it permissible under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware for
the Corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed, but the burden
of such defense shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure of the
Corporation (including its board of directors, independent legal counsel, or its
stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such
action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances
because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, nor an actual determination by
the Corporation (including its board of directors, independent legal counsel, or
its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of
conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the
claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

                  (C) The rights to indemnification and the payment of expenses
incurred in defending a proceeding in advance of its final disposition conferred
in this Section 10 shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person
may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the certificate of
incorporation, by-law, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors or otherwise.

                  (D) The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on its
own behalf and on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer,
employee, fiduciary, or agent of the Corporation or was serving at the request
of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any
liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such
capacity, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such
person against such liability under this Section 10.

                  (E) Expenses incurred by any person described in paragraph (A)
of this Section 10 in defending a proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in
advance of such proceeding's final disposition unless otherwise determined by
the board of directors in the specific case upon receipt of an undertaking by or
on behalf of the director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately
be determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by the
Corporation. Such expenses incurred by other employees and agents may be so paid
upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the board of directors deems
appropriate.

                  (F) Persons who are not covered by the foregoing provisions of
this Section 10 and who are or were employees or agents of the Corporation, or
who are or were employees or agents of the Corporation, or who are or were
serving at the request of the Corporation as employees or agents of another
Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, may be
indemnified to the extent authorized at any time or from time to time by the
board of directors.

                  (G) The provisions of this Section 10 shall be deemed to be a
contract right between the Corporation and each director or officer who serves
in any such capacity at any time while this Section 10 and the relevant
provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or other
applicable law are in effect, and any repeal or modification of this Section 10
or any such law shall not affect any rights or obligations then existing with
respect to any state of facts or proceeding then existing.

                  (H) For purposes of this Section 10, references to "the
Corporation" shall include, in addition to the resulting Corporation, any
constituent Corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in
a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would
have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees
or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or
agent of such constituent Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of
such constituent Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of
another Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise,
shall stand in the same position under this Section 10 with respect to the
resulting or surviving Corporation as he or she would have with respect to such
constituent Corporation if its separate existence had continued.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                                   AMENDMENTS

                    These By-laws may be altered, amended or repealed and
additional By-laws may be adopted at any annual meeting of the stockholders or
at any special meeting thereof if notice of the proposed alteration or repeal of
any provisions of these By-laws or the proposed adoption of any additional
By-laws is contained in the notice of such special meeting, by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote
thereat, or by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors, at
any regular meeting of the Board of Directors, or at any special meeting of the
Board of Directors, if notice of the proposed alteration or repeal of any
provision of these By-laws or the proposed adoption of any additional By-laws is
contained in the notice of such special meeting.

