

[LOGO] ATLAS AIR
       WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS

                                                                    NEWS RELEASE
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2000 Westchester Avenue, Purchase, New York, 10577  o  914-701-8400


FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE


Contacts:  Alan Caminiti 914-701-8400 (Media)
           Dan Loh 914-701-8210 (Investors)


                       ATLAS AIR WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS, INC.
                             ELECTS RONALD L. KERBER
                              TO BOARD OF DIRECTORS

PURCHASE,  N.Y., DECEMBER 28, 2004 -- Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings,  Inc. (AAWW)
(OTC:  AAWWV.PK),  a leading provider of global air cargo services,  has elected
Ronald L. Kerber as a director of AAWW and its principal operating subsidiaries,
Atlas Air, Inc. and Polar Air Cargo, Inc.

Mr.  Kerber,  who was elected to the board at a meeting of AAWW's  directors  on
December  21,  2004,  will also  serve as a member  of its Audit and  Governance
Committee.

From 1991  until  2001,  Mr.  Kerber  was  Executive  Vice  President  and Chief
Technology  Officer  of  Whirlpool  Corporation.  He was  also a  member  of the
corporation's   Executive   Committee.   Mr.  Kerber  led  Whirlpool's   product
development and  procurement  programs,  and managed  business lines with annual
sales totaling more than $1.2 billion.

Prior to joining Whirlpool, Mr. Kerber served as Vice President,  Technology and
Business Development at McDonnell Douglas Corporation,  Deputy Undersecretary of
Defense for Research and Advanced  Technology at the U.S. Department of Defense,
and Professor of Electrical  Engineering and Mechanical  Engineering at Michigan
State University.

Since  retiring  from  Whirlpool in 2001,  Mr.  Kerber has devoted  himself to a
variety  of  entrepreneurial  and  pro  bono  activities.  Currently,  he  is an
independent   consultant   advising  clients  on  global  sourcing  and  product
development  matters  and on  manufacturing  strategies.  He is also a  visiting
professor  at the Darden  Business  School of the  University  of Virginia and a
member of the Defense  Department's  Defense  Science Board.  Mr. Kerber holds a
bachelor  of science  degree from Purdue  University  and masters and  doctorate
degrees in engineering science from the California Institute of Technology.

Mr.  Kerber was  elected  to fill a vacancy  created  by the  resignation  of T.
Wakelee  Smith as a director of AAWW and its principal  operating  subsidiaries,
effective  December 21, 2004.  Mr. Smith remains senior vice president and chief
operating officer of AAWW and its principal subsidiaries. His resignation is not
due to any  disagreement  with the  company  on any  matter  related  to  AAWW's
operations, policies or practices.

<PAGE>

ABOUT ATLAS AIR WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS, INC.:

AAWW is the parent company of Atlas Air, Inc. (Atlas) and Polar Air Cargo,  Inc.
(Polar),  which  together  operate  the  world's  largest  fleet of  Boeing  747
freighter aircraft.

Atlas is the world's leading provider of ACMI (aircraft,  crew,  maintenance and
insurance) freighter aircraft to major airlines around the globe. Polar is among
the world's leading  providers of  airport-to-airport  freight  carriage.  Polar
operates a global,  scheduled-service network and serves substantially all major
trade lanes of the world.

Through both of its principal  subsidiaries,  AAWW also provides  commercial and
military charter services.

                                      * * *



