-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 OJhpRe4FIbe34ureGIPGhTCKK3rHHk6m4YXSH9dgz0s77vbgfU6fBwZBdhJI5HTN
 Nx5poWddSJHqHLwRwnfrkg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001170918-04-000777.txt : 20041220
<SEC-HEADER>0001170918-04-000777.hdr.sgml : 20041220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041217190220
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001170918-04-000777
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041214
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TARRANT APPAREL GROUP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000944948
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WOMEN'S, MISSES', AND JUNIORS OUTERWEAR [2330]
		IRS NUMBER:				954181026
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26006
		FILM NUMBER:		041212563

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3151 EAST WASHINGTON BLVD
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90023
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2137808250

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3151 EAST WASHINGTON BLVD
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90023
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>fm8k-121404.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K (12-14-04)
<TEXT>
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549


                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT

                     PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


       Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): December 14, 2004


                              TARRANT APPAREL GROUP
               (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)


         CALIFORNIA                   0-26006                   95-4181026
(State or Other Jurisdiction        (Commission              (I.R.S. Employer
      of Incorporation)             File Number)             Identification No.)





               3151 EAST WASHINGTON BOULEVARD
                   LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA                       90023
          (Address of Principal Executive Offices)             (Zip Code)




                                 (323) 780-8250
              (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code)




Check  the  appropriate  box  below  if the  Form  8-K  filing  is  intended  to
simultaneously  satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

[_]  Written  communications  pursuant to Rule 425 under the  Securities Act (17
     CFR 230.425)

[_]  Soliciting  material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
     240.14a-12)

[_]  Pre-commencement   communications  pursuant  to  Rule  14d-2(b)  under  the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[_]  Pre-commencement   communications  pursuant  to  Rule  13e-4(c)  under  the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


<PAGE>


ITEM 1.01.  ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT.
ITEM 2.03.  CREATION OF A DIRECT FINANCIAL  OBLIGATION OR AN OBLIGATION UNDER AN
            OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENT OF A REGISTRANT.
ITEM 3.02.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

         On December 14, 2004,  Tarrant  Apparel Group  completed its previously
announced  $10  million  financing  through  the  issuance  of  (i)  6%  Secured
Convertible  Debentures and (ii) Warrants to purchase up to 1,250,000  shares of
our Common Stock.  Prior to maturity,  the investors may convert the  Debentures
into shares of our Common Stock at a price of $2.00 per share. The Warrants have
a term of five years and an exercise  price of $2.50 per share.  The  Debentures
bear interest at a rate of 6% per annum and have a term of three years.

         We sold these securities to the following investors: The Runnels Family
Trust DTD 1-11-2000, High Tide, LLC, Bear Stearns Securities Corp. Custodian FBO
J. Steven  Emerson Roth IRA,  Bear Stearns  Securities  Corp.  Custodian  FBO J.
Steven Emerson IRA II, Bristol Investment Fund, Ltd., MM & B Holdings,  Freedman
Leff  Investment  Partnership,  Bank  Insinger de Beaufort  Safe Custody NV, JMG
Triton Offshore Fund, Ltd., JMB Capital Partners and JMG Capital Partners LP. No
other  material  relationships  exist  between  the  Company  and  each of these
investors.

         The  Debentures  contain  customary  events of  default  and permit the
holders thereof to accelerate the maturity of the full principal amount together
with  interest and other  amounts  owing upon the  occurrence  of such events of
default.  Additionally,  upon a holder's election to accelerate  payment, we are
obligated to pay 120% of the principal  amount of the Debenture plus all accrued
and unpaid  interest  thereon,  or, in the  absence of certain  conditions,  the
greater of the  preceding  amount and the amount such holder  would  receive had
such holder  converted the Debenture and sold the underlying  shares at the then
current  market price.  The  Debentures  are secured by a  subordinated  lien on
certain of our accounts receivable and related assets.

         We have agreed to file with the SEC a  registration  statement  for the
resale of the restricted  shares of our Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
the Secured Convertible Debentures and exercise of the Warrants.

         T. R. Winston & Company acted as placement agent in the financing.  For
its services,  we paid the placement agent an aggregate of $600,000 in cash, and
issued to them five-year warrants to purchase up to 200,000 shares of our common
stock at an exercise price of $2.50 per share.

         Each of the  investors  in the  financing  and T. R.  Winston & Company
represented  to us that  such  party was an  "accredited  investor"  within  the
meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D under the  Securities  Act of 1933, and that
such investor was receiving the  securities for investment and not in connection
with a  distribution  thereof.  The  issuance and sale of these  securities  was
exempt  from  the  registration  and  prospectus  delivery  requirements  of the
Securities  Act  pursuant  to Section  4(2) of the  Securities  Act and Rule 506
thereunder as a transaction not involving any public offering.


                                       2
<PAGE>


ITEM 9.01.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

         (a)      Financial Statements of business acquired.

                  Not applicable.

         (b)      Pro Forma Financial Information.

                  Not applicable.

         (c)      Exhibits.

                  The following exhibits are filed herewith:

                  EXHIBIT
                  NUMBER   DESCRIPTION
                  -------  -----------

                  10.1     Registration  Rights  Agreement  dated  December  14,
                           2004,  by and between  Tarrant  Apparel Group and the
                           investors listed on the signature pages thereto.

                  10.2     Security  Agreement  dated  December 14, 2004, by and
                           between  Tarrant  Apparel  Group  and  the  investors
                           listed on the signature pages thereto.

                  10.3     Intercreditor  Agreement  dated December 14, 2004, by
                           and between  Tarrant  Apparel Group,  GMAC Commercial
                           Finance  LLC,  UPS  Capital   Global  Trade   Finance
                           Corporation and T.R. Winston & Company, LLC.

                  10.4     Common  Stock  Purchase  Warrant  dated  December 14,
                           2004,  issued by  Tarrant  Apparel  Group in favor of
                           T.R. Winston & Company, LLC.

                  10.5     Form of 6% Secured Convertible Debenture.

                  10.6     Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant.


                                       3
<PAGE>


                                    SIGNATURE

         Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,
the  Registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


                                     TARRANT APPAREL GROUP

Date:  December 17, 2004             By:  /s/ Corazon Reyes
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Corazon Reyes, Chief Financial Officer


                                       4
<PAGE>


                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

EXHIBIT
NUMBER         DESCRIPTION
- -------        -----------

10.1           Registration  Rights  Agreement  dated  December 14, 2004, by and
               between  Tarrant  Apparel Group and the  investors  listed on the
               signature pages thereto.

10.2           Security  Agreement  dated  December  14,  2004,  by and  between
               Tarrant  Apparel Group and the investors  listed on the signature
               pages thereto.

10.3           Intercreditor  Agreement  dated December 14, 2004, by and between
               Tarrant Apparel Group,  GMAC Commercial  Finance LLC, UPS Capital
               Global Trade Finance Corporation and T.R. Winston & Company, LLC.

10.4           Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated December 14, 2004,  issued by
               Tarrant Apparel Group in favor of T.R. Winston & Company, LLC.

10.5           Form of 6% Secured Convertible Debenture.

10.6           Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant.


                                       5

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1a.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.1

                          REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

         This  Registration  Rights  Agreement  (this  "AGREEMENT")  is made and
entered into as of December 14, 2004,  among Tarrant Apparel Group, a California
corporation  (the  "COMPANY"),  and the purchasers  signatory  hereto (each such
purchaser  is a  "PURCHASER"  and all such  purchasers  are,  collectively,  the
"PURCHASERS").

         This Agreement is made pursuant to the Securities  Purchase  Agreement,
dated as of the date hereof among the Company and the Purchasers  (the "PURCHASE
AGREEMENT").

         The Company and the Purchasers hereby agree as follows:

         1.       DEFINITIONS

         CAPITALIZED  TERMS  USED  AND NOT  OTHERWISE  DEFINED  HEREIN  THAT ARE
DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE  AGREEMENT  SHALL HAVE THE MEANINGS  GIVEN SUCH TERMS IN
THE PURCHASE  AGREEMENT.  As used in this  Agreement,  the following terms shall
have the following meanings:

                  "ADVICE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d).

                  "EFFECTIVENESS  DATE"  means,  with  respect  to  the  initial
         Registration  Statement  required  to be  filed  hereunder,  the  120th
         calendar  day  following  the date  hereof  and,  with  respect  to any
         additional  Registration  Statements which may be required  pursuant to
         Section  3(c),  the 120th  calendar day following the date on which the
         Company  first  knows,  or  reasonably  should  have  known,  that such
         additional  Registration  Statement  is required  hereunder;  PROVIDED,
         HOWEVER,  if the  Registration  Statement  is  subject to review by the
         Commission  and the  Company is unable  using  commercially  reasonable
         efforts  to  comply  with  Rule   3-12(b)  of   Regulation   S-X,   the
         Effectiveness  Date shall be the date ten (10) business days  following
         the date the Company  files its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
         ending  December 31, 2004, but no later than April 14, 2005;  PROVIDED,
         FURTHER,  in the event the Company is notified by the  Commission  that
         one of the above Registration  Statements will not be reviewed or is no
         longer subject to further review and comments,  the Effectiveness  Date
         as to such  Registration  Statement  shall  be the  fifth  Trading  Day
         following  the date on which the  Company is so  notified  if such date
         precedes the dates required above.

                  "EFFECTIVENESS  PERIOD"  shall have the  meaning  set forth in
         Section 2(a).

                  "EVENT" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

                  "EVENT DATE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

                  "FILING DATE" means, with respect to the initial  Registration
         Statement required hereunder,  the 30th calendar day following the date
         hereof and,  with  respect to any


                                       1
<PAGE>

         additional  Registration  Statements which may be required  pursuant to
         Section  3(c),  the 30th day  following  the date on which the  Company
         first  knows,  or  reasonably  should  have known that such  additional
         Registration Statement is required hereunder.

                  "HOLDER" or "HOLDERS" means the holder or holders, as the case
         may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities.

                  "INDEMNIFIED  PARTY"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth in
         Section 5(c).

                  "INDEMNIFYING  PARTY"  shall  have the  meaning  set  forth in
         Section 5(c).

                  "LOSSES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

                  "PLAN OF  DISTRIBUTION"  shall have the  meaning  set forth in
         Section 2(a).

                  "PROCEEDING" means an action,  claim,  suit,  investigation or
         proceeding (including,  without limitation, an investigation or partial
         proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

                  "PROSPECTUS"  means the prospectus  included in a Registration
         Statement  (including,  without limitation,  a prospectus that includes
         any information  previously  omitted from a prospectus filed as part of
         an  effective   registration  statement  in  reliance  upon  Rule  430A
         promulgated  under the Securities  Act), as amended or  supplemented by
         any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of
         any portion of the  Registrable  Securities  covered by a  Registration
         Statement,  and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus,
         including post-effective  amendments,  and all material incorporated by
         reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.

                  "REGISTRABLE SECURITIES" means (i) all of the shares of Common
         Stock  issuable  upon  conversion in full of the  Debentures,  (ii) all
         shares issuable as interest on the Debentures  assuming all permissible
         interest payments are made in shares of Common Stock and the Debentures
         are held until maturity,  (iii) all Warrant Shares, (iv) any securities
         issued or issuable upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution
         recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing and (v)
         any additional  shares  issuable in connection  with any  anti-dilution
         provisions in the Debentures or the Warrants.

                  "REGISTRATION  STATEMENT"  means the  registration  statements
         required  to  be  filed  hereunder  and  any  additional   registration
         statements  contemplated by Section 3(c),  including (in each case) the
         Prospectus,  amendments and supplements to such registration  statement
         or  Prospectus,  including  pre-  and  post-effective  amendments,  all
         exhibits thereto, and all material  incorporated by reference or deemed
         to be incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

                   "RULE  415"  means  Rule 415  promulgated  by the  Commission
         pursuant to the  Securities  Act, as such Rule may be amended from time
         to time,  or any similar rule or


                                       2
<PAGE>


         regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the
         same purpose and effect as such Rule.

                  "RULE  424"  means  Rule  424  promulgated  by the  Commission
         pursuant to the  Securities  Act, as such Rule may be amended from time
         to time,  or any similar rule or  regulation  hereafter  adopted by the
         Commission  having  substantially  the same  purpose and effect as such
         Rule.

                  "SELLING SHAREHOLDER QUESTIONNAIRE" shall have the meaning set
         forth in Section 3(a).

         2.       SHELF REGISTRATION

         (a) On or prior to each Filing Date, the Company shall prepare and file
with the Commission a "Shelf" Registration Statement covering the resale of 125%
of the portion of Registrable Securities included in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii)
of the definition thereof,  calculated as of such Filing Date for an offering to
be made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415. The  Registration  Statement
shall be on Form S-3 (except if the Company is not then eligible to register for
resale the Registrable  Securities on Form S-3, in which case such  registration
shall be on another  appropriate form in accordance  herewith) and shall contain
(unless  otherwise   directed  by  the  Holders)   substantially  the  "PLAN  OF
DISTRIBUTION"  attached  hereto  as  ANNEX  A.  Subject  to the  terms  of  this
Agreement,  the  Company  shall use its best  efforts to cause the  Registration
Statement  to be  declared  effective  under the  Securities  Act as promptly as
possible  after the filing  thereof,  but in any event  prior to the  applicable
Effectiveness  Date,  and shall use its best  efforts to keep such  Registration
Statement  continuously effective under the Securities Act until all Registrable
Securities covered by such Registration  Statement have been sold or may be sold
without volume restrictions pursuant to Rule 144(k) as determined by the counsel
to the Company  pursuant to a written  opinion letter to such effect,  addressed
and  acceptable to the Company's  transfer  agent and the affected  Holders (the
"EFFECTIVENESS  PERIOD").  The Company shall immediately  notify the Holders via
facsimile or email of the  effectiveness  of the  Registration  Statement on the
same day that the Company receives  notification of the  effectiveness  from the
Commission.  Failure to so notify  the  Holder by 9:00 p.m.  EST on the same day
that the  Company  receives  such  notification  shall be deemed an Event  under
Section 2(b).

         (b) If: (i) a  Registration  Statement  is not filed on or prior to its
Filing Date (if the Company files a Registration Statement without affording the
Holders the opportunity to review and comment on the same as required by Section
3(a),  the Company  shall not be deemed to have  satisfied  this clause (i)), or
(ii) the Company fails to file with the Commission a request for acceleration in
accordance with Rule 461 promulgated  under the Securities Act, within 5 Trading
Days of the date that the Company is notified  (orally or in writing,  whichever
is  earlier)  by  the  Commission  that a  Registration  Statement  will  not be
"reviewed,"  or  not  subject  to  further   review,   or  (iii)  prior  to  its
Effectiveness  Date,  the Company  fails to file a  pre-effective  amendment and
otherwise  respond in writing to comments  made by the  Commission in respect of
such  Registration  Statement  within 25  calendar  days  after the  receipt  of
comments by or notice from the  Commission  that such  amendment  is required in
order for a Registration


                                       3
<PAGE>


Statement to be declared  effective,  or (iv) a Registration  Statement filed or
required to be filed  hereunder is not declared  effective by the  Commission by
its  Effectiveness  Date, or (v) after the  Effectiveness  Date, a  Registration
Statement  ceases  for any  reason to remain  continuously  effective  as to all
Registrable Securities for which it is required to be effective,  or the Holders
are not permitted to utilize the Prospectus  therein to resell such  Registrable
Securities for 10  consecutive  Trading Days but no more than an aggregate of 15
Trading Days during any 12-month  period (which need not be consecutive  Trading
Days) (any such  failure or breach  being  referred  to as an  "EVENT",  and for
purposes  of clause  (i) or (iv) the date on which  such  Event  occurs,  or for
purposes of clause (ii) the date on which such 5 Trading Day period is exceeded,
or for  purposes of clause  (iii) the date which such 25 calendar  day period is
exceeded,  or for purposes of clause (v) the date on which such 10 or 15 Trading
Day period, as applicable,  is exceeded being referred to as "EVENT Date"), then
in  addition  to any  other  rights  the  Holders  may have  hereunder  or under
applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly  anniversary of each
such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall not have been cured by such date)
until the  applicable  Event is cured,  the Company  shall pay to each Holder an
amount in cash,  as partial  liquidated  damages and not as a penalty,  equal to
1.0%  of the  aggregate  purchase  price  paid by such  Holder  pursuant  to the
Purchase  Agreement for any Registrable  Securities then held by such Holder. If
the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated damages pursuant to this Section
in full within seven days after the date payable,  the Company will pay interest
thereon  at a rate of 15% per  annum  (or such  lesser  maximum  amount  that is
permitted to be paid by applicable  law) to the Holder,  accruing daily from the
date such partial liquidated  damages are due until such amounts,  plus all such
interest thereon,  are paid in full. The partial  liquidated damages pursuant to
the terms  hereof  shall  apply on a daily  pro-rata  basis for any portion of a
month prior to the cure of an Event.

         3.       REGISTRATION PROCEDURES

         In connection with the Company's  registration  obligations  hereunder,
the Company shall:

         (a) Not less  than  three  Trading  Days  prior to the  filing  of each
Registration  Statement or any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement
thereto,  the  Company  shall,  (i)  furnish to each  Holder  copies of all such
documents  proposed to be filed,  which documents (other than those incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated by reference) will be subject to the review of such
Holders,  and (ii) cause its officers  and  directors,  counsel and  independent
certified public accountants to respond to such inquiries as shall be necessary,
in the  reasonable  opinion  of  respective  counsel  to  conduct  a  reasonable
investigation  within the meaning of the  Securities  Act. The Company shall not
file the  Registration  Statement or any such  Prospectus  or any  amendments or
supplements  thereto  to which the  Holders  of a  majority  of the  Registrable
Securities shall reasonably object in good faith,  provided that, the Company is
notified  of such  objection  in writing no later than 2 Trading  Days after the
Holders have been so furnished  copies of such documents.  Each Holder agrees to
furnish to the Company a completed  Questionnaire  in the form  attached to this
Agreement as Annex B (a "SELLING SHAREHOLDER  QUESTIONNAIRE")  concurrently with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement.


                                       4
<PAGE>


         (b) (i) Prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including
post-effective  amendments,  to a Registration Statement and the Prospectus used
in  connection  therewith as may be necessary to keep a  Registration  Statement
continuously  effective  as to the  applicable  Registrable  Securities  for the
Effectiveness  Period and prepare and file with the Commission  such  additional
Registration Statements in order to register for resale under the Securities Act
all of the  Registrable  Securities;  (ii) cause the  related  Prospectus  to be
amended or supplemented by any required  Prospectus  supplement  (subject to the
terms of this Agreement), and as so supplemented or amended to be filed pursuant
to Rule 424;  (iii) respond as promptly as  reasonably  possible to any comments
received from the  Commission  with respect to a  Registration  Statement or any
amendment thereto and as promptly as reasonably possible, upon request,  provide
the  Holders  true and  complete  copies of all  correspondence  from and to the
Commission relating to a Registration Statement; and (iv) comply in all material
respects  with the  provisions of the  Securities  Act and the Exchange Act with
respect  to  the  disposition  of  all  Registrable   Securities  covered  by  a
Registration  Statement during the applicable  period in accordance  (subject to
the terms of this  Agreement)  with the intended  methods of  disposition by the
Holders  thereof set forth in such  Registration  Statement  as so amended or in
such Prospectus as so supplemented.

         (c) If during  the  Effectiveness  Period,  the  number of  Registrable
Securities  at any time exceeds 90% of the number of shares of Common Stock then
registered in a Registration  Statement,  then the Company shall file as soon as
reasonably  practicable but in any case prior to the applicable  Filing Date, an
additional Registration Statement covering the resale by the Holders of not less
than 125% of the number of such Registrable Securities.

         (d) Notify the  Holders of  Registrable  Securities  to be sold  (which
notice shall, pursuant to clauses (ii) through (vi) hereof, be accompanied by an
instruction  to suspend the use of the  Prospectus  until the requisite  changes
have been made) as promptly as reasonably possible following the day (i)(A) when
a Prospectus  or any  Prospectus  supplement  or  post-effective  amendment to a
Registration Statement is proposed to be filed; (B) when the Commission notifies
the Company whether there will be a "review" of such Registration  Statement and
whenever the Commission comments in writing on such Registration  Statement (the
Company  shall upon request  provide true and  complete  copies  thereof and all
written  responses  thereto to each of the  Holders);  and (C) with respect to a
Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become
effective;  (ii) of any request by the  Commission or any other Federal or state
governmental authority for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement
or  Prospectus  or for  additional  information;  (iii) of the  issuance  by the
Commission  or any other  federal or state  governmental  authority  of any stop
order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration  Statement  covering any or
all of the Registrable  Securities or the initiation of any Proceedings for that
purpose;  (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to
the suspension of the  qualification  or exemption from  qualification of any of
the Registrable  Securities for sale in any  jurisdiction,  or the initiation or
threatening  of any  Proceeding  for such purpose;  (v) of the occurrence of any
event or passage  of time that  makes the  financial  statements  included  in a
Registration Statement ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement made in
a Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to
be  incorporated  therein by reference  untrue in any  material  respect or that
requires  any  revisions  to  a  Registration  Statement,  Prospectus  or  other
documents so that, in the case of a


                                       5
<PAGE>


Registration  Statement  or the  Prospectus,  as the  case  may be,  it will not
contain any untrue  statement  of a material  fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements  therein,
in light of the  circumstances  under which they were made, not misleading;  and
(vi) the  occurrence  or existence  of any pending  corporate  development  with
respect to the Company that the Company  believes  may be material and that,  in
the  determination  of the  Company,  makes it not in the best  interest  of the
Company  to  allow  continued  availability  of the  Registration  Statement  or
Prospectus;  provided  that  any  and  all  of  such  information  shall  remain
confidential  to each Holder until such  information  otherwise  becomes public,
unless  disclosure  by  a  Holder  is  required  by  law;   PROVIDED,   FURTHER,
notwithstanding  each Holder's agreement to keep such information  confidential,
the Holders  make no  acknowledgement  that any such  information  is  material,
non-public information.

         (e) Use its best  efforts  to avoid the  issuance  of,  or, if  issued,
obtain  the  withdrawal  of (i) any  order  suspending  the  effectiveness  of a
Registration  Statement,  or  (ii)  any  suspension  of  the  qualification  (or
exemption from  qualification) of any of the Registrable  Securities for sale in
any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment.

         (f) Furnish to each Holder,  without charge, to the extent requested by
such Holder, at least one conformed copy of each such Registration Statement and
each amendment  thereto,  including  financial  statements  and  schedules,  all
documents  incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference to the
extent  requested  by such Person,  and all exhibits to the extent  requested by
such Person (including those previously furnished or incorporated by reference).

         (g) Promptly deliver to each Holder,  without charge, as many copies of
the Prospectus or  Prospectuses  (including  each form of  prospectus)  and each
amendment  or  supplement  thereto as such  Persons  may  reasonably  request in
connection with resales by the Holder of Registrable Securities.  Subject to the
terms  of  this  Agreement,  the  Company  hereby  consents  to the  use of such
Prospectus  and each  amendment  or  supplement  thereto by each of the  selling
Holders in connection with the offering and sale of the  Registrable  Securities
covered by such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, except after
the giving on any notice pursuant to Section 3(d).

         (h) Prior to any resale of Registrable  Securities by a Holder, use its
commercially  reasonable  efforts to register or qualify or  cooperate  with the
selling  Holders  in  connection  with the  registration  or  qualification  (or
exemption from the Registration or qualification) of such Registrable Securities
for the  resale  by the  Holder  under the  securities  or Blue Sky laws of such
jurisdictions  within the United  States as any Holder  reasonably  requests  in
writing,  to keep each  registration or qualification  (or exemption  therefrom)
effective  during the  Effectiveness  Period and to do any and all other acts or
things reasonably  necessary to enable the disposition in such  jurisdictions of
the Registrable  Securities  covered by each Registration  Statement;  provided,
that the Company  shall not be required to qualify  generally  to do business in
any jurisdiction  where it is not then so qualified,  subject the Company to any
material tax in any such jurisdiction  where it is not then so subject or file a
general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction.


                                       6
<PAGE>


         (i)  If  requested  by the  Holders,  cooperate  with  the  Holders  to
facilitate  the timely  preparation  and delivery of  certificates  representing
Registrable   Securities  to  be  delivered  to  a  transferee   pursuant  to  a
Registration  Statement,  which  certificates  shall  be  free,  to  the  extent
permitted by the Purchase Agreement,  of all restrictive  legends, and to enable
such Registrable  Securities to be in such  denominations and registered in such
names as any such Holders may request.

         (j) Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by this Section 3, as
promptly as reasonably possible under the circumstances  taking into account the
Company's good faith  assessment of any adverse  consequences to the Company and
its stockholders of the premature disclosure of such event, prepare a supplement
or amendment,  including a post-effective amendment, to a Registration Statement
or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed
to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document so
that,  as  thereafter  delivered,  neither  a  Registration  Statement  nor such
Prospectus will contain an untrue  statement of a material fact or omit to state
a  material  fact  required  to be  stated  therein  or  necessary  to make  the
statements  therein,  in light of the circumstances  under which they were made,
not misleading.  If the Company  notifies the Holders in accordance with clauses
(ii)  through  (v) of Section  3(d) above to suspend  the use of any  Prospectus
until the requisite  changes to such Prospectus have been made, then the Holders
shall suspend use of such  Prospectus.  The Company will use its best efforts to
ensure  that  the  use of  the  Prospectus  may be  resumed  as  promptly  as is
practicable.  The Company  shall be  entitled  to exercise  its right under this
Section  3(j) to  suspend  the  availability  of a  Registration  Statement  and
Prospectus,  subject to the payment of partial  liquidated  damages  pursuant to
Section 2(b),  for a period not to exceed 60 days (which need not be consecutive
days) in any 12 month period.

         (k) Comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission.

         (l) The  Company  may  require  each  selling  Holder to furnish to the
Company a  certified  statement  as to the  number  of  shares  of Common  Stock
beneficially  owned by such  Holder and the person  thereof  that has voting and
dispositive control over the Registrable Securities. During any periods that the
Company  is  unable  to meet  its  obligations  hereunder  with  respect  to the
registration  of the Registrable  Securities  solely because any Holder fails to
furnish such information within three Trading Days of the Company's request, any
liquidated  damages  that are accruing at such time as to such Holder only shall
be tolled and any Event that may  otherwise  occur solely  because of such delay
shall be suspended as to such Holder only,  until such  information is delivered
to the Company.

         4.       REGISTRATION  EXPENSES.  All fees and expenses incident to the
performance  of or compliance  with this Agreement by the Company shall be borne
by the Company  whether or not any  Registrable  Securities are sold pursuant to
the Registration  Statement.  The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing
sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees
(including,  without  limitation,  fees and expenses (A) with respect to filings
required  to be made with the Trading  Market on which the Common  Stock is then
listed for trading,  (B) in compliance with applicable  state securities or Blue
Sky laws  reasonably  agreed to by the  Company in writing  (including,  without
limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the


                                       7
<PAGE>


Company  in  connection  with  Blue  Sky  qualifications  or  exemptions  of the
Registrable  Securities and  determination of the eligibility of the Registrable
Securities for investment  under the laws of such  jurisdictions as requested by
the  Holders) and (C) with respect to any filing that may be required to be made
by any  broker  through  which a Holder  intends  to make  sales of  Registrable
Securities with NASD Regulation, Inc. pursuant to the NASD Rule 2710, so long as
the  broker  is  receiving  no more than a  customary  brokerage  commission  in
connection  with  such  sale,  (ii)  printing   expenses   (including,   without
limitation,  expenses of printing certificates for Registrable Securities and of
printing prospectuses if the printing of prospectuses is reasonably requested by
the  holders  of  a  majority  of  the  Registrable  Securities  included  in  a
Registration Statement), (iii) messenger,  telephone and delivery expenses, (iv)
fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company,  (v) Securities Act liability
insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance,  and (vi) fees and expenses
of all other Persons retained by the Company in connection with the consummation
of the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement.  In addition,  the Company
shall be  responsible  for all of its internal  expenses  incurred in connection
with  the  consummation  of the  transactions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement
(including,  without  limitation,  all salaries and expenses of its officers and
employees  performing  legal or  accounting  duties),  the expense of any annual
audit and the fees and expenses  incurred in connection  with the listing of the
Registrable  Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder.  In no
event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions or,
except to the extent provided for in the Transaction  Documents,  any legal fees
or other costs of the Holders.

         5.       INDEMNIFICATION

         (a) INDEMNIFICATION BY THE COMPANY. The Company shall,  notwithstanding
any termination of this Agreement,  indemnify and hold harmless each Holder, the
officers,  directors,  agents and  employees  of each of them,  each  Person who
controls any such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act
or Section  20 of the  Exchange  Act) and the  officers,  directors,  agents and
employees of each such  controlling  Person,  to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable  law,  from  and  against  any  and  all  losses,  claims,   damages,
liabilities, costs (including,  without limitation,  reasonable attorneys' fees)
and expenses (collectively,  "LOSSES"), as incurred,  arising out of or relating
to any untrue or alleged  untrue  statement  of a material  fact  contained in a
Registration  Statement,  any  Prospectus  or any form of  prospectus  or in any
amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out
of or relating to any omission or alleged  omission of a material  fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of
any  Prospectus or form of prospectus  or  supplement  thereto,  in light of the
circumstances under which they were made) not misleading,  except to the extent,
but only to the extent,  that (i) such untrue  statements or omissions are based
solely  upon  information  regarding  such  Holder  furnished  in writing to the
Company by such Holder  expressly  for use  therein,  or to the extent that such
information  relates  to  such  Holder  or  such  Holder's  proposed  method  of
distribution of Registrable  Securities and was reviewed and expressly  approved
in writing by such Holder  expressly for use in a Registration  Statement,  such
Prospectus or such form of Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement  thereto
(it being  understood  that the  Holder  has  approved  Annex A hereto  for this
purpose) or (ii) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type  specified
in Section  3(d)(ii)-(vi),  the use by such Holder of an  outdated or  defective
Prospectus  after the  Company  has  notified  such  Holder in writing  that the
Prospectus  is outdated or defective  and prior to the receipt by such Holder of
the Advice


                                       8
<PAGE>


contemplated  in Section 6(d). The Company shall notify the Holders  promptly of
the  institution,  threat or  assertion  of any  Proceeding  arising  from or in
connection  with the  transactions  contemplated  by this Agreement of which the
Company is aware.

         (b)  INDEMNIFICATION BY HOLDERS.  Each Holder shall,  severally and not
jointly,  indemnify  and hold  harmless the Company,  its  directors,  officers,
agents and employees,  each Person who controls the Company  (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the
directors,  officers,  agents or employees of such controlling  Persons,  to the
fullest  extent  permitted by applicable  law,  from and against all Losses,  as
incurred,  to the extent  arising out of or based solely upon: (x) such Holder's
failure to comply with the prospectus  delivery  requirements  of the Securities
Act or (y) any untrue or alleged  untrue  statement of a material fact contained
in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus,  or any form of prospectus, or in
any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising
out of or  relating  to any  omission  or alleged  omission  of a material  fact
required to be stated  therein or necessary to make the  statements  therein not
misleading (i) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement
or omission is  contained  in any  information  so  furnished in writing by such
Holder to the Company specifically for inclusion in such Registration  Statement
or such  Prospectus  or (ii) to the extent  that (1) such untrue  statements  or
omissions are based solely upon  information  regarding such Holder furnished in
writing to the  Company by such  Holder  expressly  for use  therein,  or to the
extent that such  information  relates to such Holder or such Holder's  proposed
method of distribution of Registrable  Securities and was reviewed and expressly
approved  in  writing  by such  Holder  expressly  for  use in the  Registration
Statement (it being  understood  that the Holder has approved Annex A hereto for
this purpose), such Prospectus or such form of Prospectus or in any amendment or
supplement  thereto or (2) in the case of an  occurrence of an event of the type
specified  in Section  3(d)(ii)-(vi),  the use by such  Holder of an outdated or
defective  Prospectus after the Company has notified such Holder in writing that
the  Prospectus is outdated or defective and prior to the receipt by such Holder
of the Advice  contemplated  in Section 6(d). In no event shall the liability of
any selling Holder  hereunder be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the
net proceeds received by such Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities
giving rise to such indemnification obligation.

         (c) CONDUCT OF INDEMNIFICATION  PROCEEDINGS. If any Proceeding shall be
brought or asserted  against  any Person  entitled to  indemnity  hereunder  (an
"INDEMNIFIED  PARTY"),  such Indemnified  Party shall promptly notify the Person
from whom  indemnity is sought (the  "INDEMNIFYING  PARTY") in writing,  and the
Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense thereof, including
the employment of counsel  reasonably  satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and
the  payment  of all fees and  expenses  incurred  in  connection  with  defense
thereof; provided, that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice
shall not relieve  the  Indemnifying  Party of its  obligations  or  liabilities
pursuant  to this  Agreement,  except  (and only) to the extent that it shall be
finally determined by a court of competent  jurisdiction (which determination is
not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure shall have prejudiced
the Indemnifying Party.

         An Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in
any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof,  but the fees and
expenses of such counsel


                                       9
<PAGE>


shall be at the expense of such  Indemnified  Party or Parties  unless:  (1) the
Indemnifying Party has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses;  (2) the
Indemnifying  Party  shall have  failed  promptly  to assume the defense of such
Proceeding and to employ counsel  reasonably  satisfactory  to such  Indemnified
Party in any such  Proceeding;  or (3) the named parties to any such  Proceeding
(including any impleaded  parties) include both such  Indemnified  Party and the
Indemnifying  Party, and such Indemnified Party shall reasonably  believe that a
material  conflict of interest  is likely to exist if the same  counsel  were to
represent such Indemnified  Party and the Indemnifying  Party (in which case, if
such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing that it elects
to employ  separate  counsel  at the  expense  of the  Indemnifying  Party,  the
Indemnifying  Party shall not have the right to assume the  defense  thereof and
the reasonable fees and expenses of one separate counsel shall be at the expense
of the Indemnifying  Party).  The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any
settlement of any such Proceeding  effected without its written  consent,  which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. No Indemnifying Party shall, without
the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, effect any settlement of any
pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is a party,  unless
such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from
all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding.

         Subject  to the  terms  of this  Agreement,  all  reasonable  fees  and
expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses to the
extent  incurred in connection  with  investigating  or preparing to defend such
Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent  with this Section) shall be paid to the
Indemnified  Party,  as  incurred,  within ten  Trading  Days of written  notice
thereof to the Indemnifying  Party;  provided,  that the Indemnified Party shall
promptly  reimburse  the  Indemnifying  Party for that  portion of such fees and
expenses  applicable  to such  actions for which such  Indemnified  Party is not
entitled to indemnification hereunder, determined based upon the relative faults
of the parties.

         (d) CONTRIBUTION.  If a claim for indemnification under Section 5(a) or
5(b) is  unavailable  to an  Indemnified  Party (by  reason of public  policy or
otherwise),   then  each  Indemnifying  Party,  in  lieu  of  indemnifying  such
Indemnified  Party,  shall  contribute  to the  amount  paid or  payable by such
Indemnified  Party  as a  result  of  such  Losses,  in  such  proportion  as is
appropriate  to  reflect  the  relative  fault  of the  Indemnifying  Party  and
Indemnified  Party in connection with the actions,  statements or omissions that
resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable  considerations.
The relative fault of such  Indemnifying  Party and  Indemnified  Party shall be
determined by reference to, among other things,  whether any action in question,
including any untrue or alleged untrue  statement of a material fact or omission
or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to
information  supplied by, such Indemnifying  Party or Indemnified Party, and the
parties'  relative intent,  knowledge,  access to information and opportunity to
correct or prevent  such  action,  statement  or  omission.  The amount  paid or
payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject
to the  limitations set forth in this  Agreement,  any reasonable  attorneys' or
other reasonable fees or expenses  incurred by such party in connection with any
Proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or
expenses if the  indemnification  provided for in this Section was  available to
such party in accordance with its terms.


                                       10
<PAGE>


         The parties  hereto  agree that it would not be just and  equitable  if
contribution  pursuant  to  this  Section  5(d)  were  determined  by  pro  rata
allocation or by any other method of allocation  that does not take into account
the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5(d), no Holder shall be required
to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the
proceeds  actually  received  by such  Holder  from the sale of the  Registrable
Securities subject to the Proceeding exceeds the amount of any damages that such
Holder has  otherwise  been  required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged
untrue statement or omission or alleged omission, except in the case of fraud by
such Holder.

         The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section are
in  addition  to any  liability  that the  Indemnifying  Parties may have to the
Indemnified Parties.

         6.       MISCELLANEOUS

         (a)  REMEDIES.  In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder,
of any of their obligations under this Agreement, each Holder or the Company, as
the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by
law and under this Agreement, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to
specific  performance of its rights under this  Agreement.  The Company and each
Holder agree that monetary damages would not provide  adequate  compensation for
any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions of this
Agreement  and  hereby  further  agrees  that,  in the event of any  action  for
specific  performance in respect of such breach, it shall waive the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

         (b) NO PIGGYBACK ON REGISTRATIONS. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 6(B)
attached hereto, neither the Company nor any of its security holders (other than
the Holders in such  capacity  pursuant  hereto) may include  securities  of the
Company in the Registration Statement other than the Registrable Securities. The
Company  shall  not file any other  registration  statements  until the  initial
Registration   Statement   required  hereunder  is  declared  effective  by  the
Commission,  provided that this Section 6(b) shall not prohibit the Company from
filing amendments to registration statements already filed.

         (c)  COMPLIANCE.  Each Holder  covenants and agrees that it will comply
with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act as applicable to
it  in  connection  with  sales  of  Registrable   Securities  pursuant  to  the
Registration Statement.

         (d) DISCONTINUED DISPOSITION.  Each Holder agrees by its acquisition of
such  Registrable  Securities that, upon receipt of a notice from the Company of
the occurrence of any event of the kind  described in Section 3(d),  such Holder
will forthwith  discontinue  disposition of such Registrable  Securities under a
Registration  Statement  until  such  Holder's  receipt  of  the  copies  of the
supplemented  Prospectus and/or amended Registration  Statement,  or until it is
advised in writing (the  "ADVICE") by the Company that the use of the applicable
Prospectus  may be resumed,  and, in either  case,  has  received  copies of any
additional  or  supplemental  filings  that are  incorporated  or  deemed  to be
incorporated  by reference in such  Prospectus or  Registration  Statement.  The
Company will use its best efforts to ensure that the use of the  Prospectus  may
be


                                       11
<PAGE>


resumed as promptly as it practicable.  The Company agrees and acknowledges that
any periods during which the Holder is required to discontinue  the  disposition
of the  Registrable  Securities  hereunder shall be subject to the provisions of
Section 2(b).

         (e) PIGGY-BACK  REGISTRATIONS.  If at any time during the Effectiveness
Period  there is not an  effective  Registration  Statement  covering all of the
Registrable  Securities and the Company shall determine to prepare and file with
the  Commission  a  registration  statement  relating to an offering for its own
account or the account of others under the  Securities  Act of any of its equity
securities,  other than on Form S-4 or Form S-8 (each as  promulgated  under the
Securities Act) or their then  equivalents  relating to equity  securities to be
issued solely in connection  with any  acquisition  of any entity or business or
equity securities issuable in connection with the stock option or other employee
benefit  plans,  then the Company shall send to each Holder a written  notice of
such  determination  and, if within  fifteen days after the date of such notice,
any such Holder shall so request in writing,  the Company  shall include in such
registration  statement  all or any  part of such  Registrable  Securities  such
holder  requests to be  registered;  provided,  that,  the Company  shall not be
required to register any  Registrable  Securities  pursuant to this Section 6(e)
that are  eligible  for resale  pursuant  to Rule 144(k)  promulgated  under the
Securities  Act  or  that  are  the  subject  of a then  effective  Registration
Statement.

         (f) AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS. The provisions of this Agreement, including
the provisions of this sentence,  may not be amended,  modified or supplemented,
and waivers or  consents to  departures  from the  provisions  hereof may not be
given,  unless the same shall be in writing  and signed by the  Company and each
Holder  of the then  outstanding  Registrable  Securities.  Notwithstanding  the
foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with respect
to a matter that relates  exclusively to the rights of Holders and that does not
directly  or  indirectly  affect  the  rights of other  Holders  may be given by
Holders of all of the  Registrable  Securities  to which such  waiver or consent
relates;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that the  provisions  of this sentence may not be
amended,  modified,  or supplemented except in accordance with the provisions of
the immediately preceding sentence.

         (g) NOTICES.  Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
required or permitted to be provided  hereunder  shall be delivered as set forth
in the Purchase Agreement.

         (h) SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.  This Agreement  shall inure to the benefit
of and be  binding  upon the  successors  and  permitted  assigns of each of the
parties  and shall  inure to the  benefit of each  Holder.  The  Company may not
assign its rights or obligations  hereunder without the prior written consent of
all of the Holders of the then-outstanding  Registrable Securities.  Each Holder
may assign their respective rights hereunder in the manner and to the Persons as
permitted under the Purchase Agreement.

         (i) NO  INCONSISTENT  AGREEMENTS.  Neither  the  Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company or any of
its  subsidiaries,  on or  after  the  date of this  Agreement,  enter  into any
agreement  with  respect  to its  securities,  that  would  have the  effect  of
impairing  the rights  granted to the  Holders in this  Agreement  or  otherwise
conflicts  with the  provisions  hereof.  Except as set forth on SCHEDULE  6(i),
neither the Company nor any of


                                       12
<PAGE>


its  subsidiaries  has  previously  entered  into  any  agreement  granting  any
registration  rights with  respect to any of its  securities  to any Person that
have not been  satisfied in full and are not included in an existing,  effective
registration statement.

         (j) EXECUTION AND  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts,  each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an
original  and, all of which taken  together  shall  constitute  one and the same
Agreement.   In  the  event  that  any   signature  is  delivered  by  facsimile
transmission,  such  signature  shall create a valid  binding  obligation of the
party  executing  (or on whose behalf such  signature is executed) the same with
the same  force and  effect as if such  facsimile  signature  were the  original
thereof.

         (k) GOVERNING LAW. All questions concerning the construction, validity,
enforcement  and  interpretation  of this Agreement shall be determined with the
provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

         (l) CUMULATIVE  REMEDIES.  The remedies  provided herein are cumulative
and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

         (m) SEVERABILITY.  If any term,  provision,  covenant or restriction of
this  Agreement  is held by a court of  competent  jurisdiction  to be  invalid,
illegal,  void  or  unenforceable,  the  remainder  of  the  terms,  provisions,
covenants  and  restrictions  set forth  herein  shall  remain in full force and
effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties
hereto  shall use their  commercially  reasonable  efforts to find and employ an
alternative  means to achieve the same or substantially  the same result as that
contemplated  by such term,  provision,  covenant or  restriction.  It is hereby
stipulated  and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have
executed the remaining terms,  provisions,  covenants and  restrictions  without
including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid,  illegal,  void or
unenforceable.

         (n) HEADINGS.  The headings in this  Agreement are for  convenience  of
reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

         (o)  INDEPENDENT  NATURE  OF  HOLDERS'   OBLIGATIONS  AND  RIGHTS.  The
obligations  of each  Holder  hereunder  are  several  and not  joint  with  the
obligations of any other Holder hereunder, and no Holder shall be responsible in
any way for the  performance of the  obligations of any other Holder  hereunder.
Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or document  delivered at any
closing, and no action taken by any Holder pursuant hereto or thereto,  shall be
deemed to  constitute  the Holders as a  partnership,  an  association,  a joint
venture or any other kind of entity,  or create a  presumption  that the Holders
are in any way  acting  in  concert  with  respect  to such  obligations  or the
transactions  contemplated by this  Agreement.  Each Holder shall be entitled to
protect and enforce its rights,  including without limitation the rights arising
out of this Agreement,  and it shall not be necessary for any other Holder to be
joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose.

                              ********************


                                       13
<PAGE>


               IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties have executed this  Registration
Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                        TARRANT APPAREL GROUP


                                        By:  /s/ Corazon Reyes
                                             ------------------------------
                                             Name:  Corazon Reyes
                                             Title: Chief Financial Officer










                       [SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]


                                       14
<PAGE>


        [SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO TAGS Registration RIGHTS AGREEMENT]

Name of Investing Entity:  G. Tyler Runnels or Jasmine Niklas Runnels TTEES The
                           Runnels Family Trust DTD 1-11-2000
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ G. Tyler Runnels
                                                       --------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: G. Tyler Runnels
Title of Authorized Signatory: Trustee


Name of Investing Entity:  High Tide, LLC
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ G. Tyler Runnels
                                                       --------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: G. Tyler Runnels
Title of Authorized Signatory: Manager


Name of Investing Entity:  Bear Stearns Securities Corp. Custodian FBO J. Steven
                           Emerson IRA II
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ J. Steven Emerson
                                                       ---------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: J. Steven Emerson
Title of Authorized Signatory: Sole Ben., Self Directed IRA


Name of Investing Entity:  Bear Stearns Securities Corp. Custodian FBO J. Steven
                           Emerson Roth IRA
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ J. Steven Emerson
                                                       ---------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: J. Steven Emerson
Title of Authorized Signatory: Sole Ben., Self Directed IRA


Name of Investing Entity:  Bristol Investment Fund, Ltd.
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ Paul Kessler
                                                       ----------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: Paul Kessler
Title of Authorized Signatory: Director


Name of Investing Entity:  MM & B Holdings, a California general partnership
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ Bryan Ezralow
                                                       -----------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: Brian Ezralow, TTEE of the Bryan Ezralow 1994
                              Trust
Title of Authorized Signatory: General Partner


Name of Investing Entity:  Freedman Leff Investment Partnership, a CA general
                           partnership


                                       15
<PAGE>


SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/Gary Freedman, Trustee
                                                       -------------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: Gary Freedman, TTEE of the Freedman Family Trust
Title of Authorized Signatory: General Partner


Name of Investing Entity:  Bank Insinger de Beaufort Safe Custody NV
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ David Mun-Gavin
                                                       -------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: David Mun-Gavin
Title of Authorized Signatory: Director of Private Banking


Name of Investing Entity:  JMG Triton Offshore Fund, Ltd.
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ Jonathan Glaser
                                                       -------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: Jonathan Glaser
Title of Authorized Signatory: Member Manager of the Investment Manager


Name of Investing Entity:  JMB Capital Partners
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ Jon Brooks
                                                       --------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: Jon Brooks
Title of Authorized Signatory: General Partner


Name of Investing Entity:  JMG Capital Partners, LP
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ Jonathan Glaser
                                                       -------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: Jonathan Glaser
Title of Authorized Signatory: Member Manager of the GP


                                       16
<PAGE>


                              PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION

         Each Selling  Stockholder  (the "SELLING  STOCKHOLDERS")  of the common
stock ("COMMON  STOCK") of Tarrant Apparel Group, a California  corporation (the
"COMPANY") and any of their pledgees,  assignees and successors-in-interest may,
from  time to time,  sell  any or all of their  shares  of  Common  Stock on the
Trading Market or any other stock exchange,  market or trading facility on which
the shares are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or
negotiated  prices.  A  Selling  Stockholder  may  use  any  one or  more of the
following methods when selling shares:

         o        ordinary brokerage  transactions and transactions in which the
                  broker-dealer solicits purchasers;

         o        block trades in which the  broker-dealer  will attempt to sell
                  the shares as agent but may  position  and resell a portion of
                  the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;

         o        purchases by a  broker-dealer  as principal  and resale by the
                  broker-dealer for its account;

         o        an exchange  distribution  in accordance with the rules of the
                  applicable exchange;

         o        privately negotiated transactions;

         o        settlement  of short sales entered into after the date of this
                  prospectus;

         o        broker-dealers may agree with the Selling Stockholders to sell
                  a specified  number of such shares at a  stipulated  price per
                  share;

         o        a combination of any such methods of sale;

         o        through the writing or  settlement of options or other hedging
                  transactions,   whether   through  an  options   exchange   or
                  otherwise; or

         o        any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law.

         The Selling  Stockholders may also sell shares under Rule 144 under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "SECURITIES ACT"), if available,  rather
than under this prospectus.

         Broker-dealers  engaged by the  Selling  Stockholders  may  arrange for
other  brokers-dealers  to  participate  in sales.  Broker-dealers  may  receive
commissions or discounts from the Selling Stockholders (or, if any broker-dealer
acts as agent for the purchaser of shares,  from the purchaser) in amounts to be
negotiated.  Each  Selling  Stockholder  does not expect these  commissions  and
discounts  relating  to its sales of shares to exceed what is  customary  in the
types of transactions involved.

         In connection  with the sale of our common stock or interests  therein,
the Selling Stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers
or other financial


                                       17
<PAGE>


institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the common stock in the
course of hedging the positions they assume.  The Selling  Stockholders may also
sell shares of our common stock short and deliver these  securities to close out
their short positions, or loan or pledge the common stock to broker-dealers that
in turn may sell these securities.  The Selling Stockholders may also enter into
option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions
or the creation of one or more derivative  securities which require the delivery
to such  broker-dealer or other financial  institution of shares offered by this
prospectus,  which shares such broker-dealer or other financial  institution may
resell pursuant to this  prospectus (as  supplemented or amended to reflect such
transaction).

         The  Selling  Stockholders  and any  broker-dealers  or agents that are
involved  in selling  the shares may be deemed to be  "underwriters"  within the
meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event,  any
commissions  received  by such  broker-dealers  or agents  and any profit on the
resale  of the  shares  purchased  by  them  may be  deemed  to be  underwriting
commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. Each Selling  Stockholder has
informed  the  Company  that it does not have any  agreement  or  understanding,
directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Common Stock.

         The Company is required to pay certain  fees and  expenses  incurred by
the Company incident to the  registration of the shares.  The Company has agreed
to indemnify the Selling  Stockholders against certain losses,  claims,  damages
and liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.

         Because Selling Stockholders may be deemed to be "underwriters"  within
the  meaning of the  Securities  Act,  they will be  subject  to the  prospectus
delivery requirements of the Securities Act. In addition, any securities covered
by this  prospectus  which  qualify  for sale  pursuant  to Rule 144  under  the
Securities  Act may be sold under Rule 144  rather  than under this  prospectus.
Each  Selling  Stockholder  has advised us that they have not  entered  into any
agreements, understandings or arrangements with any underwriter or broker-dealer
regarding the sale of the resale shares. There is no underwriter or coordinating
broker acting in  connection  with the proposed sale of the resale shares by the
Selling Stockholders.

         We agreed to keep this  prospectus  effective  until the earlier of (i)
the date on which the shares may be resold by the Selling  Stockholders  without
registration  and  without  regard to any volume  limitations  by reason of Rule
144(e) under the  Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect or (ii) all
of the shares have been sold  pursuant to the  prospectus  or Rule 144 under the
Securities  Act or any other rule of similar  effect.  The resale shares will be
sold only through  registered or licensed  brokers or dealers if required  under
applicable  state securities  laws. In addition,  in certain states,  the resale
shares may not be sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale in
the applicable  state or an exemption  from the  registration  or  qualification
requirement is available and is complied with.

         Under  applicable  rules and  regulations  under the Exchange  Act, any
person engaged in the  distribution of the resale shares may not  simultaneously
engage in market making activities with respect to our common stock for a period
of two business days prior to the commencement of the distribution. In addition,
the  Selling  Stockholders  will be  subject  to  applicable  provisions  of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations  thereunder,  including Regulation M,
which may limit the timing of purchases  and sales of shares of our common stock
by the Selling  Stockholders  or any other  person.  We will make copies of this
prospectus  available to the Selling  Stockholders and have informed them of the
need to deliver a copy of this  prospectus to each  purchaser at or prior to the
time of the sale.


                                       18
<PAGE>


                                                                         ANNEX B

                              TARRANT APPAREL GROUP

                 SELLING SECURITYHOLDER NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE

         The  undersigned  beneficial  owner of common  stock,  no par value per
share (the "COMMON STOCK"),  of Tarrant Apparel Group, a California  corporation
(the "COMPANY"), (the "REGISTRABLE SECURITIES") understands that the Company has
filed or  intends  to file with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  (the
"COMMISSION")   a  registration   statement  on  Form  S-3  (the   "REGISTRATION
STATEMENT") for the registration and resale under Rule 415 of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the "SECURITIES  ACT"), of the Registrable  Securities,  in
accordance  with the terms of the  Registration  Rights  Agreement,  dated as of
December 14, 2004 (the "REGISTRATION  RIGHTS AGREEMENT"),  among the Company and
the Purchasers  named therein.  A copy of the  Registration  Rights Agreement is
available  from the Company  upon  request at the address set forth  below.  All
capitalized  terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed
thereto in the Registration Rights Agreement.

         Certain  legal  consequences  arise  from  being  named  as  a  selling
securityholder  in  the  Registration  Statement  and  the  related  prospectus.
Accordingly, holders and beneficial owners of Registrable Securities are advised
to consult their own securities law counsel  regarding the consequences of being
named  or not  being  named  as a  selling  securityholder  in the  Registration
Statement and the related prospectus.

                                     NOTICE

         The  undersigned  beneficial  owner (the "SELLING  SECURITYHOLDER")  of
Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the Registrable Securities owned
by it and listed below in Item 3 (unless otherwise  specified under such Item 3)
in the Registration Statement.


                                       19
<PAGE>


The  undersigned  hereby  provides the following  information to the Company and
represents and warrants that such information is accurate:

                                  QUESTIONNAIRE

1.       NAME.

         (a)      Full Legal Name of Selling Securityholder


                  --------------------------------------------------------------


         (b)      Full Legal Name of  Registered  Holder (if not the same as (a)
                  above) through which  Registrable  Securities Listed in Item 3
                  below are held:


                  --------------------------------------------------------------

         (c)      Full Legal  Name of  Natural  Control  Person  (which  means a
                  natural  person  who  directly  you  indirectly  alone or with
                  others has power to vote or dispose of the securities  covered
                  by the questionnaire):


                  --------------------------------------------------------------


2.       ADDRESS FOR NOTICES TO SELLING SECURITYHOLDER:


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Telephone:
          ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Fax:
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Contact Person:
                ----------------------------------------------------------------


3.       BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF REGISTRABLE SECURITIES:

         (a)      Type  and   Principal   Amount   of   Registrable   Securities
                  beneficially owned:


                  --------------------------------------------------------------

                  --------------------------------------------------------------

                  --------------------------------------------------------------


                                       20
<PAGE>


4.       BROKER-DEALER STATUS:

         (a)      Are you a broker-dealer?

                                  Yes [_]     No [_]

         Note:    If yes, the  Commission's  staff has indicated that you should
                  be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

         (b)      Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?

                                  Yes [_]     No [_]

         (c)      If you are an  affiliate  of a  broker-dealer,  do you certify
                  that you bought the  Registrable  Securities  in the  ordinary
                  course of  business,  and at the time of the  purchase  of the
                  Registrable  Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or
                  understandings,  directly  or  indirectly,  with any person to
                  distribute the Registrable Securities?

                                  Yes [_]     No [_]

         Note:    If no, the  Commission's  staff has indicated  that you should
                  be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

5.       BENEFICIAL  OWNERSHIP OF OTHER  SECURITIES  OF THE COMPANY OWNED BY THE
         SELLING SECURITYHOLDER.

         EXCEPT AS SET FORTH  BELOW IN THIS ITEM 5, THE  UNDERSIGNED  IS NOT THE
         BENEFICIAL OR REGISTERED  OWNER OF ANY  SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY OTHER
         THAN THE REGISTRABLE SECURITIES LISTED ABOVE IN ITEM 3.

         (a)      Type and Amount of Other Securities  beneficially owned by the
                  Selling Securityholder:


                  --------------------------------------------------------------

                  --------------------------------------------------------------


                                       21
<PAGE>


6.       RELATIONSHIPS WITH THE COMPANY:

         EXCEPT AS SET  FORTH  BELOW,  NEITHER  THE  UNDERSIGNED  NOR ANY OF ITS
         AFFILIATES,  OFFICERS, DIRECTORS OR PRINCIPAL EQUITY HOLDERS (OWNERS OF
         5% OF MORE OF THE EQUITY  SECURITIES OF THE  UNDERSIGNED)  HAS HELD ANY
         POSITION OR OFFICE OR HAS HAD ANY OTHER MATERIAL  RELATIONSHIP WITH THE
         COMPANY  (OR ITS  PREDECESSORS  OR  AFFILIATES)  DURING  THE PAST THREE
         YEARS.

         State any exceptions here:


         -----------------------------------------------------------------------

         -----------------------------------------------------------------------



         The   undersigned   agrees  to  promptly  notify  the  Company  of  any
inaccuracies  or  changes  in the  information  provided  herein  that may occur
subsequent  to the date  hereof  at any time  while the  Registration  Statement
remains effective.

         By signing  below,  the  undersigned  consents to the disclosure of the
information  contained  herein  in its  answers  to  Items 1  through  6 and the
inclusion of such  information  in the  Registration  Statement  and the related
prospectus.  The undersigned  understands  that such  information will be relied
upon by the Company in  connection  with the  preparation  or  amendment  of the
Registration Statement and the related prospectus.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused
this Notice and  Questionnaire  to be executed and delivered either in person or
by its duly authorized agent.

Dated:                             Beneficial Owner:
       -------------------                           ---------------------------

                                   By:
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title:

PLEASE FAX A COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED  NOTICE AND  QUESTIONNAIRE,  AND
RETURN THE ORIGINAL BY OVERNIGHT MAIL, TO:


                                       22

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.2

                               SECURITY AGREEMENT

            SECURITY   AGREEMENT,   dated  as  of  December   14,   2004  (this
"AGREEMENT"),  among  Tarrant  Apparel  Group,  a  California  corporation  (the
"COMPANY" or the "DEBTOR") and the holder or holders of the Company's 6% Secured
Convertible Debentures due December 14, 2007 in the original aggregate principal
amount of $10,000,000 (the  "DEBENTURES"),  signatory  hereto,  their endorsees,
transferees and assigns (collectively referred to as, the "SECURED PARTIES").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

            WHEREAS, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and the Debentures,  the
Secured  Parties  have  severally  agreed  to extend  the  loans to the  Company
evidenced by the Debenture; and

            WHEREAS,  in order to induce the Secured Parties to extend the loans
evidenced by the Debentures, the Debtor has agreed to execute and deliver to the
Secured Parties this Agreement and to grant the Secured Parties, PARI PASSU with
each other Secured Party, a perfected  security  interest in certain property of
such Debtor to secure the prompt  payment,  performance and discharge in full of
all of the Company's obligations under the Debenture.

            NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the agreements herein contained
and for other good and valuable  consideration,  the receipt and  sufficiency of
which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

            1. CERTAIN  DEFINITIONS.  As used in this  Agreement,  the following
terms shall have the  meanings  set forth in this  Section 1. Terms used but not
otherwise  defined in this  Agreement  that are  defined in Article 9 of the UCC
(such as "account", "chattel paper", "commercial tort claim", "deposit account",
"document",    "equipment",    "fixtures",   "general   intangibles",   "goods",
"instruments",  "inventory",  "investment property",  "letter-of-credit rights",
"proceeds" and  "supporting  obligations")  shall have the  respective  meanings
given such terms in Article 9 of the UCC.

                  (a)  "COLLATERAL"  means the  collateral  in which the Secured
         Parties are granted a security  interest  by this  Agreement  and which
         shall consist of all of Debtor's present and future  Accounts,  Chattel
         Paper  and  Instruments,   and  all  Supporting  Obligations,   General
         Intangibles and Documents  arising out of or relating to the foregoing;
         Retained  Goods;  credit  balances and other property of Debtor held or
         received by Secured Parties;  rights of stoppage in transit,  replevin,
         repossession,  reclamation  and other  rights and remedies of an unpaid
         vendor; and all of Debtor's Records relating to and all proceeds of the
         foregoing property and rights.

            Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  nothing  herein shall be deemed to
constitute  an  assignment  of any asset which,  in the event of an  assignment,
becomes  void by  operation  of  applicable  law or the  assignment  of which is
otherwise  prohibited  by  applicable  law (in each case to the extent that such
applicable  law is not overridden by Sections  9-406,  9-407 and/or 9-408 of the
UCC or other similar  applicable  law);  provided,  however,  that to the extent
permitted


<PAGE>


by applicable law, this Agreement shall create a valid security interest in such
asset and, to the extent  permitted by  applicable  law,  this  Agreement  shall
create a valid security interest in the proceeds of such asset.

                  (b)  "MAJORITY  IN  INTEREST"  shall  mean,  at  any  time  of
         determination,  the  majority  in interest  (based on  then-outstanding
         principal  amounts of Debentures at the time of such  determination) of
         the Secured Parties.

                  (c) "Intercreditor Agreement" means that certain Intercreditor
         Agreement,  dated as of the date hereof,  among GMAC Commercial Finance
         LLC,  UPS Capital  Global Trade  Finance  Corporation,  the Agent,  and
         Debtor.

                  (d) "OBLIGATIONS" means all of the Debtor's  obligations under
         this Agreement, the Purchase Agreement,  the Debentures,  and any other
         instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in
         connection  herewith  or  therewith,  in  each  case,  whether  now  or
         hereafter  existing,  voluntary  or  involuntary,  direct or  indirect,
         absolute or  contingent,  liquidated  or  unliquidated,  whether or not
         jointly  owed  with  others,  and  whether  or not  from  time  to time
         decreased or extinguished and later increased, created or incurred, and
         all or any portion of such obligations or liabilities that are paid, to
         the  extent all or any part of such  payment  is  avoided or  recovered
         directly or indirectly from any of the Secured Parties as a preference,
         fraudulent  transfer or otherwise as such  obligations  may be amended,
         supplemented,  converted,  extended  or  modified  from  time to  time.
         Without   limiting  the   generality   of  the   foregoing,   the  term
         "Obligations" shall include, without limitation:  (i) principal of, and
         interest on the  Debentures and the loans  extended  pursuant  thereto;
         (ii)  any and all  other  fees,  indemnities,  costs,  obligations  and
         liabilities of the Debtor from time to time under or in connection with
         this Agreement, the Debentures,  and any other instruments,  agreements
         or other documents executed and/or delivered in connection  herewith or
         therewith;  and  (iii)  all  amounts  (including  but  not  limited  to
         post-petition  interest)  in  respect  of the  foregoing  that would be
         payable but for the fact that the  obligations  to pay such amounts are
         unenforceable  or not  allowable  due to the existence of a bankruptcy,
         reorganization or similar proceeding involving the Debtor.

                  (e)  "ORGANIZATIONAL  DOCUMENTS"  means  with  respect  to the
         Debtor,  the  documents  by  which  Debtor  was  organized  (such  as a
         certificate of  incorporation,  certificate  of limited  partnership or
         articles  of  organization,  and  including,  without  limitation,  any
         certificates  of  designation  for  preferred  stock or other  forms of
         preferred equity) and which relate to the internal governance of Debtor
         (such as bylaws,  a  partnership  agreement  or an  operating,  limited
         liability or members agreement).

                  (f) "UCC"  means the Uniform  Commercial  Code of the State of
         California and or any other applicable law of any state or states which
         has jurisdiction with respect to all, or any portion of, the Collateral
         or this  Agreement,  from time to time. It is the intent of the parties
         that defined  terms in the UCC should be  construed  in their  broadest
         sense so that the term  "Collateral"  will be construed in its broadest
         sense.  Accordingly if there are, from time to time, changes to defined
         terms in the UCC that broaden the


                                       2
<PAGE>


         definitions,  they are incorporated herein and if existing  definitions
         in the UCC are broader than the amended definitions,  the existing ones
         shall be controlling.

         2. GRANT OF  PERFECTED  SECURITY  INTEREST.  As an  inducement  for the
Secured Parties to extend the loans as evidenced by the Debentures and to secure
the complete and timely payment,  performance and discharge in full, as the case
may be, of all of the Obligations, Debtor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably
pledges,  grants  and  hypothecates  to the  Secured  Parties a  continuing  and
perfected  security  interest  in and to, a lien  upon  and a right  of  set-off
against all of their respective right, title and interest of whatsoever kind and
nature in and to, the Collateral (the "SECURITY INTEREST").


         3. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS OF THE DEBTOR.
Debtor  represents  and warrants to, and covenants and agrees with,  the Secured
Parties as follows:

                  (a) Debtor has the requisite  corporate power and authority to
         enter into this  Agreement and  otherwise to carry out its  obligations
         hereunder.  The execution,  delivery and  performance by Debtor of this
         Agreement  and  the  filings   contemplated   therein  have  been  duly
         authorized by all necessary action on the part of Debtor and no further
         action is required by Debtor.  This Agreement has been duly executed by
         Debtor.  This  Agreement  constitutes  the  legal,  valid  and  binding
         obligation of Debtor, enforceable against Debtor in accordance with its
         terms  except  as such  enforceability  may be  limited  by  applicable
         bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization  and  similar  laws of general
         application  relating  to or  affecting  the  rights  and  remedies  of
         creditors and by general principles of equity.

                  (b) The Debtor has no place of business  or offices  where its
         books of account and records  are kept (other than  temporarily  at the
         offices of its attorneys or accountants) or places where  Collateral is
         stored or located,  except as set forth on SCHEDULE A attached  hereto.
         Except as  disclosed on SCHEDULE A, none of such  Collateral  is in the
         possession of any consignee, bailee, warehouseman, agent or processor.

                  (c) Except for Permitted  Liens (as defined in the Debentures)
         and except as set forth on  SCHEDULE B attached  hereto,  the Debtor is
         the sole owner of the  Collateral  (except for  non-exclusive  licenses
         granted by any Debtor in the  ordinary  course of  business),  free and
         clear of any liens, security interests, encumbrances, rights or claims,
         and is fully  authorized  to grant the  Security  Interest  (subject to
         obtaining  the  consent  of  (i)  GMAC  under  that  certain  Factoring
         Agreement  by and among  GMAC,  Debtor and  certain of its  Affiliates,
         dated as of  September  29,  2004,  as amend to date  (the "  FACTORING
         AGREEMENT")  and (ii) UPS Capital  Global Trade  Finance  ("UPS") under
         that  certain  Guaranty and  Security  Agreement  by and among  Debtor,
         certain of its Affiliates and UPS, dated as of May 30, 2002, as amended
         to date (the  "GUARANTY").  There is not on file in any governmental or
         regulatory authority, agency or recording office an effective financing
         statement, security agreement, license or transfer or any notice of any
         of the  foregoing  (other than those that will be filed in favor of the
         Secured  Parties  pursuant  to  this  Agreement  and  pursuant  to  the
         Factoring  Agreement  and  Guaranty)  covering or affecting  any of the
         Collateral.  So long as this  Agreement  shall be in effect,  except as


                                       3
<PAGE>


         otherwise  provided herein,  the Debtor shall not execute and shall not
         knowingly  permit to be on file in any such  office or agency  any such
         financing  statement  or other  document or  instrument  (except to the
         extent  filed or recorded in favor of the Secured  Parties  pursuant to
         the terms of this  Agreement or in favor of GMAC or UPS pursuant to the
         Factoring Agreement or Guaranty).

                  (d) No written claim has been received that any  Collateral or
         Debtor's use of any Collateral  violates the rights of any third party.
         There has been no adverse  decision to any Debtor's  claim of ownership
         rights in or exclusive rights to use the Collateral in any jurisdiction
         or to Debtor's right to keep and maintain such Collateral in full force
         and effect,  and there is no proceeding  involving  said rights pending
         or, to the best  knowledge  of  Debtor,  threatened  before  any court,
         judicial body, administrative or regulatory agency, arbitrator or other
         governmental authority.

                  (e) Debtor  shall at all times  maintain  its books of account
         and  records  relating  to the  Collateral  at its  principal  place of
         business and its  Collateral  at the  locations set forth on SCHEDULE A
         attached  hereto and may not relocate such books of account and records
         or tangible  Collateral  unless it  delivers to the Secured  Parties at
         least 30 days  prior to such  relocation  (i)  written  notice  of such
         relocation  and the new  location  thereof  (which  must be within  the
         United States) and (ii) evidence that appropriate  financing statements
         under  the UCC and  other  necessary  documents  have  been  filed  and
         recorded  and other  steps  have been  taken to  perfect  the  Security
         Interest to create in favor of the Secured  Parties a valid,  perfected
         and continuing perfected lien in the Collateral.

                  (f) This Agreement  creates in favor of the Secured  Parties a
         valid security  interest in the  Collateral,  subject only to Permitted
         Liens (as defined in the Debentures) and the liens in favor of GMAC and
         UPS,  securing the payment and  performance  of the  Obligations.  Upon
         making the filings  described in the immediately  following  paragraph,
         all security interests created hereunder in any Collateral which may be
         perfected by filing Uniform Commercial Code financing  statements shall
         have  been  duly  perfected.  Except  for  the  filing  of the  Uniform
         Commercial  Code financing  statements  referred to in the  immediately
         following  paragraph  no action is  necessary  to  create,  perfect  or
         protect the security interests created hereunder.  Without limiting the
         generality of the  foregoing,  except for the filing of said  financing
         statements,   obtaining   the  consent  of  GMAC  under  the  Factoring
         Agreement,  the  consent of UPS under the  Guaranty,  no consent of any
         third parties and no authorization, approval or other action by, and no
         notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body
         is required for (i) the  execution,  delivery and  performance  of this
         Agreement,  (ii) the creation or perfection  of the Security  Interests
         created  hereunder in the  Collateral or (iii) the  enforcement  of the
         rights of the Secured Parties hereunder.

                  (g) Debtor hereby  authorizes the Secured  Parties,  or any of
         them,  to file one or more  financing  statements  under the UCC,  with
         respect to the Security  Interest  with the proper filing and recording
         agencies in any jurisdiction deemed proper by them.


                                       4
<PAGE>


                  (h) The execution,  delivery and performance of this Agreement
         by the  Debtor  does  not  (i)  violate  any of the  provisions  of any
         Organizational  Documents of Debtor or any judgment,  decree,  order or
         award of any court,  governmental  body or arbitrator or any applicable
         law, rule or regulation  applicable to Debtor or (ii) conflict with, or
         constitute  a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or
         both  would  become a default)  under,  or give to others any rights of
         termination,  amendment,  acceleration or cancellation (with or without
         notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt
         or other  instrument  (evidencing  Debtor's debt or otherwise) or other
         understanding  to which  Debtor is a party or by which any  property or
         asset of Debtor is bound or affected (except for any conflict under the
         Factoring Agreement and the Guaranty,  which conflicts will be resolved
         by consents  obtained from GMAC and UPS concurrent  with the closing of
         this Agreement).

                  (i) Debtor shall at all times  maintain the liens and Security
         Interest  provided  for  hereunder  as valid  and  perfected  liens and
         security  interests in the  Collateral in favor of the Secured  Parties
         until this  Agreement  and the  Security  Interest  hereunder  shall be
         terminated  pursuant  to  Section 11 hereof.  Debtor  hereby  agrees to
         defend the same against the claims of any and all persons and entities.
         Debtor shall  safeguard and protect all  Collateral  for the account of
         the Secured Parties. At the request of the Secured Parties, Debtor will
         sign and  deliver  to the  Secured  Parties at any time or from time to
         time  one or  more  financing  statements  pursuant  to the UCC in form
         reasonably satisfactory to the Secured Parties and will pay the cost of
         filing the same in all public offices  wherever filing is, or is deemed
         by the Secured  Parties to be,  necessary  or  desirable  to effect the
         rights and  obligations  provided  for  herein.  Without  limiting  the
         generality of the foregoing, Debtor shall pay all fees, taxes and other
         amounts  necessary to maintain the Collateral and the Security Interest
         hereunder,  and Debtor shall obtain and furnish to the Secured  Parties
         from time to time, upon demand, such releases and/or  subordinations of
         claims and liens which may be required to maintain  the priority of the
         Security Interest hereunder.

                  (j) Debtor will not transfer, pledge,  hypothecate,  encumber,
         license, sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Collateral (except for
         non-exclusive  licenses  granted  by Debtor in its  ordinary  course of
         business)  without the prior written consent of a Majority in Interest;
         provided  that nothing  herein shall limit or restrict  GMAC's or UPS's
         rights with respect to the Collateral.

                  (k) Debtor shall keep and preserve  its  equipment,  inventory
         and other tangible  Collateral in good condition,  repair and order and
         shall  not  operate  or  locate  any such  Collateral  (or  cause to be
         operated or located) in any area excluded from insurance coverage.

                  (l) Debtor shall maintain with financially sound and reputable
         insurers,  insurance  with  respect to the  Collateral  against loss or
         damage of the kinds and in the amounts  customarily  insured against by
         entities of established  reputation having similar properties similarly
         situated and in such amounts as are  customarily  carried under similar
         circumstances  by other such  entities and  otherwise as is prudent for
         entities engaged in


                                       5
<PAGE>


         similar  businesses  but in any  event  sufficient  to  cover  the full
         replacement  cost  thereof.  Debtor shall cause each  insurance  policy
         issued in connection herewith to provide,  and the insurer issuing such
         policy  to  certify  to the Agent  that (a) the Agent  will be named as
         lender  loss payee and  additional  insured  under each such  insurance
         policy; (b) if such insurance be proposed to be cancelled or materially
         changed for any reason  whatsoever,  such insurer will promptly  notify
         the Agent and such  cancellation or change shall not be effective as to
         the Agent for at least  thirty (30) days after  receipt by the Agent of
         such notice,  unless the effect of such change is to extend or increase
         coverage  under the policy;  and (c) the Agent will have the right (but
         no  obligation) at its election to remedy any default in the payment of
         premiums  within  thirty  (30) days of notice  from the insurer of such
         default.  If no Event of Default (as defined in the  Debenture)  exists
         and if the  proceeds  arising  out of any claim or  series  of  related
         claims do not exceed  $100,000,  loss payments in each instance will be
         applied by the  applicable  Debtor to the repair and/or  replacement of
         property  with  respect  to which the loss was  incurred  to the extent
         reasonably  feasible,  and any loss  payments  or the  balance  thereof
         remaining,  to the  extent  not so  applied,  shall be  payable  to the
         applicable  Debtor,  provided,  however,  that payments received by any
         Debtor after an Event of Default  occurs and is continuing or in excess
         of $100,000 for any occurrence or series of related  occurrences  shall
         be paid to the Agent and, if received by such Debtor,  shall be held in
         trust  for and  immediately  paid over to the  Agent  unless  otherwise
         directed  in  writing  by the  Agent.  Copies of such  policies  or the
         related  certificates,  in each case,  naming the Agent as lender  loss
         payee and  additional  insured shall be delivered to the Agent at least
         annually and at the time any new policy of insurance is issued.

                  (m) Debtor shall,  within ten (10) days of obtaining knowledge
         thereof,  advise the Secured Parties promptly, in sufficient detail, of
         any substantial change in the Collateral,  and of the occurrence of any
         event  which would have a material  adverse  effect on the value of the
         Collateral or on the Secured Parties' security interest therein.

                  (n) Debtor shall  promptly  execute and deliver to the Secured
         Parties   such  further   deeds,   mortgages,   assignments,   security
         agreements,  financing  statements  or  other  instruments,  documents,
         certificates and assurances and take such further action as the Secured
         Parties may from time to time  request  and may in its sole  discretion
         deem necessary to perfect,  protect or enforce its security interest in
         the Collateral.

                  (o)  Debtor  shall  permit  the  Secured   Parties  and  their
         representatives  and agents to inspect the  Collateral at any time, and
         to make  copies  of  records  pertaining  to the  Collateral  as may be
         requested by a Secured Party from time to time.

                  (p)  Debtor  shall  take all  steps  reasonably  necessary  to
         diligently pursue and seek to preserve, enforce and collect any rights,
         claims,  causes of action  and  accounts  receivable  in respect of the
         Collateral.

                  (q)  Debtor  shall  promptly  notify  the  Secured  Parties in
         sufficient  detail upon becoming aware of any attachment,  garnishment,
         execution or other legal process  levied  against any Collateral and of
         any other information received by Debtor that may


                                       6
<PAGE>


         materially affect the value of the Collateral, the Security Interest or
         the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties hereunder.

                  (r) All information  heretofore,  herein or hereafter supplied
         to the Secured  Parties by or on behalf of Debtor  with  respect to the
         Collateral is accurate and complete in all material  respects as of the
         date furnished.

                  (s) The Debtor  shall at all times  preserve  and keep in full
         force and effect its valid  existence  and good standing and any rights
         and franchises material to its business.

                  (t) Debtor  will not change  its name,  type of  organization,
         jurisdiction of organization,  organizational identification number (if
         it has one), legal or corporate structure,  or identity, or add any new
         fictitious  name  unless it  provides  at least 30 days  prior  written
         notice to the  Secured  Parties of such change and, at the time of such
         written  notification,  Debtor  provides any  financing  statements  or
         fixture  filings  necessary  to  perfect  and  continue  perfected  the
         perfected security Interest granted and evidenced by this Agreement.

                  (u) Debtor may not  relocate its chief  executive  office to a
         new  location  without  providing  30 days prior  written  notification
         thereof  to the  Secured  Parties  and so long as,  at the time of such
         written  notification,  Debtor  provides any  financing  statements  or
         fixture  filings  necessary  to  perfect  and  continue  perfected  the
         perfected security Interest granted and evidenced by this Agreement.

                  (v) Debtor was  organized and remains  organized  solely under
         the laws of the state set forth next to such Debtor's name in the first
         paragraph  of this  Agreement.  SCHEDULE D attached  hereto  sets forth
         Debtor's organizational identification number.

                  (w) (i) The actual name of Debtor is the name set forth in the
         preamble  above;  (ii) Debtor has no trade  names  other than  "Fashion
         Resource"; (iii) Debtor has not used any name other than that stated in
         the preamble hereto or "Fashion Resource" for the preceding five years;
         and (iv) no entity has merged  into  Debtor or been  acquired by Debtor
         within the past five years.

                  (x) At any  time  and from  time to time  that any  Collateral
         consists of  instruments,  certificated  securities or other items that
         require  or permit  possession  by the  secured  party to  perfect  the
         security  interest  created  hereby,  the  Debtor  shall  deliver  such
         Collateral to the Agent.

                  (y) To the extent that any  Collateral is in the possession of
         any third  party,  the Debtor  shall join with the  Secured  Parties in
         notifying such third party of the Secured Parties' security interest in
         such   Collateral   and  shall  use  its  best  efforts  to  obtain  an
         acknowledgement and agreement from such third party with respect to the
         Collateral, in form and substance satisfactory to the Secured Parties.


                                       7
<PAGE>


                  (z) If any  Debtor  shall  at  any  time  hold  or  acquire  a
         commercial  tort claim,  such Debtor shall promptly  notify the Secured
         Parties in a writing signed by such Debtor of the  particulars  thereof
         and grant to the Secured  Parties in such  writing a security  interest
         therein  and in the  proceeds  thereof,  all  upon  the  terms  of this
         Agreement,  with such writing to be in form and substance  satisfactory
         to the Secured Parties.

                  (aa)  Debtor  will from time to time,  at the  expense  of the
         Debtor,  promptly execute and deliver all such further  instruments and
         documents,  and take all such  further  action as may be  necessary  or
         desirable,  or as the Secured Parties may reasonably  request, in order
         to perfect and protect any security interest granted or purported to be
         granted hereby or to enable the Secured Parties to exercise and enforce
         their rights and remedies  hereunder and with respect to any Collateral
         or to otherwise carry out the purposes of this Agreement.

                  (bb) None of the account  debtors or other persons or entities
         obligated on any of the Collateral is a governmental  authority covered
         by the Federal  Assignment of Claims Act or any similar federal,  state
         or local statute or rule in respect of such Collateral.

         4.       DEFAULTS. The following events shall be "EVENTS OF DEFAULT":

                  (a) The  occurrence  of an Event of Default (as defined in the
         Debentures) under the Debentures;

                  (b) Any representation or warranty of Debtor in this Agreement
         shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made;

                  (c) The  failure by Debtor to  observe  or perform  any of its
         obligations  hereunder for five (5) days after  delivery to such Debtor
         of notice of such  failure  by or on behalf of a Secured  Party  unless
         such  default is capable of cure but cannot be cured  within  such time
         frame and such  Debtor is using  best  efforts to cure same in a timely
         fashion; or

                  (d) If any provision of this  Agreement  shall at any time for
         any  reason  be  declared  to be null  and  void,  or the  validity  or
         enforceability  thereof  shall be contested by Debtor,  or a proceeding
         shall be commenced by Debtor,  or by any governmental  authority having
         jurisdiction  over  Debtor,  seeking to  establish  the  invalidity  or
         unenforceability  thereof,  or Debtor  shall  deny that  Debtor has any
         liability or obligation purported to be created under this Agreement.

         5.       DUTY TO HOLD IN TRUST.

                  (a) Upon the  occurrence  of any Event of  Default  and at any
         time  thereafter,  Debtor shall,  upon receipt of any revenue,  income,
         dividend,  interest  or other sums  subject to the  Security  Interest,
         whether  payable  pursuant to the  Debenture  or  otherwise,  or of any
         check, draft, note, trade acceptance or other instrument  evidencing an
         obligation  to pay any such sum, hold the same in trust for the Secured
         Parties  and shall  forthwith


                                       8
<PAGE>


         endorse and  transfer  any such sums or  instruments,  or both,  to the
         Secured Parties,  pro-rata in proportion to their initial  purchases of
         Debentures for application to the  satisfaction of the Obligations (and
         if any  Debenture is not  outstanding,  pro-rata in  proportion  to the
         initial purchases of the remaining Debentures).

         6.       RIGHTS AND REMEDIES UPON DEFAULT.

                  (a) Upon the  occurrence  of any Event of  Default  and at any
         time  thereafter,   the  Secured  Parties,  acting  through  any  agent
         appointed  by them for such  purpose,  shall have the right to exercise
         all of the remedies conferred  hereunder and under the Debentures,  and
         the Secured Parties shall have all the rights and remedies of a secured
         party under the UCC. Without limitation, the Secured Parties shall have
         the following rights and powers:

                           (i) The Secured  Parties shall have the right to take
                  possession of the  Collateral  and, for that  purpose,  enter,
                  with the aid and assistance of any person,  any premises where
                  the Collateral,  or any part thereof,  is or may be placed and
                  remove the same,  and Debtor shall assemble the Collateral and
                  make it available  to the Secured  Parties at places which the
                  Secured Parties shall reasonably  select,  whether at Debtor's
                  premises  or  elsewhere,  and make  available  to the  Secured
                  Parties, without rent, all of Debtor's respective premises and
                  facilities  for the  purpose  of the  Secured  Parties  taking
                  possession of,  removing or putting the Collateral in saleable
                  or disposable form.

                           (ii) Upon  notice to the Debtor by Agent,  all rights
                  of Debtor to exercise the voting and other  consensual  rights
                  which it would  otherwise  be  entitled  to  exercise  and all
                  rights of Debtor to receive the dividends  and interest  which
                  it would otherwise be authorized to receive and retain,  shall
                  cease. Upon such notice, Agent shall have the right to receive
                  any  interest,   cash  dividends  or  other  payments  on  the
                  Collateral  and,  at the option of Agent,  to exercise in such
                  Agent's  discretion  all  voting  rights  pertaining  thereto.
                  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,  Agent shall
                  have the right (but not the obligation) to exercise all rights
                  with  respect  to the  Collateral  as if it were  the sole and
                  absolute owner thereof.

                           (iii) The  Secured  Parties  shall  have the right to
                  assign, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of and deliver all or
                  any part of the  Collateral,  at  public  or  private  sale or
                  otherwise,  either  with  or  without  special  conditions  or
                  stipulations, for cash or on credit or for future delivery, in
                  such  parcel or parcels  and at such time or times and at such
                  place or  places,  and upon such terms and  conditions  as the
                  Secured Parties may deem commercially reasonable,  all without
                  (except as shall be required by applicable  statute and cannot
                  be waived) advertisement or demand upon or notice to Debtor or
                  right of  redemption  of Debtor,  which are  hereby  expressly
                  waived.  Upon  each  such  sale,  lease,  assignment  or other
                  transfer  of  Collateral,  the  Secured  Parties  may,  unless
                  prohibited by applicable law which cannot be waived,  purchase
                  all or any part of the  Collateral  being sold,


                                       9
<PAGE>


                  free  from and  discharged  of all  trusts,  claims,  right of
                  redemption and equities of Debtor, which are hereby waived and
                  released.

                           (iv) The  Secured  Parties  shall have the right (but
                  not the  obligation)  to notify any  account  debtors  and any
                  obligors  under  instruments  or  accounts  to  make  payments
                  directly  to the Secured  Parties and to enforce the  Debtors'
                  rights against such account debtors and obligors.


                  (b) The Agent may comply with any applicable law in connection
         with a  disposition  of  Collateral  and  such  compliance  will not be
         considered  adversely to affect the  commercial  reasonableness  of any
         sale of the  Collateral.  The  Agent  may sell the  Collateral  without
         giving any warranties and may specifically disclaim such warranties. If
         the Agent sells any of the  Collateral on credit,  the Debtor will only
         be credited with payments actually made by the purchaser.  In addition,
         Debtor waives any and all rights that it may have to a judicial hearing
         in advance of the enforcement of any of the Agent's rights and remedies
         hereunder,  including, without limitation, its right following an Event
         of  Default  to take  immediate  possession  of the  Collateral  and to
         exercise its rights and remedies with respect thereto.


         7.    APPLICATIONS OF PROCEEDS. The proceeds of any such sale, lease or
other  disposition of the Collateral  hereunder  shall be applied first,  to the
expenses of retaking,  holding,  storing,  processing  and  preparing  for sale,
selling, and the like (including,  without limitation, any taxes, fees and other
costs  incurred in connection  therewith) of the  Collateral,  to the reasonable
attorneys' fees and expenses  incurred by the Secured Parties in enforcing their
rights hereunder and in connection with collecting, storing and disposing of the
Collateral,  and then to  satisfaction  of the  Obligations  pro rata  among the
Secured Parties (based on  then-outstanding  principal  amounts of Debentures at
the time of any such  determination),  and to the  payment of any other  amounts
required by  applicable  law,  after which the Secured  Parties shall pay to the
Debtor any surplus proceeds.  If, upon the sale, license or other disposition of
the  Collateral,  the proceeds  thereof are  insufficient  to pay all amounts to
which the Secured  Parties are legally  entitled,  the Debtor will be liable for
the deficiency,  together with interest thereon, at the rate of 10% per annum or
the lesser amount  permitted by applicable  law (the  "Default  Rate"),  and the
reasonable fees of any attorneys employed by the Secured Parties to collect such
deficiency. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Debtor waives all claims,
damages and demands against the Secured Parties arising out of the repossession,
removal,  retention  or sale of the  Collateral,  unless due solely to the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of the Secured Parties as determined by a final
judgment (not further appealed) of a court of competent jurisdiction.


         8.     COSTS  AND  EXPENSES.   Debtor  agrees  to  pay  all  reasonable
out-of-pocket  fees,  costs and expenses  incurred in connection with any filing
required  hereunder,  including  without  limitation,  any financing  statements
pursuant  to  the  UCC,   continuation   statements,   partial  releases  and/or
termination   statements  related  thereto  or  any  expenses  of  any  searches
reasonably  required by the  Secured  Parties.  Debtor  shall also pay all other
claims and charges which in the reasonable  opinion of the Secured Parties might
prejudice,  imperil or otherwise affect the


                                       10
<PAGE>


Collateral or the Security Interest therein.  Debtor will also, upon demand, pay
to the Secured Parties the amount of any and all reasonable expenses,  including
the  reasonable  fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts and agents,
which the Secured  Parties may incur in connection  with (i) the  enforcement of
this Agreement,  (ii) the custody or preservation of, or the sale of, collection
from, or other realization upon, any of the Collateral, or (iii) the exercise or
enforcement  of any of the rights of the Secured  Parties under the  Debentures.
Until so paid, any fees payable hereunder shall be added to the principal amount
of the Debentures and shall bear interest at the Default Rate.

         9.    RESPONSIBILITY FOR COLLATERAL. The Debtor assumes all liabilities
and responsibility in connection with all Collateral,  and the Obligations shall
in no way be affected or diminished by reason of the loss,  destruction,  damage
or theft of any of the Collateral or its unavailability for any reason.  Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing,  (a) neither the Agent nor any Secured
Party (i) has any duty  (either  before or after an Event of Default) to collect
any amounts in respect of the  Collateral or to preserve any rights  relating to
the Collateral,  or (ii) has any obligation to clean-up or otherwise prepare the
Collateral for sale, and (b) Debtor shall remain obligated and liable under each
contract or agreement  included in the Collateral to be observed or performed by
Debtor  thereunder.  Neither  the Agent nor any  Secured  Party  shall  have any
obligation  or  liability  under any such  contract or agreement by reason of or
arising out of this  Agreement or the receipt by the Agent or any Secured  Party
of any  payment  relating to any of the  Collateral,  nor shall the Agent or any
Secured  Party be obligated in any manner to perform any of the  obligations  of
Debtor under or pursuant to any such contract or  agreement,  to make inquiry as
to the nature or sufficiency of any payment received by the Agent or any Secured
Party in respect of the Collateral or as to the  sufficiency of any  performance
by any party under any such contract or agreement, to present or file any claim,
to take any action to enforce any  performance  or to collect the payment of any
amounts  which may have been  assigned to the Agent or to which the Agent or any
Secured Party may be entitled at any time or times.

         10.  SECURITY INTEREST  ABSOLUTE. All rights of the Secured Parties and
all obligations of the Debtor  hereunder,  shall be absolute and  unconditional,
irrespective of: (a) any lack of validity or  enforceability  of this Agreement,
the Debentures or any agreement  entered into in connection  with the foregoing,
or any portion hereof or thereof; (b) any change in the time, manner or place of
payment  or  performance  of,  or in  any  other  term  of,  all  or  any of the
Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure
from the Debentures or any other  agreement  entered into in connection with the
foregoing; (c) any exchange,  release or nonperfection of any of the Collateral,
or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure  from any other
collateral for, or any guaranty,  or any other  security,  for all or any of the
Obligations; (d) any action by the Secured Parties to obtain, adjust, settle and
cancel in its sole discretion any insurance claims or matters made or arising in
connection  with the  Collateral;  or (e) any  other  circumstance  which  might
otherwise  constitute any legal or equitable  defense  available to Debtor, or a
discharge of all or any part of the Security Interest granted hereby.  Until the
Obligations  shall  have  been paid and  performed  in full,  the  rights of the
Secured  Parties  shall  continue  even if the  Obligations  are  barred for any
reason, including, without limitation, the running of the statute of limitations
or bankruptcy. Debtor expressly waives presentment,  protest, notice of protest,
demand,  notice of nonpayment


                                       11
<PAGE>


and demand for  performance.  In the event that at any time any  transfer of any
Collateral or any payment  received by the Secured  Parties  hereunder  shall be
deemed  by final  order  of a court of  competent  jurisdiction  to have  been a
voidable preference or fraudulent  conveyance under the bankruptcy or insolvency
laws of the United  States,  or shall be deemed to be otherwise due to any party
other than the Secured Parties,  then, in any such event,  Debtor's  obligations
hereunder  shall  survive  cancellation  of this  Agreement,  and  shall  not be
discharged or satisfied by any prior payment thereof and/or cancellation of this
Agreement,  but  shall  remain a valid and  binding  obligation  enforceable  in
accordance  with the terms and  provisions  hereof.  Debtor  waives all right to
require the Secured  Parties to proceed against any other person or entity or to
apply any  Collateral  which the  Secured  Parties  may hold at any time,  or to
marshal assets, or to pursue any other remedy. Debtor waives any defense arising
by reason of the  application  of the statute of  limitations  to any obligation
secured hereby.

         11.    TERM OF  AGREEMENT.  This  Agreement  and the Security  Interest
shall terminate on the date on which all payments under the Debentures have been
indefeasibly  paid  in  full  and  all  other  Obligations  have  been  paid  or
discharged;  provided,  however, that all indemnities of the Debtor contained in
this Agreement (including, without limitation, Annex A hereto) shall survive and
remain  operative and in full force and effect  regardless of the termination of
this Agreement.

         12.    POWER OF ATTORNEY; FURTHER ASSURANCES.

                  (a) Debtor  authorizes  the Secured  Parties,  and does hereby
         make,  constitute and appoint the Secured Parties and their  respective
         officers,   agents,   successors   or   assigns   with  full  power  of
         substitution,  as such Debtor's true and lawful attorney-in-fact,  with
         power, in the name of the various Secured Parties or Debtor,  to, after
         the occurrence and during the  continuance of an Event of Default,  (i)
         endorse any note, checks,  drafts, money orders or other instruments of
         payment  (including  payments payable under or in respect of any policy
         of  insurance)  in  respect  of  the  Collateral  that  may  come  into
         possession  of the  Secured  Parties;  (ii) to  sign  and  endorse  any
         financing  statement  pursuant  to the UCC or any  invoice,  freight or
         express bill,  bill of lading,  storage or warehouse  receipts,  drafts
         against debtors,  assignments,  verifications and notices in connection
         with accounts, and other documents relating to the Collateral; (iii) to
         pay or discharge taxes, liens, security interests or other encumbrances
         at any time levied or placed on or threatened  against the  Collateral;
         (iv) to demand,  collect,  receipt for, compromise,  settle and sue for
         monies due in  respect of the  Collateral;  and (v)  generally,  at the
         option of the Secured Parties, and at the expense of the Debtor, at any
         time,  or  from  time to  time,  to  execute  and  deliver  any and all
         documents  and  instruments  and to do all acts and  things  which  the
         Secured  Parties deem  necessary to protect,  preserve and realize upon
         the Collateral and the Security  Interest  granted  therein in order to
         effect the intent of this Agreement and the Debentures all as fully and
         effectually as the Debtor might or could do; and Debtor hereby ratifies
         all that said attorney  shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
         hereof. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall be
         irrevocable  for the term of this  Agreement and  thereafter as long as
         any of the Obligations shall be outstanding.

                  (b)  On  a  continuing  basis,   Debtor  will  make,  execute,
         acknowledge,  deliver,  file and  record,  as the case may be, with the
         proper filing and recording  agencies in any  jurisdiction,  including,
         without limitation,  the jurisdictions indicated on SCHEDULE C attached
         hereto, all such


                                       12
<PAGE>


         instruments,  and take all such  action  as may  reasonably  be  deemed
         necessary  or  advisable,  or as  reasonably  requested  by the Secured
         Parties,  to  perfect  the  Security  Interest  granted  hereunder  and
         otherwise  to carry out the intent and purposes of this  Agreement,  or
         for  assuring  and  confirming  to the  Secured  Parties  the  grant or
         perfection of a perfected security interest in all the Collateral under
         the UCC.

                  (c) Debtor hereby irrevocably  appoints the Secured Parties as
         Debtor's attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and instead
         of Debtor and in the name of Debtor,  from time to time in the  Secured
         Parties'  discretion,  to take any action and to execute any instrument
         which the Secured Parties may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish
         the  purposes of this  Agreement,  including  the  filing,  in its sole
         discretion,  of one or more  financing or  continuation  statements and
         amendments  thereto,  relative  to any of the  Collateral  without  the
         signature of Debtor where  permitted by law.  This power of attorney is
         coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable  for the term of this
         Agreement  and  thereafter as long as any of the  Obligations  shall be
         outstanding.

         13.  NOTICES.  All notices, requests,  demands and other communications
hereunder shall be subject to the notice provision of the Purchase Agreement (as
such term is defined in the Debentures).

         14.  OTHER  SECURITY.  To the extent  that the  Obligations  are now or
hereafter  secured by property  other than the  Collateral or by the  guarantee,
endorsement or property of any other person, firm,  corporation or other entity,
then the Secured  Parties  shall have the right,  in their sole  discretion,  to
pursue,  relinquish,  subordinate,  modify or take any other action with respect
thereto,  without in any way modifying or affecting any of the Secured  Parties'
rights and remedies hereunder.

         15.  APPOINTMENT  OF AGENT.  The Secured  Parties  hereby  appoint T.R.
Winston & Company (the "AGENT") to act as their agent for purposes of exercising
any and all rights and remedies of the Secured Parties hereunder.  Additionally,
the Secured  Parties hereby appoint the Agent to act as their agent for purposes
of negotiating and binding the Secured Parties to the Intercreditor Agreement by
and among Agent,  Debtor,  GMAC and UPS,  substantially in the form of EXHIBIT A
attached hereto (the "INTERCREDITOR  AGREEMENT"),  which Intercreditor Agreement
shall be binding on the Secured Parties, their successors and assigns, by virtue
of Agent's signature  thereto.  Such appointment shall continue until revoked in
writing by a Majority in  Interest,  at which time a Majority in Interest  shall
appoint a new Agent.  The Agent  shall  have the  rights,  responsibilities  and
immunities set forth in ANNEX A hereto.

         16.  AGREEMENT  TO  SUBORDINATE  TO SENIOR  INDEBTEDNESS.  The  Secured
Parties  hereby  agree  that if  Debtor  desires  to  incur  additional  secured
indebtedness  from any of GMAC Commercial  Finance LLC, UPS Capital Global Trade
Finance  Corporation or DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited (formerly known as Dao Heng
Bank), or any of their respective affiliates


                                       13
<PAGE>


("EXISTING SENIOR LENDERS"), or to replace existing secured indebtedness held by
any of the Existing Senior Lenders (such additional or replacement indebtedness,
the  "SENIOR  INDEBTEDNESS"),  the  Secured  Parties  shall (i)  consent  to the
incurrence  of such Senior  Indebtedness,  and (ii)  subordinate  their right to
payment of the Secured  Obligations  to the prior  payment in full of the Senior
Indebtedness, and subordinate their rights in the Collateral to the prior rights
in the  Collateral  of the  holder or holders  of Senior  Indebtedness  on terms
substantially  similar to the payment  and  Collateral  subordination  terms set
forth in the  Intercreditor  Agreement;  provided  that (W) the  holder  of such
Senior  Indebtedness  is  an  Existing  Senior  Lender  or,  in  the  case  of a
replacement  of  Senior  Indebtedness,  one or more  commercial  banks  or other
financial  institutions  whose  primary  business  is not  investing  in  equity
securities,  (X) the Secured Parties shall not be obligated to subordinate their
rights to receive payment to the prior payment of any of the Senior Indebtedness
unless and until the  occurrence of, and then only for the  continuation  of, an
event  of  default  under  the  Senior  Indebtedness,  and (Y) any  indebtedness
incurred to replace existing secured  indebtedness shall be pursuant to a credit
facility primarily to fund working capital.

         17.      MISCELLANEOUS.

                  (a) No course of dealing  between  the Debtor and the  Secured
         Parties, nor any failure to exercise,  nor any delay in exercising,  on
         the  part  of the  Secured  Parties,  any  right,  power  or  privilege
         hereunder or under the  Debentures  shall operate as a waiver  thereof;
         nor shall  any  single  or  partial  exercise  of any  right,  power or
         privilege  hereunder  or  thereunder  preclude  any  other  or  further
         exercise  thereof  or  the  exercise  of  any  other  right,  power  or
         privilege.

                  (b) All of the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties with
         respect  to  the  Collateral,  whether  established  hereby  or by  the
         Debentures or by any other  agreements,  instruments or documents or by
         law shall be cumulative and may be exercised singly or concurrently.

                  (c) This  Agreement  constitutes  the entire  agreement of the
         parties  with respect to the subject  matter  hereof and is intended to
         supersede all prior  negotiations,  understandings  and agreements with
         respect thereto. Except as specifically set forth in this Agreement, no
         provision  of this  Agreement  may be modified  or amended  except by a
         written agreement  specifically  referring to this Agreement and signed
         by the parties hereto.

                  (d) In the event any provision of this Agreement is held to be
         invalid,  prohibited  or  unenforceable  in any  jurisdiction  for  any
         reason,  unless such  provision  is narrowed by judicial  construction,
         this Agreement shall, as to such jurisdiction,  be construed as if such
         invalid,  prohibited or unenforceable  provision had been more narrowly
         drawn  so as  not  to be  invalid,  prohibited  or  unenforceable.  If,
         notwithstanding the foregoing,  any provision of this Agreement is held
         to be invalid,  prohibited or unenforceable in any  jurisdiction,  such
         provision, as to such jurisdiction,  shall be ineffective to the extent
         of   such   invalidity,   prohibition   or   unenforceability   without
         invalidating  the  remaining  portion  of such  provision  or the other


                                       14
<PAGE>


         provisions  of this  Agreement  and without  affecting  the validity or
         enforceability  of  such  provision  or the  other  provisions  of this
         Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

                  (e) No waiver of any breach or default or any right under this
         Agreement shall be considered valid unless in writing and signed by the
         party giving such  waiver,  and no such waiver shall be deemed a waiver
         of any  subsequent  breach or default or right,  whether of the same or
         similar nature or otherwise.

                  (f) This  Agreement  shall be  binding  upon and  inure to the
         benefit of each party hereto and its successors and assigns.

                  (g) Each party shall take such further  action and execute and
         deliver such further  documents as may be necessary or  appropriate  in
         order to carry out the provisions and purposes of this Agreement.

                  (h)  All  questions  concerning  the  construction,  validity,
         enforcement and  interpretation  of this Agreement shall be governed by
         and construed and enforced in accordance  with the internal laws of the
         State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law
         thereof.   Debtor   agrees   that  all   proceedings   concerning   the
         interpretations,   enforcement   and   defense   of  the   transactions
         contemplated  by this  Agreement  and the  Debenture  (whether  brought
         against  a  party  hereto  or  its  respective  affiliates,  directors,
         officers,  shareholders,  partners, members, employees or agents) shall
         be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the
         City of New York, Borough of Manhattan.  Each Debtor hereby irrevocably
         submits to the exclusive  jurisdiction  of the state and federal courts
         sitting  in  the  City  of New  York,  Borough  of  Manhattan  for  the
         adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with
         any transaction  contemplated  hereby or discussed  herein,  and hereby
         irrevocably  waives,  and agrees not to assert in any  proceeding,  any
         claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
         court,  that such  proceeding  is improper.  Each party  hereto  hereby
         irrevocably  waives personal service of process and consents to process
         being  served in any such  proceeding  by  mailing a copy  thereof  via
         registered or certified  mail or overnight  delivery  (with evidence of
         delivery)  to such party at the  address  in effect  for  notices to it
         under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good
         and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
         herein  shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve  process
         in any manner  permitted by law. Each party hereto  hereby  irrevocably
         waives,  to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all
         right  to  trial  by jury in any  legal  proceeding  arising  out of or
         relating to this Agreement or the transactions  contemplated hereby. If
         any party shall commence a proceeding to enforce any provisions of this
         Agreement,  then  the  prevailing  party  in such  proceeding  shall be
         reimbursed by the other party for its  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and
         other costs and expenses incurred with the  investigation,  preparation
         and prosecution of such proceeding.

                  (i)  This   Agreement   may  be  executed  in  any  number  of
         counterparts,  each of which when so executed  shall be deemed to be an
         original and, all of which taken together shall  constitute one and the
         same Agreement. In the event that any signature is


                                       15
<PAGE>


         delivered  by facsimile  transmission,  such  signature  shall create a
         valid  binding  obligation  of the party  executing (or on whose behalf
         such  signature is executed) the same with the same force and effect as
         if such facsimile signature were the original thereof.

                  (j) Debtor shall  indemnify,  reimburse  and hold harmless the
         Secured Parties and their respective partners,  members,  shareholders,
         officers, directors, employees and agents (collectively, "INDEMNITEES")
         from and  against  any and all losses,  claims,  liabilities,  damages,
         penalties, suits, costs and expenses, of any kind or nature, (including
         fees  relating to the cost of  investigating  and  defending any of the
         foregoing)  imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnitee
         in any way  related  to or  arising  from or alleged to arise from this
         Agreement  or  the   Collateral,   except  any  such  losses,   claims,
         liabilities, damages, penalties, suits, costs and expenses which result
         from the gross  negligence or willful  misconduct of the  Indemnitee as
         determined by a final,  nonappealable  decision of a court of competent
         jurisdiction. This indemnification provision is in addition to, and not
         in  limitation   of,  any  other   indemnification   provision  in  the
         Debentures,  the  Purchase  Agreement  (as such term is  defined in the
         Debentures)  or any  other  agreement,  instrument  or  other  document
         executed or delivered in connection herewith or therewith.


                            [SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]


                                       16
<PAGE>


            IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have caused this  Security
Agreement to be duly executed on the day and year first above written.


                                    TARRANT APPAREL GROUP


                                    By: /s/ Corazon Reyes
                                        ------------------------------
                                        Name:  Corazon Reyes
                                        Title: Chief Financial Officer





                       [SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]


                                       17
<PAGE>


             [SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO TAGS SECURITY AGREEMENT]

Name of Investing Entity:  G. Tyler Runnels or Jasmine Niklas Runnels TTEES The
                           Runnels Family Trust DTD 1-11-2000
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ G. Tyler Runnels
                                                       --------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: G. Tyler Runnels
Title of Authorized Signatory: Trustee


Name of Investing Entity:  High Tide, LLC
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ G. Tyler Runnels
                                                       --------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: G. Tyler Runnels
Title of Authorized Signatory: Manager


Name of Investing Entity:  Bear Stearns Securities Corp. Custodian FBO J. Steven
                           Emerson IRA II
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ J. Steven Emerson
                                                       ---------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: J. Steven Emerson
Title of Authorized Signatory: Sole Ben., Self Directed IRA


Name of Investing Entity:  Bear Stearns Securities Corp. Custodian FBO J. Steven
                           Emerson Roth IRA
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ J. Steven Emerson
                                                       ---------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: J. Steven Emerson
Title of Authorized Signatory: Sole Ben., Self Directed IRA


Name of Investing Entity:  Bristol Investment Fund, Ltd.
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ Paul Kessler
                                                       ----------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: Paul Kessler
Title of Authorized Signatory: Director


Name of Investing Entity:  MM & B Holdings, a California general partnership
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ Bryan Ezralow
                                                       -----------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: Brian Ezralow, TTEE of the Bryan Ezralow 1994
                              Trust
Title of Authorized Signatory: General Partner


Name of Investing Entity:  Freedman Leff Investment Partnership


                                       18
<PAGE>


SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ David Leff, Trustee
                                                       -----------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: David Leff as Trustee of the David Leff Family
                              Trust
Title of Authorized Signatory: General Partner


Name of Investing Entity:  Bank Insinger de Beaufort Safe Custody NV
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ David Mun-Gavin
                                                       -------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: David Mun-Gavin
Title of Authorized Signatory: Director of Private Banking


Name of Investing Entity:  JMG Triton Offshore Fund, Ltd.
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ Jonathan Glaser
                                                       -------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: Jonathan Glaser
Title of Authorized Signatory: Member Manager of the Investment Manager


Name of Investing Entity:  JMB Capital Partners L.P.
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ Cyrus (Illegible)
                                                       ---------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: Cyrus (Illegible)
Title of Authorized Signatory: Analyst


Name of Investing Entity:  JMG Capital Partners
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: /s/ Jonathan Glaser
                                                       -------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: Jonathan Glaser
Title of Authorized Signatory: Member Manager of the GP


                                       19
<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT A

                             INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT


                                       20
<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE A


Principal Place of Business of Debtor:

         3151 East Washington Boulevard
         Los Angeles, California 90023

Locations Where Collateral is Located or Stored:

         3151 East Washington Boulevard
         Los Angeles, California 90023


                                       21
<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE B


1.       Tarrant Company Limited  ("TCL"),  Marble Limited ("ML") and Trade Link
         Holdings  Limited  ("TLHL" and together with TCL and ML,  collectively,
         "Tarrant  Subsidiaries"  and  each,  a  "Tarrant  Subsidiary"),  each a
         corporation  organized  under the laws of Hong  Kong,  and UPS  Capital
         Global Trade Finance Corporation ("UPS") are each party to that certain
         Syndicated Letter of Credit Facility Agreement dated June 13, 2002 (the
         "UPS Credit  Facility")  pursuant to which UPS has extended a revolving
         letter of credit  facility  to  Tarrant  Subsidiaries  to  finance  the
         purchase and  processing of certain  inventory from time to time by, or
         for the benefit of,  Tarrant  Subsidiaries.  The Company  executed  and
         delivered that certain Guaranty and Security  Agreement dated as of May
         30, 2002,  in favor of UPS,  guaranteeing  the  obligations  of Tarrant
         Subsidiaries  to  UPS  arising  under  the  UPS  Credit  Facility  (the
         "Guaranteed  UPS  Obligations")  and,  to  secure  the  Guaranteed  UPS
         Obligations,  each of Tarrant and certain other controlled subsidiaries
         of Tarrant has granted  therein in favor of UPS a security  interest in
         certain  of its  personal  property  as more  fully  set  forth  in the
         Guaranty and Security Agreement.

2.       GMAC  Commercial  Finance LLC  ("GMAC"),  the Company and certain other
         controlled  subsidiaries  of the Company  are  parties to that  certain
         Factoring  Agreement effective as of September 29, 2004 (the "Factoring
         Agreement").  To  secure  its  obligations  pursuant  to the  Factoring
         Agreement,  the Company and its controlled subsidiaries a party thereto
         each  granted in favor of GMAC,  a security  interest in certain of its
         accounts receivable and related personal property.

The security interest granted in favor of UPS and GMAC is senior to the security
interests granted to the purchasers of debentures under the Securities  Purchase
Agreement and related agreements.


                                       22
<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE C


1.       Secretary of State of the State of California



                                       23
<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE D

                      Organizational Identification Number

                                    C1446349



                                       24
<PAGE>

                                     ANNEX A
                                       TO
                                    SECURITY
                                    AGREEMENT

                                    THE AGENT

                  1.  APPOINTMENT.  The Secured Parties (all  capitalized  terms
         used  herein  and not  otherwise  defined  shall  have  the  respective
         meanings  provided in the  Security  Agreement to which this Annex A is
         attached (the "AGREEMENT")), by their acceptance of the benefits of the
         Agreement, hereby designate T.R. Winston & Company (the "Agent") as the
         Agent to act as  specified  herein and in the  Agreement.  Each Secured
         Party shall be deemed  irrevocably  to authorize the Agent to take such
         action on its behalf  under the  provisions  of the  Agreement  and any
         other Transaction  Document (as such term is defined in the Debentures)
         and to exercise  such powers and to perform such duties  hereunder  and
         thereunder as are specifically delegated to or required of the Agent by
         the terms  hereof and thereof and such other  powers as are  reasonably
         incidental  thereto.  The Agent may perform any of its duties hereunder
         by or through its agents or employees.

                  2.  NATURE  OF  DUTIES.  The  Agent  shall  have no  duties or
         responsibilities  except those  expressly  set forth in the  Agreement.
         Neither  the  Agent  nor any of its  partners,  members,  shareholders,
         officers, directors, employees or agents shall be liable for any action
         taken or omitted by it as such under the  Agreement  or hereunder or in
         connection herewith or therewith, be responsible for the consequence of
         any oversight or error of judgment or answerable  for any loss,  unless
         caused solely by its or their gross  negligence  or willful  conduct as
         determined  by a final  judgment  (not subject to further  appeal) of a
         court of  competent  jurisdiction.  The  duties of the  Agent  shall be
         mechanical and  administrative  in nature;  the Agent shall not have by
         reason of the Agreement or any other  Transaction  Document a fiduciary
         relationship in respect of any Debtor or any Secured Party; and nothing
         in the  Agreement  or any  other  Transaction  Document,  expressed  or
         implied,  is intended to or shall be so construed as to impose upon the
         Agent  any  obligations  in  respect  of the  Agreement  or  any  other
         Transaction Document except as expressly set forth herein and therein.

                  3. LACK OF  RELIANCE ON THE AGENT.  Independently  and without
         reliance  upon the Agent,  each Secured  Party,  to the extent it deems
         appropriate,   has  made  and  shall  continue  to  make  (i)  its  own
         independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of the
         Company and its  subsidiaries  in connection  with such Secured Party's
         investment  in  the  Debtor,   the  creation  and  continuance  of  the
         Obligations,   the   transactions   contemplated   by  the  Transaction
         Documents,  and the taking or not  taking of any  action in  connection
         therewith,  and (ii) its own appraisal of the  creditworthiness  of the
         Company and its  subsidiaries,  and of the value of the Collateral from
         time to  time,  and the  Agent  shall  have no duty or  responsibility,
         either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Secured Party
         with any credit,  market or other  information  with  respect  thereto,
         whether coming into its possession  before any Obligations are incurred
         or at any time or times thereafter.  The Agent shall not be responsible
         to the  Debtor  or any  Secured  Party  for any  recitals,  statements,
         information,  representations  or warranties herein or in any document,
         certificate or other writing delivered in connection  herewith,  or for
         the execution,


                                       25
<PAGE>


         effectiveness,   genuineness,  validity,  enforceability,   perfection,
         collectibility,  priority or  sufficiency of the Agreement or any other
         Transaction  Document,  or for the financial condition of the Debtor or
         the value of any of the Collateral,  or be required to make any inquiry
         concerning  either the  performance  or observance of any of the terms,
         provisions  or  conditions  of the  Agreement or any other  Transaction
         Document, or the financial condition of the Debtor, or the value of any
         of the  Collateral,  or the  existence  or  possible  existence  of any
         default or Event of Default under the Agreement,  the Debentures or any
         of the other Transaction Documents.

                  4. CERTAIN RIGHTS OF THE AGENT. The Agent shall have the right
         to take any action with respect to the Collateral,  on behalf of all of
         the Secured Parties.  To the extent practical,  the Agent shall request
         instructions  from the Secured Parties with respect to any material act
         or action  (including  failure to act) in connection with the Agreement
         or any other  Transaction  Document,  and shall be  entitled  to act or
         refrain  from acting in  accordance  with the  instructions  of Secured
         Parties holding a majority in principal amount of Debentures  (based on
         then-outstanding  principal  amounts of  Debentures  at the time of any
         such determination);  if such instructions are not provided despite the
         Agent's request  therefor,  the Agent shall be entitled to refrain from
         such act or taking such action,  and if such action is taken,  shall be
         entitled to  appropriate  indemnification  from the Secured  Parties in
         respect of actions  to be taken by the Agent;  and the Agent  shall not
         incur  liability  to any  person or entity by reason of so  refraining.
         Without  limiting the  foregoing,  (a) no Secured  Party shall have any
         right of action  whatsoever  against the Agent as a result of the Agent
         acting or refraining from acting hereunder in accordance with the terms
         of the  Agreement  or any other  Transaction  Document,  and the Debtor
         shall have no right to question or challenge  the  authority of, or the
         instructions  given to, the Agent pursuant to the foregoing and (b) the
         Agent shall not be required to take any action which the Agent believes
         (i) could reasonably be expected to expose it to personal  liability or
         (ii) is  contrary  to this  Agreement,  the  Transaction  Documents  or
         applicable law.

                  5. RELIANCE. The Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be
         fully  protected  in relying,  upon any  writing,  resolution,  notice,
         statement,   certificate,   telex,   teletype  or  telecopier  message,
         cablegram,  radiogram,  order or other  document or  telephone  message
         signed,  sent or made by the proper person or entity, and, with respect
         to  all  legal  matters  pertaining  to the  Agreement  and  the  other
         Transaction Documents and its duties thereunder, upon advice of counsel
         selected by it and upon all other matters  pertaining to this Agreement
         and the other  Transaction  Documents and its duties  thereunder,  upon
         advice of other experts selected by it.

                  6.  INDEMNIFICATION.  To the  extent  that  the  Agent  is not
         reimbursed  and  indemnified  by the Debtor,  the Secured  Parties will
         jointly and severally  reimburse and indemnify the Agent, in proportion
         to  their  initially   purchased   respective   principal   amounts  of
         Debentures,  from and  against  any and all  liabilities,  obligations,
         losses, damages, penalties,  actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses
         or disbursements of any kind or nature  whatsoever which may be imposed
         on, incurred by or asserted  against the Agent in performing its duties
         hereunder or under the Agreement or any other Transaction  Document, or
         in any way  relating  to or arising out of the  Agreement  or any other
         Transaction  Document  except for those  determined by a final judgment
         (not subject to further appeal) of a court of competent jurisdiction to
         have resulted  solely from the Agent's own gross  negligence or willful
         misconduct.  Prior to taking any action  hereunder as Agent,  the Agent
         may require each Secured Party to deposit with it sufficient


                                       26
<PAGE>


         sums as it  determines  in good faith is necessary to protect the Agent
         for costs and expenses associated with taking such action.

                  7. RESIGNATION BY THE AGENT.

                  (a) The  Agent  may  resign  from the  performance  of all its
         functions  and duties  under the  Agreement  and the other  Transaction
         Documents  at any time by  giving 30 days'  prior  written  notice  (as
         provided in the Agreement) to the Debtor and the Secured Parties.  Such
         resignation shall take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent
         pursuant to clauses (b) and (c) below.

                  (b) Upon any such notice of resignation,  the Secured Parties,
         acting by a Majority  in  Interest,  shall  appoint a  successor  Agent
         hereunder.

                  (c) If a  successor  Agent  shall not have  been so  appointed
         within said  30-day  period,  the Agent shall then  appoint a successor
         Agent who shall serve as Agent until such time,  if any, as the Secured
         Parties  appoint a successor  Agent as provided  above.  If a successor
         Agent has not been appointed  within such 30-day period,  the Agent may
         petition  any court of competent  jurisdiction  or may  interplead  the
         Debtor and the Secured Parties in a proceeding for the appointment of a
         successor  Agent,  and  all  fees,  including,   but  not  limited  to,
         extraordinary  fees  associated  with the  filing of  interpleader  and
         expenses  associated  therewith,  shall be  payable  by the  Debtor  on
         demand.

                  8. RIGHTS  WITH  RESPECT TO  COLLATERAL.  Each  Secured  Party
         agrees with all other  Secured  Parties and the Agent (i) that it shall
         not, and shall not attempt to,  exercise any rights with respect to its
         security  interest  in the  Collateral,  whether  pursuant to any other
         agreement or otherwise (other than pursuant to this Agreement), or take
         or institute  any action  against the Agent or any of the other Secured
         Parties in respect of the  Collateral  or its rights  hereunder  (other
         than any such action  arising  from the breach of this  Agreement)  and
         (ii) that such  Secured  Party has no other  rights with respect to the
         Collateral  other  than as set  forth in this  Agreement  and the other
         Transaction Documents.


                                       27

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.3

                             INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT

         INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT  ("AGREEMENT"),  dated as of December 14, 2004,
among GMAC COMMERCIAL  FINANCE LLC ("GMAC CF"), UPS CAPITAL GLOBAL TRADE FINANCE
CORPORATION  ("UPS"),  T.R.  Winston  &  Company,  as agent  (in such  capacity,
"AGENT") for itself and the subordinated secured lenders party to the Debentures
referred to below (such subordinated secured lenders, the "DEBENTURE  HOLDERS"),
and TARRANT  APPAREL GROUP (d/b/a Fashion  Resource),  a California  corporation
("TARRANT").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:
                               - - - - - - - - - -

         WHEREAS,  GMAC CF, Tarrant,  FASHION RESOURCE (TCL), INC., a California
corporation  ("FR"),  TAG MEX, INC., a California  corporation  ("MEX"),  UNITED
APPAREL  VENTURES,  LLC, a  California  limited  liability  company  ("United"),
PRIVATE  BRANDS,  INC., a California  corporation  ("PRIVATE  BRANDS"),  and NO!
JEANS, INC. ("NO! JEANS"), a California corporation (collectively,  the "GMAC CF
OBLIGORS")  have agreed to amend and restate the prior GMAC CF Credit  Agreement
in its entirety as set forth in that certain Factoring Agreement effective as of
September  29, 2004 (as amended,  restated,  modified or otherwise  supplemented
from time to time, the "GMAC CF FACTORING Agreement"); and

         WHEREAS,  to secure its  obligations  pursuant to the GMAC CF Factoring
Agreement,  Tarrant and the other GMAC CF Obligors each granted in favor of GMAC
CF, a security  interest in certain of its  personal  property as more fully set
forth hereafter; and

         WHEREAS,  Tarrant  Company Limited  ("TCL"),  Marble Limited ("ML") and
Trade Link Holdings Limited ("TLHL" and together with TCL and ML,  collectively,
"TARRANT  SUBSIDIARIES"  and each, a "TARRANT  SUBSIDIARY"),  each a corporation
organized  under the laws of Hong Kong,  and UPS are each party to that  certain
Syndicated  Letter of Credit  Facility  Agreement  dated June 13, 2002 (the "UPS
CREDIT  FACILITY")  pursuant  to which UPS has  extended a  revolving  letter of
credit  facility to Tarrant  Subsidiaries to finance the purchase and processing
of  certain  inventory  from time to time by,  or for the  benefit  of,  Tarrant
Subsidiaries; and

         WHEREAS, each of Tarrant and FR has executed and delivered that certain
Guaranty  and  Security  Agreement  dated as of May 30,  2002,  in favor of UPS,
guaranteeing  the  obligations of Tarrant  Subsidiaries to UPS arising under the
UPS Credit  Facility  (the  "GUARANTEED  UPS  OBLIGATIONS")  and,  to secure the
Guaranteed  UPS  Obligations,  each of Tarrant  and FR  (collectively,  the "UPS
OBLIGORS") has granted therein in favor of UPS a security interest in certain of
its personal property as more fully set forth hereafter; and

         WHEREAS,   GMAC  CF,  UPS,   Tarrant,   and  certain  other  controlled
subsidiaries  of  Tarrant  are  parties to that  certain  Amended  and  Restated
Intercreditor  Agreement  dated  as of  December  13,  2004  (the  "GMAC  CF/UPS
INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT"); and

         WHEREAS,  in  connection  with the  issuance  and sale by Tarrant of 6%
Secured Convertible  Debentures due December 14, 2007, in the original aggregate
principal amount of $10,000,000 (the "DEBENTURES"), which Debentures are secured
by a subordinated  security interest in the Subordinated  Collateral (as defined
below), GMAC CF, UPS, Agent and Tarrant have agreed to enter into this Agreement
as set forth herein;

         NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:


<PAGE>


         SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS.  As used herein (except as otherwise  expressly
provided), the following terms shall have the meanings herein specified. Defined
terms in this Agreement  shall include in the singular  number the plural and in
the plural  number the  singular.  All terms  defined in the Uniform  Commercial
Code,  unless  otherwise  defined  herein,  shall  have the  meanings  set forth
therein.

         "BUSINESS DAY" means any day other than a day on which commercial banks
are authorized or required to close in Atlanta, Georgia or New York, New York.

         "COLLATERAL"  means,  collectively,  the GMAC CF Collateral and the UPS
Collateral.

         "CREDITORS"  means GMAC CF, UPS, Agent and the Debenture  Holders,  and
their respective successors and assigns.

         "DEBTOR" shall mean Tarrant, any GMAC CF Obligor or any UPS Obligor.

         "GMAC CF COLLATERAL" has the meaning set forth on SCHEDULE 1 hereto.

         "GMAC CF DEBT" means all  indebtedness,  obligations and liabilities of
any GMAC CF Obligor, direct or indirect,  absolute or contingent,  to GMAC CF or
in  connection  with any of the GMAC CF Loan  Documents  until  the  irrevocable
payment in full of all principal, interest and other amounts thereunder, in each
case  including,  without  limitation,  interest  accruing  from and  after  the
commencement of a voluntary or involuntary  bankruptcy proceeding whether or not
such interest is paid or payable to the applicable Creditor.

         "GMAC CF LOAN DOCUMENTS" shall mean collectively, the GMAC CF Factoring
Agreement and all  agreements,  documents and  instruments  at any time executed
and/or  delivered  by  Tarrant  or any of the  subsidiaries  of  Tarrant a party
thereto  or any  other  person  to,  with or in favor  of GMAC CF in  connection
therewith or related thereto, as all of the foregoing now exist or may hereafter
be amended, modified, supplemented, extended, renewed, restated or replaced from
time to time.

         "INSOLVENCY  PROCEEDING"  shall  mean,  as to  any  Debtor  any  of the
following,  occurring  after the date hereof:  (a) any case or  proceeding  with
respect to such Person under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, any other federal,  state
or  provincial  bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization  or other law affecting
creditors'  rights  generally or any other or similar  proceedings  of any other
jurisdiction  or  otherwise  seeking  any  stay,  reorganization,   arrangement,
liquidation,  dissolution,  composition or  readjustment  of the obligations and
indebtedness of such Person or (b) any proceeding seeking the appointment of any
receiver,  administrative  receiver,  receiver and manager,  examiner,  judicial
custodian,  trustee,  liquidator,  official  manager,  administrator  or similar
official  for such  Person or any  material  part of its  properties  or (c) any
proceedings for liquidation,  dissolution or other winding up of the business of
such Person or (d) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets or capital
stock of such Person or (e) any  assignment  for the benefit of creditors or any
marshaling of assets of such Person.


                                       2
<PAGE>


         "LOAN AGREEMENTS" means the GMAC CF Factoring Agreement, the UPS Credit
Facility, and the Debentures.

         "LOAN  DOCUMENTS"  means  the  GMAC CF  Loan  Documents,  the UPS  Loan
Documents, and the Subordinated Loan Documents.

         "OBLIGATIONS"  means all  indebtedness,  obligations and liabilities of
any Person, direct or indirect,  absolute or contingent, to any of the Creditors
or in connection with any of the Loan Documents until the irrevocable payment in
full of all  principal,  interest  and other  amounts  thereunder,  in each case
including, without limitation, interest accruing from and after the commencement
of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceeding whether or not such interest
is paid or payable to the applicable Creditor.

         "PERSON" or "PERSON" shall mean any  individual,  sole  proprietorship,
partnership,  corporation (including,  without imitation,  any corporation which
elects subchapter S status under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended),
limited  liability  company,  limited  liability  partnership,  business  trust,
unincorporated association,  joint stock company, trust, joint venture, or other
entity  or  any  government  or  any  agency  or  instrumentality  or  political
subdivision thereof.

         "SENIOR CREDITORS" shall mean individually and collectively GMAC CF and
UPS.

         "SENIOR DEBT" shall mean individually and collectively the GMAC CF Debt
and the UPS Debt.

         "SUBORDINATED  COLLATERAL"  has the  meaning  set forth on  SCHEDULE  3
hereto.

         "SUBORDINATED  CREDITORS" shall mean  individually and collectively the
Agent and the Debenture Holders.

         "SUBORDINATED  INDEBTEDNESS"  means all  indebtedness,  obligations and
liabilities  of Tarrant,  direct or  indirect,  absolute or  contingent,  to the
Subordinated  Creditors  or in  connection  with  any of the  Subordinated  Loan
Documents until the irrevocable  payment in full of all principal,  interest and
other amounts thereunder, in each case including,  without limitation,  interest
accruing  from  and  after  the  commencement  of  a  voluntary  or  involuntary
bankruptcy  proceeding  whether or not such  interest  is paid or payable to the
Subordinated Creditors.

         "SUBORDINATED LOAN DOCUMENTS" shall mean, collectively,  the Debentures
and all  agreements,  documents  and  instruments  at any time  executed  and/or
delivered by Tarrant to, with or in favor of the Debenture Holders or the Agent,
for the ratable benefit of the Debenture Holders,  in connection with or related
to the Debentures,  other than the Registration Rights Agreement with respect to
the shares of Common Stock  underlying the  Debentures,  as all of the foregoing
now  exist  or may  hereafter  be  amended,  modified,  supplemented,  extended,
renewed, restated or replaced from time to time as permitted by this Agreement.

         "SUBSIDIARY  STOCK" shall mean all of the issued and outstanding shares
of stock of a any Debtor (other than Tarrant), directly or indirectly,  owned or
controlled, by Tarrant.


                                       3
<PAGE>


         "UCC" or "UNIFORM  COMMERCIAL  CODE" shall mean the Uniform  Commercial
Code as the same  may,  from  time to time,  be  enacted  and in  effect  in any
applicable jurisdiction.

         "UPS COLLATERAL" has the meaning set forth on SCHEDULE 2 hereto.

         "UPS DEBT" means all  indebtedness,  obligations and liabilities of any
UPS Obligor, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, to UPS or in connection
with any of the UPS Loan Documents until the irrevocable  payment in full of all
principal,  interest  and other  amounts  thereunder,  in each  case  including,
without  limitation,  interest  accruing  from and after the  commencement  of a
voluntary or involuntary  bankruptcy  proceeding whether or not such interest is
paid or payable to the applicable Creditor.

         "UPS LOAN DOCUMENTS" shall mean  collectively,  the UPS Credit Facility
and all  agreements,  documents  and  instruments  at any time  executed  and/or
delivered by Tarrant,  any of the  subsidiaries  of Tarrant a party thereto,  or
Tarrant  Subsidiaries or any other person to, with or in favor of UPS, as all of
the  foregoing now exist or may  hereafter be amended,  modified,  supplemented,
extended, renewed, restated or replaced from time to time.

         SECTION 2.  CONSENT;  PRIORITY OF LIENS;  ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS  OF SECURITY
INTEREST; EXISTING AGREEMENT.

         (a)      CONSENT.   Notwithstanding   any  negative   pledge  or  other
restriction  in the GMAC CF Loan  Documents or the UPS Loan  Documents,  each of
GMAC  CF and  UPS  hereby  consents  to  the  transactions  contemplated  by the
Subordinated  Loan  Documents  including  the loans to Tarrant  evidenced by the
Debentures and the lien and pledge of the Subordinated  Collateral by Tarrant in
favor of Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Debenture Holders.

         (b)      PRIORITY OF LIENS.

                  (i)      Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary  including,
         without  limitation,  the date, time,  manner or order of perfection or
         attachment  of the  security  interests  and  liens  on the  Collateral
         granted  by  Tarrant  to  either  of  the  Senior   Creditors   or  the
         Subordinated  Creditors,  and  notwithstanding the usual application of
         the  priority  provisions  of the UCC or any  other  applicable  law or
         judicial  decision of any  jurisdiction,  or whether  any  Subordinated
         Creditor holds possession of all or any part of the Collateral, or if a
         Secured Creditor or a Subordinated Creditor is perfected without filing
         or possession in any part of the  Collateral,  the parties hereto agree
         that the Lien in  favor  of GMAC CF on the GMAC CF  Collateral  and the
         Lien in favor of UPS on the UPS Collateral  shall be first,  senior and
         prior security interests and Liens on the Collateral, prior in interest
         and  superior  to  the  Lien  of  the  Subordinated  Creditors  on  the
         Subordinated Collateral.

                  (ii)     No Subordinated  Creditor shall contest the validity,
         perfection or enforceability of the Liens on the GMAC CF Collateral and
         the UPS  Collateral or any other Lien or security  interest  granted to
         any Senior  Creditor by Tarrant or any other Debtor,  or any payment on
         the GMAC CF Debt or the UPS Debt or the  allowance  of the GMAC CF Debt
         or the UPS Debt as a senior  secured  claim,  and  Agent,  on behalf of
         Agent and the Debenture Holders,


                                       4
<PAGE>


         agrees  to  cooperate  in the  defense  of any  action  contesting  the
         validity,  perfection  or  enforceability  of such  Liens  or  security
         interests or such payment or allowance.

         (c)      ACKNOWLEDGMENTS.   Agent,  for  the  ratable  benefit  of  the
Debenture  Holders,  shall hold no lien or have any security  interest in any of
the GMAC CF  Collateral  or UPS  Collateral  or any  other  assets  of  Tarrant,
including any Subsidiary  Stock, or any other Debtor except for the Subordinated
Collateral.

         (d)      EXISTING INTERCREDITOR  AGREEMENT.  Nothing herein is intended
to,  and shall  not,  amend or modify  the terms of the  Existing  Intercreditor
Agreement  or the rights and  obligations  of GMAC CF and UPS,  as between  such
parties, under the Existing Intercreditor Agreement.

         SECTION 3. OTHER AGREEMENTS.

         (a)      TURNOVER  OF  PROCEEDS.  Agent,  on  behalf  of Agent  and the
Debenture  Holders,  agrees  that it  will  hold  any  proceeds  of any  GMAC CF
Collateral that it may receive for the account of GMAC CF and pay, in like money
and  funds,  any such  amounts  that it may  receive  to GMAC CF  promptly  upon
receipt.  Agent,  on behalf of Agent and the Debenture  Holders,  agrees that it
will hold any proceeds of any UPS Collateral for the account of UPS, and pay, in
like money and funds,  any such amounts that it may receive to UPS promptly upon
receipt.  Notwithstanding any provision of any insurance policy or assignment to
the  contrary,  if Agent,  for the  ratable  benefit of the  Debenture  Holders,
receives any insurance  proceeds paid or payable as a result of casualty,  loss,
theft or other event relating to the GMAC CF  Collateral,  Agent shall hold such
proceeds in trust for GMAC CF and will  promptly  deliver the same to GMAC CF in
the form  received,  accompanied by any necessary  assignments or  endorsements.
Notwithstanding  any  provision of any  insurance  policy or  assignment  to the
contrary,  if Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Debenture Holders,  receives
any insurance  proceeds paid or payable as a result of casualty,  loss, theft or
other event  relating to the UPS  Collateral,  Agent shall hold such proceeds in
trust for UPS and will  promptly  deliver the same to UPS in the form  received,
accompanied by any necessary assignments or endorsements.

         (b)      LIMITATION  ON  DUTIES.  Agent,  on  behalf  of Agent  and the
Debenture Holders,  agrees that neither GMAC CF nor UPS shall have any duties to
Agent or any of the Debenture  Holders  under or in respect of the  Subordinated
Loan Documents.

         (c)      RIGHTS TO DEAL WITH COLLATERAL.  Agent, on behalf of Agent and
the Debenture Holders,  agrees that (i) UPS shall be entitled to sell,  transfer
or otherwise  dispose of or deal with the UPS  Collateral as provided in the UPS
Credit  Facility,  and (ii)  GMAC CF  shall be  entitled  to sell,  transfer  or
otherwise dispose of or deal with the GMAC CF Collateral as provided in the GMAC
CF  Factoring  Agreement.  Upon request of GMAC CF or UPS,  Agent,  on behalf of
Agent and the  Debenture  Holders,  agrees that it will execute and deliver such
further  documents  (including,  without  limitation,  releases and  termination
statements) in conjunction with the sale,  transfer or other  disposition of any
GMAC CF Collateral or UPS  Collateral,  as applicable,  as shall be necessary or
desirable, in the commercially reasonable opinion of GMAC CF or UPS, in order to
effectuate the disposition of such collateral by such party. Each of Tarrant and
Agent, on behalf of Agent and the Debenture Holders, hereby waives


                                       5
<PAGE>


any rights it may have to require  marshalling of the  Collateral.  Accordingly,
Agent, on behalf of Agent and the Debenture Holders,  hereby agrees that UPS may
liquidate the UPS Collateral in any order in its sole discretion and GMAC CF may
liquidate the GMAC CF Collateral in any order in its sole discretion.

         (d)      AMENDMENT OF LOAN DOCUMENTS. Each Senior Creditor reserves the
right, in its sole discretion (but with any required  consent of Tarrant and any
other party  thereto,  and without  limiting the  obligations  of Tarrant or any
other party under any Loan Document), to amend, waive or otherwise modify any of
the  provisions  of the Loan  Documents  to which it is a party and, in its sole
discretion, to exercise or refrain from exercising any powers or rights which it
may have thereunder.

         (e)      TRANSFERS.  Notwithstanding  any  provision to the contrary in
any Loan  Agreement  and without  limiting  Section 5 hereof,  any  Creditor may
transfer this Agreement or any other Loan Document or all or a portion of any of
its  rights and  obligations  under this  Agreement  or any other Loan  Document
(whether by way of security or otherwise) to one or more  transferees,  provided
that each such transferee  shall have, from and after the effective date of such
transfer,  to the extent of the  interest  transferred,  agreed in writing to be
bound by this Agreement to the same extent as if substituted  for its transferor
hereunder and shall thereby  succeed to and assume the rights and obligations of
such  transferor  under this  Agreement  and the other Loan  Documents,  and the
transferor thereupon shall, to the same extent, be released from its obligations
under this Agreement.

         (f)      CERTAIN  NOTICES BY AGENT.  Agent,  on behalf of Agent and the
Debenture  Holders,  hereby agrees that it shall promptly notify GMAC CF and UPS
of Agent  declaring in writing to Tarrant an Event of Default (as defined in the
Debentures) under the Subordinated Loan Documents.

         (g)      STANDSTILL.

                  (i)      Agent, on behalf of Agent and the Debenture  Holders,
         agrees  that it shall  not  exercise  any  rights  (including,  but not
         limited to,  setoff  rights) nor assert any claims with  respect to the
         Collateral  or the  Subsidiary  Stock,  nor  seek to  foreclose  on its
         security  interests,  nor take any action or institute any proceedings,
         directly or indirectly,  with respect to the Collateral (including, but
         not  limited  to,  commencing  or joining  with any other  creditor  or
         creditors in commencing any Insolvency  Proceeding  against any Debtor)
         until the receipt by Agent,  for the ratable  benefit of the  Debenture
         Holders,  of  notice  from  GMAC CF that  the  GMAC  CF  Obligors  have
         indefeasibly  satisfied  in full the GMAC CF Debt and from UPS that the
         UPS Obligors have indefeasibly satisfied in full the UPS Debt.

                  (ii)     Notwithstanding Section 3(g)(i) (except, with respect
         to clause (C), any actions described in clause (C) shall be subject to,
         and not in  contravention  of, such Section) or any other  provision of
         this  Agreement to the  contrary,  this  Agreement  does not  prohibit,
         restrict  or limit a Debenture  Holder's  right  independently  of, and
         without  the  consent  of, the Agent,  for the  ratable  benefit of the
         Debenture  Holders,  or any other  Lender,  to: (A)  receive  shares of
         Tarrant's Common Stock upon conversion or exercise of the Debentures or
         any  other  securities  issued  in  connection  therewith,  and to seek
         specific  performance  thereof;  or (B) receive


                                       6
<PAGE>


         payments to the extent provided for under Section  3(h)(i)(A) below; or
         (C) seek to collect  the  Subordinated  Indebtedness  or take any other
         action,  including a declaration of default as to, or acceleration  of,
         any  Subordinated  Indebtedness or assertion of any claims or otherwise
         initiating  any  Insolvency   Case,  or  instituting  any  other  legal
         proceeding against Tarrant.

         (h)      SUBORDINATION OF THE SUBORDINATED INDEBTEDNESS.

                  (i)      Tarrant  and  Agent,  on  behalf  of  Agent  and  the
         Debenture  Holders,  agree in favor of Senior  Creditors that until all
         Senior Debt is indefeasibly paid and satisfied in full:

                           (A)      Tarrant shall not,  directly or  indirectly,
                  make, and Agent, on behalf of Agent and the Debenture Holders,
                  agrees that it shall not,  directly or  indirectly,  accept or
                  receive,   any  payment  of   principal  or  interest  or  any
                  prepayment or non-mandatory payment or any payment pursuant to
                  acceleration  or claims of breach or to  acquire  Subordinated
                  Indebtedness  or  otherwise  in  respect  of any  Subordinated
                  Indebtedness;  except that, so long as no Event of Default, or
                  event  which with the giving of  notice,  passage of time,  or
                  both,  would  constitute  an  Event  of  Default,  shall  have
                  occurred  and be  continuing  under the terms of either of the
                  GMAC CF Loan  Documents  or UPS  Loan  Documents  or  would be
                  caused  thereby,   Agent,  for  the  ratable  benefit  of  the
                  Debenture  Holders,  and the Debenture Holders may collect and
                  receive   and  Tarrant   may  pay  (1)   regularly   scheduled
                  installments  on a quarterly  basis of interest at a per annum
                  rate of 6%,  as they  become  due  (but  not in  advance,  and
                  without  acceleration),  (2) payment of liquidated damages and
                  fees pursuant to the terms of the Debenture or the transaction
                  documents entered into in connection therewith,  and (3) after
                  indefeasible payment of the Senior Debt, principal at maturity
                  of the Debentures in accordance  with the terms and conditions
                  of the Debentures;

                           (B)      Tarrant  shall not  grant to Agent,  for the
                  ratable benefit of the Debenture Holders, and Agent, on behalf
                  of Agent and the Debenture  Holders,  agrees that it shall not
                  acquire  any  additional  collateral  or  guarantees  for  any
                  Subordinated Indebtedness; and

                           (C)      Tarrant and Agent  shall not amend,  modify,
                  alter or  change  the  terms of any of the  Subordinated  Loan
                  Documents   or  any   other   arrangements   related   to  the
                  Subordinated  Indebtedness,  without the prior written consent
                  of Senior Creditors;

                  (ii)     A legend shall be written by Agent on any  instrument
         at any time evidencing the Subordinated Indebtedness to the effect that
         it is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

                  (iii)    Should any payment of or  distribution  on account of
         any  Subordinated  Indebtedness be received or collected by Agent,  for
         the  ratable  benefit of the  Debenture  Holders,  to the  extent  such
         payment or  distribution  was not permitted  under  Section  3(h)(i)(A)
         hereof, such payment shall be held in trust by Agent for the benefit of
         Senior  Creditors and shall be delivered  forthwith to Senior Creditors
         for application to Senior Debt, in the form received with any necessary
         endorsement or assignment. Such payment shall be split among the Senior
         Creditors on a 50/50 basis.

                  (vi)     Tarrant  and  Agent,  on  behalf  of  Agent  and  the
         Debenture  Holders,   waive  notice  of  acceptance  hereof  by  Senior
         Creditors,  and waive  notice of and  consent  to the  creation


                                       7
<PAGE>


         of any Senior Debt,  extensions granted or other action taken by Senior
         Creditors in reliance hereon,  the acquisition or release of collateral
         for or guarantors  of the payment of Senior Debt,  the releasing of any
         other  subordinating  creditor,  if applicable.  Tarrant and Agent,  on
         behalf of Agent and the Debenture Holders,  waive demand,  presentment,
         protest, notice of protest and of default and any and all other notices
         (except as  expressly  provided  for herein) to which any of them might
         otherwise be entitled.

         (i)      INSOLVENCY. This Agreement shall be applicable both before and
after the  commencement  of any Insolvency  Proceeding by or against Tarrant and
all converted and succeeding cases in respect thereof.  The relative rights,  as
provided for in this  Agreement,  shall continue after the  commencement  of any
such case on the same basis as prior to the date of the commencement of any such
case, as provided in this  Agreement,  subject to any court order  approving the
financing of or use of cash collateral by Tarrant, as debtor-in-possession.

         SECTION 4. NOTICES. All notices, requests,  consents, demands and other
communications to or upon the respective  parties hereto shall be in writing and
telecopied  or delivered to the intended  recipient at its "Address for Notices"
specified  below its name on the signature pages hereof or at such other address
as shall be  designated  by such  party in a notice  to the other  parties.  All
notices,  requests or demands  required to be made or given  hereunder  shall be
deemed to have been duly given or made: if by hand,  immediately  upon delivery;
if by certified mail, return receipt requested,  five (5) days after mailing; if
by  overnight  delivery  service,  one  day  after  dispatch;  or if  by  telex,
telecopier (fax) or telegram, immediately upon receipt.

         SECTION 5. BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT;  OBLIGATIONS  SEVERAL.  This Agreement
shall be  binding  upon and inure to the  benefit of and be  enforceable  by the
respective  successors  and  permitted  assigns of the  parties  hereto.  By its
consent to the provisions of this  Agreement,  Tarrant agrees to be bound by the
provisions  hereof.  The obligations of each of the parties under this Agreement
are several and not joint, it being  expressly  agreed that no Creditor shall be
liable  for the  failure  of any  other  Creditor  to  perform  its  obligations
hereunder.

         SECTION 6. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement and the rights and obligations
of the parties  hereunder  shall be construed in accordance with and be governed
by the law of the State of New York. Any legal action or proceeding with respect
to this  Agreement may be brought in any state or superior  court located in New
York  County,  New York or any court of the  United  States of  America  for the
Southern  District of New York and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement,
each party  hereto  hereby  accepts  for itself and in respect of its  property,
generally and unconditionally,  the non-exclusive  jurisdiction of the aforesaid
courts.

         SECTION 7. WAIVER OF JURY  TRIAL.  EACH OF THE  PARTIES  HERETO  HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY  WAIVES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, TRIAL BY JURY
IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT.

         SECTION 8.  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts  and by the different  parties hereto on separate  counterparts,
each of which when so executed and  delivered  shall be an original,  but all of
which shall  together  constitute  one and the same  instrument.  Any signatures
delivered by a party by facsimile transmission or by e-mail


                                       8
<PAGE>


transmission  of an adobe file format  document (also known as a PDF file) shall
be deemed an original signature hereto.

         SECTION 9. EFFECTIVENESS.  This Agreement shall become effective on the
date on which all of the parties hereto shall have signed a copy hereof (whether
the same or different copies) and shall have delivered the same to the Creditors
at their addresses set forth below.  This Agreement shall remain effective until
all Obligations are irrevocably paid in full, provided that once the Obligations
owed to any Creditor  shall have been  irrevocably  paid in full,  such Creditor
shall have no further rights hereunder.

         SECTION 10. HEADINGS DESCRIPTIVE.  The headings of the several sections
of this  Agreement  are inserted for  convenience  only and shall not in any way
affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.

         SECTION  11.  AMENDMENT  OR  WAIVER.  This  Agreement  may be  amended,
changed,  waived,  discharged or terminated  with the written consent of each of
the parties  hereto,  provided that no consent of any Creditor shall be required
if all  Obligations  to that  Creditor  have  been  paid in full,  are no longer
outstanding and cannot be reborrowed.

         SECTION 12. INCONSISTENT PROVISIONS. If any provision of this Agreement
shall be inconsistent  with, or contrary to, any provision in any Loan Document,
the provision in this Agreement shall be  controlling,  and shall supersede such
inconsistent  provision  to the  extent  necessary  to give  full  effect to all
provisions contained in this Agreement.

         SECTION 13.  SEVERABILITY.  Any  provision of this  Agreement  which is
prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction  shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such  prohibition  or  unenforceability  without
invalidating  the  remaining  provisions  hereof or  affecting  the  validity or
enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.

         SECTION 14.  REPRESENTATION  AND WARRANTY OF AGENT.  Agent  represents,
warrants,  acknowledges  and agrees on behalf of itself and any Debenture Holder
on the date hereof that it is authorized to enter into this  Agreement on behalf
of itself and each Debenture Holder.



                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]


                                       9
<PAGE>


         IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,   the  parties  hereto  have  caused  their  duly
authorized  officers to execute and deliver this  Agreement as of the date first
above written.

                           GMAC COMMERCIAL FINANCE LLC


                           By:          /S/ WES TAKEUCHI
                               ----------------------------------------------
                           Name:        WES TAKEUCHI
                                 --------------------------------------------
                           Title:       SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT
                                  -------------------------------------------

                           ADDRESS FOR NOTICES:
                           -------------------
                           444 South Flower Street
                           Suite 4500
                           Los Angeles, California 90071
                           Attention:  Mr. Wes Takeuchi
                           Telecopy No.: (213) 817-6612

                           WITH A COPY TO:
                           --------------

                           Otterbourg, Steindler, Houston & Rosen, P.C.
                           230 Park Avenue
                           New York, New York 10169
                           Attention:  Mitchell M. Brand, Esq.
                           Telecopy No.:  (212) 682-6104



                     [SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON FOLLOWING PAGE]


                                       10
<PAGE>




                           UPS CAPITAL GLOBAL TRADE
                           FINANCE CORPORATION


                           By:        /S/ JOHN P. HOLLOWAY
                               ----------------------------------------------
                           Name:      JOHN P. HOLLOWAY
                                 --------------------------------------------
                           Title:     DIRECTOR OF PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
                                  -------------------------------------------

                           ADDRESS FOR NOTICES:
                           -------------------
                           35 Glenlake Parkway
                           Atlanta, Georgia  30328
                           Attention:  John P. Holloway
                           Telecopy No.:  (404) 828-3775

                           WITH A COPY TO:
                           --------------
                           Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker LLP
                           600 Peachtree Street, N.E., Suite 2400
                           Atlanta, GA 30308-2222
                           Attention:  Chris D. Molen, Esq.
                           Telecopy No.:  (404) 815-2424


                           T.R. WINSTON & COMPANY

                           By:          /S/ G. TYLER RUNNELS
                               ----------------------------------------------
                           Name:        G. TYLER RUNNELS
                                 --------------------------------------------
                           Title:       CHAIRMAN/CEO
                                  -------------------------------------------

                           ADDRESS FOR NOTICES:
                           -------------------

                           376 Main Street
                           Bedminster, NJ  07921
                           Attention:  President


                           WITH A COPY TO:
                           --------------
                           Feldman Weinstein LLP
                           The Graybar Building
                           420 Lexington Avenue
                           New York, New York 10170-0002
                           Attention:  Robert Charron, Esq.
                           Telecopy No.:  (212) 401 4741


                                       11
<PAGE>


         The  undersigned  hereby  acknowledge  and  agree  to the  terms of the
annexed Intercreditor Agreement this 14th day of December, 2004.

                           TARRANT APPAREL GROUP (d/b/a
                           Fashion Resource)

                           By:               /S/ CORAZON REYES
                               ----------------------------------------------
                           Name:             CORAZON REYES
                                 --------------------------------------------
                           Title:            CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
                                  -------------------------------------------

                           ADDRESS FOR NOTICES:
                           -------------------

                           3151 East Washington Boulevard
                           Los Angeles, California 90023
                           Attention:  Corazon Reyes
                           Telecopy No.:  (323) 881-0332


                                       12
<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE 1

                               GMAC CF COLLATERAL


                  All of each GMAC CF  Obligor's  present  and future  Accounts,
Chattel  Paper  and  Instruments,   and  all  Supporting  Obligations,   General
Intangibles and Documents arising out of or relating to the foregoing;  Retained
Goods;  credit  balances and other  property of such GMAC CF  Obligor's  held or
received by GMAC CF;  rights of stoppage  in  transit,  replevin,  repossession,
reclamation  and other rights and remedies of an unpaid vendor;  and all of such
GMAC CF Obligor's Records relating to and all proceeds of the foregoing property
and rights, but excluding the UPS Collateral. As used in this Schedule:

                  "ACCOUNT" shall have the meaning set forth in the UCC.

                  "CHATTEL PAPER" shall have the meaning set forth in the UCC.

                  "CUSTOMER"  shall mean and  include  the  account  debtor with
respect to any Account and/or the  prospective  purchaser of goods,  services or
both with respect to any contract or contract right, and/or any party who enters
into or proposes to enter into any contract or other  arrangement with a GMAC CF
Obligor,  pursuant  to which such GMAC CF Obligor  is to  deliver  any  personal
property or perform any services.

                  "DOCUMENT" shall have the meaning set forth in the UCC.

                  "GENERAL  INTANGIBLE"  shall have the meaning set forth in the
UCC.

                  "INSTRUMENT" shall have the meaning set forth in the UCC.

                  "INVENTORY" shall have the meaning set forth in the UCC.

                  "RECORDS"  shall mean all of a GMAC CF  Obligor's  present and
future books of account of every kind or nature,  purchase and sale  agreements,
invoices,  ledger  cards,  ledger  sheets,  bills of lading  and other  shipping
evidence, statements, files, correspondence, memoranda, documents, credit files,
business  papers  and  other  data  relating  to the GMAC CF  Collateral  or any
Customer,  together with the computer  software  (whether  owned by such GMAC CF
Obligor  or in which  it has an  interest),  computer  programs,  tapes,  disks,
diskettes and other data and software storage media and devices, computers, file
cabinets  or  containers  in or on which the  foregoing  are stored  (including,
without  limitation,  any of such GMAC CF  Obligor's  rights with respect to the
foregoing maintained with or by any other person).

                  "RETAINED  GOODS"  shall  mean  all  merchandise  returned  or
rejected by Customers or repossessed from Customers  relating to or securing any
of the Accounts.

                  "SUPPORTING  OBLIGATION"  shall have the  meaning set forth in
the UCC.


                                       13
<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE 2

                                 UPS COLLATERAL


1.   Any  and all  Inventory  financed  pursuant  to the  UPS  Credit  Facility,
     acquired directly or indirectly by any UPS Obligor from one or more Tarrant
     Subsidiaries (the "INVENTORY");

2.   That certain deposit account maintained by any UPS Obligor at Union Bank of
     California, N.A., Account Number 2100716472 and any proceeds thereof;

3.   FR's equity interests, direct or indirect, in TCL; and

4.   Proceeds  and  products,  whether  tangible  or  intangible,  of any of the
     foregoing,  including  proceeds  of  insurance  covering  any or all of the
     foregoing, and any and all accounts, books, general intangibles, inventory,
     investment property,  negotiable  collateral,  money, deposit accounts,  or
     other tangible or intangible  property  resulting from the sale,  exchange,
     collection,  or other  disposition of any of the foregoing,  or any portion
     thereof or interest therein, and the proceeds thereof.


                                       14
<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE 3

                             SUBORDINATED COLLATERAL


All of Tarrant's present and future Accounts, Chattel Paper and Instruments, and
all Supporting Obligations,  General Intangibles and Documents arising out of or
relating to the foregoing; Retained Goods; credit balances and other property of
Tarrant  held or  received  by the  Debenture  Holders;  rights of  stoppage  in
transit, replevin, repossession, reclamation and other rights and remedies of an
unpaid vendor;  and all of Tarrant's Records relating to and all proceeds of the
foregoing property and rights but excluding the UPS Collateral.


                                       15

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.4
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.4

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE
HAVE  BEEN  REGISTERED  WITH  THE  SECURITIES  AND  EXCHANGE  COMMISSION  OR THE
SECURITIES   COMMISSION  OF  ANY  STATE  IN  RELIANCE  UPON  AN  EXEMPTION  FROM
REGISTRATION  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OF 1933,  AS AMENDED  (THE  "SECURITIES
ACT"),  AND,  ACCORDINGLY,  MAY NOT BE OFFERED  OR SOLD  EXCEPT  PURSUANT  TO AN
EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
AVAILABLE  EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE  REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS  OF THE  SECURITIES  ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE  WITH  APPLICABLE  STATE
SECURITIES  LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO
SUCH  EFFECT,  THE  SUBSTANCE  OF WHICH SHALL BE  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE  TO THE
COMPANY.  THIS  SECURITY  AND THE  SECURITIES  ISSUABLE  UPON  EXERCISE  OF THIS
SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION  WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN  ACCOUNT OR OTHER
LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

                          COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

                  To Purchase 200,000 Shares of Common Stock of

                              TARRANT APPAREL GROUP

                  THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE  WARRANT (the "WARRANT")  certifies
that,  for value  received,  T.R.  Winston &  Company,  LLC (the  "HOLDER"),  is
entitled,  upon the terms and subject to the  limitations  on  exercise  and the
conditions  hereinafter  set forth,  at any time on or after June 14,  2005 (the
"INITIAL  EXERCISE  DATE") and on or prior to the close of  business on the five
year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date (the  "TERMINATION  Date") but not
thereafter,  to  subscribe  for and  purchase  from  Tarrant  Apparel  Group,  a
California  corporation  (the "COMPANY"),  up to Two Hundred Thousand  (200,000)
shares (the "WARRANT  SHARES") of Common Stock,  no par value per share,  of the
Company (the "COMMON  STOCK").  The purchase  price of one share of Common Stock
under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise  Price,  as defined in Section
2(b).

         SECTION  1.  DEFINITIONS.  Capitalized  terms  used  and not  otherwise
defined  herein shall have the  meanings  set forth in that  certain  Securities
Purchase Agreement (the "PURCHASE AGREEMENT"), dated December 6, 2004, among the
Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

         SECTION 2.   EXERCISE.

                  a)       EXERCISE OF WARRANT.  Exercise of the purchase rights
         represented  by this  Warrant  may be made at any  time or  times on or
         after the Initial  Exercise Date and on or before the Termination  Date
         by  delivery to the Company of a duly  executed  facsimile  copy of the
         Notice of Exercise Form annexed  hereto (or such other office or agency
         of  the  Company  as it may  designate  by  notice  in  writing  to the
         registered  Holder at the address of such Holder appearing on the books
         of the Company);  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER, within 5 Trading Days of the date
         said Notice of Exercise is delivered  to the Company,


<PAGE>


         the Holder shall have  surrendered  this Warrant to the Company and the
         Company shall have received payment of the aggregate  Exercise Price of
         the shares thereby  purchased by wire transfer or cashier's check drawn
         on a United States bank.

                  b)       EXERCISE  PRICE.  The  exercise  price of the  Common
         Stock  under  this  Warrant  shall  be  $2.50,  subject  to  adjustment
         hereunder (the "EXERCISE PRICE").

                  c)       CASHLESS EXERCISE. If at any time after one year from
         the date of issuance of this Warrant there is no effective Registration
         Statement  registering  the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder,
         then  this  Warrant  may also be  exercised  at such time by means of a
         "cashless  exercise" in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a
         certificate  for the number of  Warrant  Shares  equal to the  quotient
         obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

                  (A) =    the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the
                           date of such election;

                  (B) =    the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted; and

                  (X) =    the number of Warrant Shares  issuable upon  exercise
                           of this Warrant in accordance  with the terms of this
                           Warrant  by means of a cash  exercise  rather  than a
                           cashless exercise.

                  Notwithstanding  anything  herein  to  the  contrary,  on  the
         Termination  Date,  this Warrant shall be  automatically  exercised via
         cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2(c).

                  d)       EXERCISE LIMITATIONS.

                           i.       HOLDER'S RESTRICTIONS.  The Holder shall not
                  have the  right  to  exercise  any  portion  of this  Warrant,
                  pursuant  to Section  2(c) or  otherwise,  to the extent  that
                  after  giving  effect to such  issuance  after  exercise,  the
                  Holder (together with the Holder's  affiliates),  as set forth
                  on the applicable Notice of Exercise,  would  beneficially own
                  in excess of 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock
                  outstanding  immediately after giving effect to such issuance.
                  For purposes of the foregoing  sentence,  the number of shares
                  of  Common  Stock  beneficially  owned by the  Holder  and its
                  affiliates  shall include the number of shares of Common Stock
                  issuable  upon  exercise of this Warrant with respect to which
                  the  determination  of such sentence is being made,  but shall
                  exclude  the number of shares of Common  Stock  which would be
                  issuable  upon (A)  exercise  of the  remaining,  nonexercised
                  portion of this  Warrant  beneficially  owned by the Holder or
                  any of its  affiliates  and (B) exercise or  conversion of the
                  unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of
                  the  Company  (including,   without   limitation,   any  other
                  Debentures or Warrants)  subject to a limitation on conversion
                  or  exercise  analogous  to the  limitation  contained  herein
                  beneficially  owned by the  Holder  or any of


                                        2
<PAGE>


                  its affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence,
                  for purposes of this  Section  2(d)(i),  beneficial  ownership
                  shall be calculated  in  accordance  with Section 13(d) of the
                  Exchange Act, it being acknowledged by Holder that the Company
                  is not  representing  to Holder  that such  calculation  is in
                  compliance  with Section  13(d) of the Exchange Act and Holder
                  is solely  responsible for any schedules  required to be filed
                  in  accordance  therewith.  To the extent that the  limitation
                  contained in this Section 2(d)(i) applies,  the  determination
                  of whether this Warrant is  exercisable  (in relation to other
                  securities owned by the Holder) and of which a portion of this
                  Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of such
                  Holder,  and the  submission of a Notice of Exercise  shall be
                  deemed  to be such  Holder's  determination  of  whether  this
                  Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other  securities owned
                  by such  Holder)  and of  which  portion  of this  Warrant  is
                  exercisable, in each case subject to such aggregate percentage
                  limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify
                  or confirm the accuracy of such determination. For purposes of
                  this Section 2(d)(i), in determining the number of outstanding
                  shares of Common  Stock,  the Holder may rely on the number of
                  outstanding  shares of Common  Stock as  reflected  in (x) the
                  Company's  most recent Form 10-Q or Form 10-K, as the case may
                  be, (y) a more recent  public  announcement  by the Company or
                  (z) any other notice by the Company or the Company's  Transfer
                  Agent  setting  forth the  number  of  shares of Common  Stock
                  outstanding.  Upon the written or oral  request of the Holder,
                  the Company  shall within two Trading Days confirm  orally and
                  in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common  Stock
                  then  outstanding.  In any case,  the  number  of  outstanding
                  shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect
                  to the  conversion  or exercise of  securities of the Company,
                  including this Warrant,  by the Holder or its affiliates since
                  the date as of which  such  number  of  outstanding  shares of
                  Common  Stock was  reported.  The  provisions  of this Section
                  2(d)(i) may be waived by the Holder  upon,  at the election of
                  the  Holder,  not  less  than 61  days'  prior  notice  to the
                  Company,  and the  provisions  of this Section  2(d)(i)  shall
                  continue to apply until such 61st day (or such later date,  as
                  determined  by the Holder,  as may be specified in such notice
                  of waiver).

                           ii.      [INTENTIONALLY DELETED]

                  e)       MECHANICS OF EXERCISE.

                           i.       AUTHORIZATION OF WARRANT SHARES. The Company
                  covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the
                  exercise of the purchase  rights  represented  by this Warrant
                  will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this
                  Warrant,  be duly authorized,  validly issued,  fully paid and
                  nonassessable  and free from all taxes,  liens and  charges in
                  respect of the issue  thereof  (other than taxes in respect of
                  any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).


                                       3
<PAGE>


                           ii.      DELIVERY  OF  CERTIFICATES   UPON  EXERCISE.
                  Certificates   for  shares   purchased   hereunder   shall  be
                  transmitted by the transfer agent of the Company to the Holder
                  by crediting the account of the Holder's prime broker with the
                  Depository Trust Company through its Deposit  Withdrawal Agent
                  Commission  ("DWAC") system if the Company is a participant in
                  such system, and otherwise by physical delivery to the address
                  specified  by the  Holder in the Notice of  Exercise  within 3
                  Trading Days from the delivery to the Company of the Notice of
                  Exercise  Form,  surrender  of this Warrant and payment of the
                  aggregate  Exercise Price as set forth above  ("WARRANT  SHARE
                  DELIVERY  DATE").  This  Warrant  shall be deemed to have been
                  exercised  on the date the  Exercise  Price is received by the
                  Company.  The  Warrant  Shares  shall be  deemed  to have been
                  issued,  and Holder or any other  person so  designated  to be
                  named  therein  shall be  deemed  to have  become a holder  of
                  record of such  shares  for all  purposes,  as of the date the
                  Warrant  has been  exercised  by payment to the Company of the
                  Exercise  Price  and  all  taxes  required  to be  paid by the
                  Holder,  if any,  pursuant to Section  2(e)(vii)  prior to the
                  issuance of such shares, have been paid.

                           iii.     DELIVERY OF NEW WARRANTS UPON  EXERCISE.  If
                  this Warrant  shall have been  exercised in part,  the Company
                  shall,   at  the  time  of  delivery  of  the  certificate  or
                  certificates  representing Warrant Shares, deliver to Holder a
                  new Warrant  evidencing  the rights of Holder to purchase  the
                  unpurchased  Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant,  which
                  new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this
                  Warrant.

                           iv.      RESCISSION  RIGHTS.  If the Company fails to
                  cause  its  transfer   agent  to  transmit  to  the  Holder  a
                  certificate or  certificates  representing  the Warrant Shares
                  pursuant  to  this  Section  2(e)(iv)  by  the  Warrant  Share
                  Delivery Date,  then the Holder shall be entitled,  by written
                  notice to the  Company at any time on or before  the  Holder's
                  receipt of such certificate or  certificates,  to rescind such
                  exercise.

                           v.       COMPENSATION FOR BUY-IN ON FAILURE TO TIMELY
                  DELIVER  CERTIFICATES UPON EXERCISE.  In addition to any other
                  rights available to the Holder,  if the Company fails to cause
                  its transfer  agent to transmit to the Holder a certificate or
                  certificates  representing  the Warrant Shares  pursuant to an
                  exercise  on or before the fourth  Trading Day  following  the
                  Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder
                  is  required  by its  broker to  purchase  (in an open  market
                  transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in
                  satisfaction  of a sale by the  Holder of the  Warrant  Shares
                  which the Holder  anticipated  receiving upon such exercise (a
                  "BUY-IN"),  then  the  Company  shall  (1)  pay in cash to the
                  Holder the  amount by which (x) the  Holder's  total  purchase
                  price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares
                  of Common Stock so purchased  exceeds (y) the amount  obtained
                  by multiplying (A)


                                       4
<PAGE>


                  the number of Warrant  Shares that the Company was required to
                  deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue
                  times  (B) the price at which the sell  order  giving  rise to
                  such purchase  obligation was executed,  and (2) at the option
                  of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and
                  equivalent  number of Warrant  Shares for which such  exercise
                  was not  honored or deliver to the Holder the number of shares
                  of Common  Stock that would have been  issued had the  Company
                  timely  complied  with its exercise  and delivery  obligations
                  hereunder.  For example,  if the Holder purchases Common Stock
                  having a total  purchase  price of  $11,000  to cover a Buy-In
                  with  respect  to an  attempted  exercise  of shares of Common
                  Stock  with  an  aggregate  sale  price  giving  rise  to such
                  purchase  obligation  of  $10,000,  under  clause  (1)  of the
                  immediately  preceding  sentence the Company shall be required
                  to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company
                  written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in
                  respect of the Buy-In, together with applicable  confirmations
                  and  other  evidence  reasonably  requested  by  the  Company.
                  Nothing  herein  shall  limit a  Holder's  right to pursue any
                  other remedies available to it hereunder,  at law or in equity
                  including,   without   limitation,   a  decree   of   specific
                  performance  and/or  injunctive  relief  with  respect  to the
                  Company's failure to timely deliver certificates  representing
                  shares  of  Common  Stock  upon  exercise  of the  Warrant  as
                  required pursuant to the terms hereof.

                           vi.      NO FRACTIONAL SHARES OR SCRIP. No fractional
                  shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued
                  upon the  exercise of this  Warrant.  As to any  fraction of a
                  share which  Holder  would  otherwise  be entitled to purchase
                  upon such exercise, the Company shall pay a cash adjustment in
                  respect  of such  final  fraction  in an amount  equal to such
                  fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price.

                           vii.     CHARGES,  TAXES AND  EXPENSES.  Issuance  of
                  certificates  for Warrant  Shares shall be made without charge
                  to  the  Holder  for  any  issue  or  transfer  tax  or  other
                  incidental   expense  in  respect  of  the  issuance  of  such
                  certificate,  all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by
                  the Company, and such certificates shall be issued in the name
                  of the Holder or in such name or names as may be  directed  by
                  the Holder; PROVIDED,  HOWEVER, that in the event certificates
                  for  Warrant  Shares are to be issued in a name other than the
                  name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise
                  shall be accompanied by the  Assignment  Form attached  hereto
                  duly executed by the Holder; and the Company may require, as a
                  condition  thereto,   the  payment  of  a  sum  sufficient  to
                  reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto.

                           viii.    CLOSING OF BOOKS. The Company will not close
                  its stockholder  books or records in any manner which prevents
                  the timely  exercise  of this  Warrant,  pursuant to the terms
                  hereof.


                                       5
<PAGE>


                  f)       CALL  PROVISION.  Subject to the  provisions  of this
         Section  2(f),  if after  the 12 month  anniversary  of the date of the
         Purchase  Agreement,  (i) the VWAP for each of 20  consecutive  Trading
         Days (the "MEASUREMENT  PERIOD",  which period shall not have commenced
         until after the Effective Date) exceeds $4.00 (the  "THRESHOLD  PRICE")
         and (ii) the average  daily  trading  volume for the  Threshold  Period
         exceeds  100,000  shares (both  adjusted for any stock splits,  reverse
         splits and the like occurring after the Initial  Exercise  Date),  then
         the Company  may,  within two Trading  Days of the end of such  period,
         call for cancellation of all or any portion of this Warrant for which a
         Notice of Exercise has not yet been  delivered  (such right, a "CALL").
         To exercise  this  right,  the  Company  must  deliver to the Holder an
         irrevocable  written notice (a "CALL NOTICE"),  indicating  therein the
         portion of  unexercised  portion of this  Warrant to which such  notice
         applies.  If the conditions set forth below for such Call are satisfied
         from the period from the date of the Call Notice  through and including
         the Call Date (as  defined  below),  then any  portion of this  Warrant
         subject to such Call  Notice for which a Notice of  Exercise  shall not
         have been received by the Call Date will be cancelled at 6:30 p.m. (New
         York City time) on the tenth Trading Day after the date the Call Notice
         is received by the Holder (such date, the "CALL DATE"). Any unexercised
         portion of this  Warrant to which the Call Notice does not pertain will
         be unaffected by such Call Notice. In furtherance  thereof, the Company
         covenants  and agrees that it will honor all  Notices of Exercise  with
         respect to Warrant  Shares  subject to a Call Notice that are  tendered
         through  6:30 p.m.  (New York City time) on the Call Date.  The parties
         agree that any Notice of  Exercise  delivered  following  a Call Notice
         shall first reduce to zero the number of Warrant Shares subject to such
         Call Notice prior to reducing the remaining  Warrant  Shares  available
         for purchase under this Warrant.  For example, if (x) this Warrant then
         permits  the Holder to acquire 100  Warrant  Shares,  (y) a Call Notice
         pertains  to 75 Warrant  Shares,  and (z) prior to 6:30 p.m.  (New York
         City time) on the Call Date the Holder  tenders a Notice of Exercise in
         respect of 50 Warrant Shares, then (1) on the Call Date the right under
         this  Warrant  to  acquire  25  Warrant  Shares  will be  automatically
         cancelled,  (2) the Company, in the time and manner required under this
         Warrant, will have issued and delivered to the Holder 50 Warrant Shares
         in respect of the exercises  following receipt of the Call Notice,  and
         (3) the Holder may, until the Termination  Date,  exercise this Warrant
         for 25 Warrant  Shares  (subject to adjustment  as herein  provided and
         subject to subsequent Call Notices). Subject again to the provisions of
         this Section 2(f), the Company may deliver  subsequent Call Notices for
         any  portion  of this  Warrant  for  which  the  Holder  shall not have
         delivered  a  Notice  of  Exercise.  Notwithstanding  anything  to  the
         contrary set forth in this Warrant,  the Company may not deliver a Call
         Notice or require the cancellation of this Warrant (and any Call Notice
         will be  void),  unless,  from the  beginning  of the 20th  consecutive
         Trading  Days used to  determine  whether the Common Stock has achieved
         the Threshold  Price through the Call Date,  (i) the Company shall have
         honored in  accordance  with the terms of this  Warrant  all Notices of
         Exercise  delivered by 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the Call Date,
         (ii) the  Registration  Statement  shall be effective as to all Warrant
         Shares and the  prospectus  thereunder  available for use by the Holder
         for the resale of all such  Warrant  Shares and (iii) the Common  Stock
         shall be  listed or quoted  for  trading  on the  Trading  Market.  The
         Company's  right to Call the Warrant  shall be exercised  ratably among
         the Holders  based on each  Holder's  initial  purchase of Common Stock
         pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.


                                       6
<PAGE>


         SECTION 3. CERTAIN ADJUSTMENTS.

         a)       STOCK DIVIDENDS AND SPLITS. If the Company,  at any time while
this  Warrant is  outstanding:  (A) pays a stock  dividend or  otherwise  make a
distribution or  distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity
or equity equivalent  securities  payable in shares of Common Stock (which,  for
avoidance  of doubt,  shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the
Company pursuant to this Warrant),  (B) subdivides  outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a larger number of shares, (C) combines  (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares,
or (D) issues by  reclassification  of shares of the Common  Stock any shares of
capital  stock of the  Company,  then in each case the  Exercise  Price shall be
multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock (excluding  treasury shares, if any) outstanding  before such event
and of which the  denominator  shall be the  number  of  shares of Common  Stock
outstanding  after such event and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of
this Warrant shall be proportionately  adjusted. Any adjustment made pursuant to
this Section 3(a) shall become effective  immediately  after the record date for
the  determination  of  stockholders   entitled  to  receive  such  dividend  or
distribution and shall become effective  immediately after the effective date in
the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

         b)       SUBSEQUENT  EQUITY SALES. From the Initial Exercise Date until
the 18 month anniversary of the date of the Purchase  Agreement,  if the Company
or any  Subsidiary  thereof,  as  applicable,  at any time while this Warrant is
outstanding,  shall offer,  sell, grant any option to purchase or offer, sell or
grant any right to reprice its securities,  or otherwise dispose of or issue (or
announce any offer,  sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition)
any Common Stock or Common  Stock  Equivalents  entitling  any Person to acquire
shares of  Common  Stock,  at an  effective  price per share  less than the then
Exercise  Price (such lower  price,  the "BASE SHARE  PRICE" and such  issuances
collectively,  a "DILUTIVE  ISSUANCE"),  as adjusted hereunder (if the holder of
the  Common  Stock or Common  Stock  Equivalents  so  issued  shall at any time,
whether by operation of purchase price adjustments,  reset provisions,  floating
conversion,  exercise  or  exchange  prices or  otherwise,  or due to  warrants,
options or rights per share which is issued in  connection  with such  issuance,
but excluding  adjustments  resulting from customary  price-based  anti-dilution
provisions,  be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price
per share which is less than the Exercise  Price,  such issuance shall be deemed
to have occurred for less than the Exercise  Price),  then,  the Exercise  Price
shall be reduced by multiplying the Exercise Price by a fraction,  the numerator
of which is the  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  issued  and  outstanding
immediately  prior to the Dilutive  Issuance plus the number of shares of Common
Stock which the aggregate consideration received or receivable by the Company in
connection  with such Dilutive  Issuance  would  purchase at the then  effective
Exercise  Price,  and the denominator of which shall be the sum of the number of
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding  immediately prior to the Dilutive
Issuance  plus the  number of shares of Common  Stock so issued or  issuable  in
connection with the Dilutive Issuance;  PROVIDED, HOWEVER, prior to the date the
Company  obtains   Shareholder   Approval  in  accordance  with  the  rules  and
regulations  of the  Trading  Market,  in no event shall the  Exercise  Price be


                                       7
<PAGE>


adjusted  under this Section 3(b) to less than $1.95,  subject to adjustment for
reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends,  stock combinations and other
similar  transactions  of the Common  Stock  that  occur  after the date of this
Agreement (the "FLOOR  PRICE").  The Company shall notify the Holder in writing,
no later than the third  Trading Day  following the issuance of any Common Stock
or Common Stock  Equivalents  subject to this  section,  indicating  therein the
applicable  issuance  price,  or of  applicable  reset  price,  exchange  price,
conversion  price and other pricing  terms (such notice the  "DILUTIVE  ISSUANCE
NOTICE").  For purposes of clarification,  whether or not the Company provides a
Dilutive  Issuance  Notice pursuant to this Section 3(b), upon the occurrence of
any Dilutive  Issuance,  after the date of such Dilutive  Issuance the Holder is
entitled to receive a number of Warrant  Shares  based upon the Base Share Price
regardless  of whether the Holder  accurately  refers to the Base Share Price in
the Notice of Exercise.

         c)       INTENTIONALLY OMITTED.

         d)       FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION. If, at any time while this Warrant is
outstanding,  (A) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company
with  or into  another  Person,  (B)  the  Company  effects  any  sale of all or
substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions,  (C)
any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is
completed  pursuant to which  holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or
exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property, or (D) the Company
effects  any  reclassification  of the  Common  Stock  or any  compulsory  share
exchange  pursuant to which the Common Stock is  effectively  converted  into or
exchanged  for  other  securities,  cash  or  property  (in  any  such  case,  a
"FUNDAMENTAL  TRANSACTION"),  then,  upon  any  subsequent  conversion  of  this
Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that
would have been issuable upon such exercise absent such Fundamental Transaction,
at the option of the Holder,  (a) upon exercise of this  Warrant,  the number of
shares of Common  Stock of the  successor  or  acquiring  corporation  or of the
Company,  if  it is  the  surviving  corporation,  and  Alternate  Consideration
receivable upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger,
consolidation  or  disposition  of assets by a Holder of the number of shares of
Common Stock for which this  Warrant is  exercisable  immediately  prior to such
event or (b) if the Company is acquired in an all cash  transaction,  cash equal
to the value of this Warrant as determined in accordance with the  Black-Scholes
option pricing formula (the "ALTERNATE CONSIDERATION"). For purposes of any such
exercise,  the  determination  of the  Exercise  Price  shall  be  appropriately
adjusted  to apply  to such  Alternate  Consideration  based  on the  amount  of
Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such
Fundamental  Transaction,  and the Company shall  apportion  the Exercise  Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative
value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.  If holders of
Common Stock are given any choice as to the  securities,  cash or property to be
received in a Fundamental  Transaction,  then the Holder shall be given the same
choice as to the Alternate  Consideration  it receives upon any exercise of this
Warrant  following  such  Fundamental  Transaction.  To the extent  necessary to
effectuate the foregoing  provisions,  any successor to the Company or surviving
entity in such Fundamental  Transaction  shall issue to the Holder a new warrant
consistent  with the foregoing  provisions  and evidencing the Holder's right to
exercise


                                       8
<PAGE>


such warrant into Alternate  Consideration.  The terms of any agreement pursuant
to which a Fundamental Transaction is effected shall include terms requiring any
such successor or surviving entity to comply with the provisions of this Section
3(d) and insuring that this Warrant (or any such  replacement  security) will be
similarly  adjusted upon any subsequent  transaction  analogous to a Fundamental
Transaction.

         e)       EXEMPT   ISSUANCE.    Notwithstanding   the   foregoing,    no
adjustments,  Alternate  Consideration nor notices shall be made, paid or issued
under this Section 3 in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

         f)       CALCULATIONS.  All calculations  under this Section 3 shall be
made to the nearest cent or the nearest  1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
The  number of shares of Common  Stock  outstanding  at any given time shall not
includes  shares  of Common  Stock  owned or held by or for the  account  of the
Company,  and the  description  of any such  shares  of  Common  Stock  shall be
considered on issue or sale of Common Stock. For purposes of this Section 3, the
number of shares of Common  Stock  deemed to be issued and  outstanding  as of a
given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common  Stock  (excluding
treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

         g)       VOLUNTARY  ADJUSTMENT BY COMPANY.  The Company may at any time
during the term of this Warrant  reduce the then current  Exercise  Price to any
amount and for any period of time deemed  appropriate  by the Board of Directors
of the Company.

         h)       NOTICE TO HOLDERS.

                  i.       ADJUSTMENT TO EXERCISE  PRICE.  Whenever the Exercise
         Price  is  adjusted  pursuant  to this  Section  3, the  Company  shall
         promptly mail to each Holder a notice  setting forth the Exercise Price
         after such  adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts
         requiring such adjustment.

                  ii.      NOTICE  TO  ALLOW  EXERCISE  BY  HOLDER.  If (A)  the
         Company  shall  declare a dividend (or any other  distribution)  on the
         Common Stock; (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash
         dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock;  (C) the Company shall
         authorize  the  granting to all holders of the Common  Stock  rights or
         warrants to subscribe  for or purchase  any shares of capital  stock of
         any class or of any rights; (D) the approval of any stockholders of the
         Company shall be required in connection  with any  reclassification  of
         the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a
         party, any sale or transfer of all or  substantially  all of the assets
         of the Company,  of any compulsory  share  exchange  whereby the Common
         Stock is converted  into other  securities,  cash or property;  (E) the
         Company  shall  authorize  the  voluntary or  involuntary  dissolution,
         liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company;  then, in each
         case,  the  Company  shall cause to be mailed to the Holder at its last
         addresses as it shall appear upon the Warrant  Register of the Company,
         at least 20 calendar days prior to the  applicable  record or effective
         date  hereinafter  specified,  a notice stating


                                       9
<PAGE>


         (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the  purpose  of such
         dividend, distribution,  redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record
         is not to be taken,  the date as of which  the  holders  of the  Common
         Stock  of  record  to be  entitled  to  such  dividend,  distributions,
         redemption,  rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on
         which such reclassification,  consolidation,  merger, sale, transfer or
         share exchange is expected to become  effective or close,  and the date
         as of which it is expected  that  holders of the Common Stock of record
         shall be  entitled  to exchange  their  shares of the Common  Stock for
         securities,    cash   or   other   property   deliverable   upon   such
         reclassification,   consolidation,  merger,  sale,  transfer  or  share
         exchange;  PROVIDED, that the failure to mail such notice or any defect
         therein or in the mailing  thereof shall not affect the validity of the
         corporate action required to be specified in such notice. The Holder is
         entitled to exercise this Warrant  during the 20-day period  commencing
         the date of such notice to the effective  date of the event  triggering
         such notice.

         SECTION 4. TRANSFER OF WARRANT.

         a)       TRANSFERABILITY.  Subject to  compliance  with any  applicable
securities  laws and the  conditions  set forth in Sections 5(a) and 4(d) hereof
and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and
all rights  hereunder are  transferable,  in whole or in part, upon surrender of
this Warrant at the  principal  office of the Company,  together  with a written
assignment  of this  Warrant  substantially  in the form  attached  hereto  duly
executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds  sufficient to pay any
transfer  taxes payable upon the making of such  transfer.  Upon such  surrender
and, if required,  such  payment,  the Company  shall  execute and deliver a new
Warrant  or  Warrants  in the  name  of the  assignee  or  assignees  and in the
denomination or  denominations  specified in such instrument of assignment,  and
shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant
not so assigned,  and this Warrant shall  promptly be cancelled.  A Warrant,  if
properly assigned,  may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant
Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

         b)       NEW  WARRANTS.  This  Warrant may be divided or combined  with
other Warrants upon presentation  hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice  specifying the names and  denominations in which
new  Warrants  are to be issued,  signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney.
Subject  to  compliance  with  Section  4(a),  as to any  transfer  which may be
involved in such division or combination,  the Company shall execute and deliver
a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange  for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice.

         c)       WARRANT  REGISTER.  The Company  shall  register this Warrant,
upon records to be  maintained  by the Company for that  purpose  (the  "WARRANT
REGISTER"),  in the name of the  record  Holder  hereof  from time to time.  The
Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute
owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise  hereof or any  distribution to the
Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.


                                       10
<PAGE>


         d)       TRANSFER  RESTRICTIONS.  If, at the time of the  surrender  of
this Warrant in connection  with any transfer of this  Warrant,  the transfer of
this  Warrant  shall not be  registered  pursuant to an  effective  registration
statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities or blue
sky laws, the Company may require,  as a condition of allowing such transfer (i)
that the Holder or transferee of this  Warrant,  as the case may be,  furnish to
the  Company a written  opinion  of  counsel  (which  opinion  shall be in form,
substance   and  scope   customary   for  opinions  of  counsel  in   comparable
transactions) to the effect that such transfer may be made without  registration
under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities or blue sky laws,
(ii) that the  holder or  transferee  execute  and  deliver  to the  Company  an
investment letter in form and substance acceptable to the Company and (iii) that
the transferee be an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2),
(a)(3),  (a)(7),  or (a)(8)  promulgated under the Securities Act or a qualified
institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

         SECTION 5. MISCELLANEOUS.

         a)       TITLE TO WARRANT. Prior to the Termination Date and subject to
compliance with applicable laws and Section 4 of this Warrant,  this Warrant and
all rights  hereunder  are  transferable,  in whole or in part, at the office or
agency of the  Company by the Holder in person or by duly  authorized  attorney,
upon surrender of this Warrant  together with the Assignment Form annexed hereto
properly  endorsed.  The transferee shall sign an investment  letter in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

         b)       NO RIGHTS AS SHAREHOLDER UNTIL EXERCISE. This Warrant does not
entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a shareholder  of the
Company prior to the exercise hereof. Upon the surrender of this Warrant and the
payment of the aggregate  Exercise  Price (or by means of a cashless  exercise),
the  Warrant  Shares  so  purchased  shall be and be deemed to be issued to such
Holder as the record  owner of such  shares as of the close of  business  on the
later of the date of such surrender or payment.

         c)       LOSS, THEFT, DESTRUCTION OR MUTILATION OF WARRANT. The Company
covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence  reasonably  satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock
certificate  relating  to the  Warrant  Shares,  and in case of  loss,  theft or
destruction,  of indemnity or security reasonably  satisfactory to it (which, in
the case of the  Warrant,  shall not include the posting of any bond),  and upon
surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock  certificate,  if mutilated,
the Company  will make and deliver a new  Warrant or stock  certificate  of like
tenor  and  dated  as of such  cancellation,  in lieu of such  Warrant  or stock
certificate.

         d)       SATURDAYS,  SUNDAYS,  HOLIDAYS,  ETC. If the last or appointed
day for the  taking of any action or the  expiration  of any right  required  or
granted herein shall be a Saturday,  Sunday or a legal holiday, then such action
may be taken or such right may be  exercised  on the next  succeeding  day not a
Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday.

         e)       AUTHORIZED SHARES.


                                       11
<PAGE>


                           The  Company  covenants  that  during  the period the
                  Warrant is  outstanding,  it will reserve from its  authorized
                  and unissued  Common  Stock a  sufficient  number of shares to
                  provide  for the  issuance  of the  Warrant  Shares  upon  the
                  exercise  of any  purchase  rights  under  this  Warrant.  The
                  Company  further  covenants  that its issuance of this Warrant
                  shall  constitute  full  authority  to its  officers  who  are
                  charged  with  the duty of  executing  stock  certificates  to
                  execute and issue the necessary  certificates  for the Warrant
                  Shares upon the  exercise of the  purchase  rights  under this
                  Warrant.  The Company will take all such reasonable  action as
                  may be  necessary  to assure that such  Warrant  Shares may be
                  issued as provided herein without  violation of any applicable
                  law or  regulation,  or of  any  requirements  of the  Trading
                  Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed.

                           Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by
                  the Holder,  the Company  shall not by any action,  including,
                  without limitation,  amending its certificate of incorporation
                  or   through   any   reorganization,   transfer   of   assets,
                  consolidation,   merger,   dissolution,   issue   or  sale  of
                  securities  or any other  voluntary  action,  avoid or seek to
                  avoid the  observance  or  performance  of any of the terms of
                  this  Warrant,  but will at all times in good faith  assist in
                  the  carrying  out of all such  terms and in the taking of all
                  such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the
                  rights  of  Holder  as  set  forth  in  this  Warrant  against
                  impairment.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
                  the Company will (a) not increase the par value of any Warrant
                  Shares above the amount  payable  therefor  upon such exercise
                  immediately  prior to such increase in par value, (b) take all
                  such action as may be necessary or  appropriate  in order that
                  the  Company  may  validly  and  legally  issue fully paid and
                  nonassessable   Warrant  Shares  upon  the  exercise  of  this
                  Warrant, and (c) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
                  all  such  authorizations,  exemptions  or  consents  from any
                  public regulatory body having  jurisdiction  thereof as may be
                  necessary  to enable the  Company to perform  its  obligations
                  under this Warrant.

                           Before  taking any action  which  would  result in an
                  adjustment  in the  number of  Warrant  Shares  for which this
                  Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise  Price,  the Company
                  shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or
                  consents  thereto,   as  may  be  necessary  from  any  public
                  regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

         f)       JURISDICTION.   All  questions  concerning  the  construction,
validity,  enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in
accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

         g)       RESTRICTIONS.  The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares
acquired  upon the  exercise  of this  Warrant,  if not  registered,  will  have
restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

         h)       NONWAIVER AND  EXPENSES.  No course of dealing or any delay or
failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a
waiver of such right


                                       12
<PAGE>


or otherwise prejudice Holder's rights, powers or remedies,  notwithstanding the
fact that all rights hereunder terminate on the Termination Date. If the Company
willfully  and  knowingly  fails to comply with any  provision of this  Warrant,
which  results in any material  damages to the Holder,  the Company shall pay to
Holder  such  amounts  as shall be  sufficient  to cover any costs and  expenses
including,  but not limited to, reasonable  attorneys' fees,  including those of
appellate proceedings, incurred by Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant
hereto  or in  otherwise  enforcing  any  of  its  rights,  powers  or  remedies
hereunder.

         i)       NOTICES.  Any notice,  request or other  document  required or
permitted  to be  given or  delivered  to the  Holder  by the  Company  shall be
delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

         j)       LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  No provision  hereof, in the absence
of any affirmative action by Holder to exercise this Warrant or purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration  herein of the rights or privileges of Holder,  shall
give rise to any liability of Holder for the purchase  price of any Common Stock
or as a stockholder  of the Company,  whether such  liability is asserted by the
Company or by creditors of the Company.

         k)       REMEDIES.  Holder,  in addition to being  entitled to exercise
all rights granted by law,  including  recovery of damages,  will be entitled to
specific  performance of its rights under this Warrant.  The Company agrees that
monetary  damages  would not be adequate  compensation  for any loss incurred by
reason of a breach by it of the  provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to
waive the defense in any action for  specific  performance  that a remedy at law
would be adequate.

         l)       SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. Subject to applicable securities laws,
this Warrant and the rights and obligations  evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the  successors of the Company and the successors
and permitted assigns of Holder.  The provisions of this Warrant are intended to
be for the benefit of all Holders from time to time of this Warrant and shall be
enforceable by any such Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

         m)       AMENDMENT.  This  Warrant  may be  modified  or amended or the
provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

         n)       SEVERABILITY.   Wherever  possible,  each  provision  of  this
Warrant shall be  interpreted  in such manner as to be effective and valid under
applicable  law, but if any  provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or
invalid under  applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent
of such  prohibition or invalidity,  without  invalidating the remainder of such
provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

         o)       HEADINGS.  The  headings  used  in  this  Warrant  are for the
convenience of reference  only and shall not, for any purpose,  be deemed a part
of this Warrant.


                              ********************


                                       13
<PAGE>


                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the Company has caused this Warrant to be
executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized.


Dated:  December 14, 2004

                           TARRANT APPAREL GROUP


                           By:  /S/ CORAZON REYES
                                ----------------------------
                                Name: Corazon Reyes
                                Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                       14
<PAGE>


                               NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To:      TARRANT APPAREL GROUP

         (1) The undersigned  hereby elects to purchase  ________ Warrant Shares
of the Company  pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders  herewith payment of the exercise price in full,  together
with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

         (2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

         [_]      in lawful money of the United States; or

         [_]      the  cancellation  of such  number  of  Warrant  Shares  as is
                  necessary,  in  accordance  with  the  formula  set  forth  in
                  subsection  2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the
                  maximum number of Warrant Shares  purchasable  pursuant to the
                  cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

         (3)  Please  issue a  certificate  or  certificates  representing  said
Warrant  Shares  in the  name of the  undersigned  or in such  other  name as is
specified below:

                  ----------------------------------------

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following:

                  ----------------------------------------

                  ----------------------------------------

                  ----------------------------------------

         (4) ACCREDITED INVESTOR. The undersigned is an "accredited investor" as
defined  in  Regulation  D  promulgated  under the  Securities  Act of 1933,  as
amended.

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ______________________________________________________
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: _________________________
Name of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________________________
Title of Authorized Signatory: _________________________________________________
Date: __________________________________________________________________________


<PAGE>


                                 ASSIGNMENT FORM

                    (To assign the foregoing warrant, execute
                   this form and supply required information.
                 Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)



         FOR VALUE  RECEIVED,  the  foregoing  Warrant and all rights  evidenced
thereby are hereby assigned to


_______________________________________________ whose address is


- ---------------------------------------------------------------.



- ---------------------------------------------------------------

                                             Dated:  ______________, _______


                           Holder's Signature: __________________________

                           Holder's Address:_____________________________

                                            -----------------------------



Signature Guaranteed:  ___________________________________________


NOTE: The signature to this  Assignment Form must correspond with the name as it
appears on the face of the Warrant,  without  alteration or  enlargement  or any
change whatsoever,  and must be guaranteed by a bank or trust company.  Officers
of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity
should file proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-5.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.5
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.5

                                FORM OF DEBENTURE

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE
HAVE  BEEN  REGISTERED  WITH  THE  SECURITIES  AND  EXCHANGE  COMMISSION  OR THE
SECURITIES   COMMISSION  OF  ANY  STATE  IN  RELIANCE  UPON  AN  EXEMPTION  FROM
REGISTRATION  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OF 1933,  AS AMENDED  (THE  "SECURITIES
ACT"),  AND,  ACCORDINGLY,  MAY NOT BE OFFERED  OR SOLD  EXCEPT  PURSUANT  TO AN
EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
AVAILABLE  EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE  REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS  OF THE  SECURITIES  ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE  WITH  APPLICABLE  STATE
SECURITIES  LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO
SUCH  EFFECT,  THE  SUBSTANCE  OF WHICH SHALL BE  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE  TO THE
COMPANY.  THIS  SECURITY AND THE  SECURITIES  ISSUABLE  UPON  CONVERSION OF THIS
SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION  WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN  ACCOUNT OR OTHER
LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

Original Issue Date: December ___, 2004
Original Conversion Price (subject to adjustment herein): $2.00

                                                                $---------------


                        6% SECURED CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE
                             DUE DECEMBER ___, 2007

         THIS  DEBENTURE  is one of a series of duly  authorized  and  issued 6%
Secured   Convertible   Debentures  of  Tarrant   Apparel  Group,  a  California
corporation,  having a  principal  place of  business  at 3151  East  Washington
Boulevard, Los Angeles,  California 90023 (the "COMPANY"),  designated as its 6%
Secured Convertible Debenture, due December ___, 2007 (the "DEBENTURE(S)").

         FOR   VALUE    RECEIVED,    the    Company    promises    to   pay   to
________________________ or its registered assigns (the "HOLDER"), the principal
sum of  $_______________  on  December  ___,  2007 or such  earlier  date as the
Debentures  are required or permitted  to be repaid as provided  hereunder  (the
"MATURITY DATE"), and to pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted
and then  outstanding  principal amount of this Debenture in accordance with the
provisions  hereof.  This  Debenture  is  subject  to the  following  additional
provisions:

         SECTION 1.  DEFINITIONS.  For the purposes  hereof,  in addition to the
terms defined  elsewhere in this Debenture:  (a) capitalized terms not otherwise
defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Purchase  Agreement,
and (b) the following terms shall have the following meanings:


                                       1
<PAGE>


                  "ALTERNATE  CONSIDERATION" shall have the meaning set forth in
         Section 5(d).

                  "BASE  CONVERSION  PRICE"  shall have the meaning set forth in
         Section 5(b).

                  "BUSINESS DAY" means any day except  Saturday,  Sunday and any
         day which shall be a federal  legal  holiday in the United  States or a
         day on  which  banking  institutions  in the  State  of  New  York  are
         authorized or required by law or other government action to close.

                  "BUY-IN" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(d)(v).

                  "CHANGE OF CONTROL TRANSACTION" means the occurrence after the
         date  hereof of any of (i) an  acquisition  after the date hereof by an
         individual or legal entity or "group" (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1)
         promulgated  under the  Exchange  Act) of  effective  control  (whether
         through legal or beneficial  ownership of capital stock of the Company,
         by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 33% of the voting  securities
         of the  Company,  or (ii) a  replacement  at one time or within a three
         year period of more than one-half of the members of the Company's board
         of directors  which is not approved by a majority of those  individuals
         who are  members of the board of  directors  on the date  hereof (or by
         those  individuals who are serving as members of the board of directors
         on any date whose  nomination to the board of directors was approved by
         a majority of the members of the board of directors  who are members on
         the date hereof), or (iii) the execution by the Company of an agreement
         to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound,  providing for
         any of the events set forth above in (i) or (ii); provided,  however, a
         Change of Control shall not have been deemed to occur on account of the
         purchase  by  the  potential  investor  identified  in  the  Disclosure
         Schedules,  or any of such investor's  affiliates,  of up to 10,000,000
         shares (adjusted for any stock splits,  reverse splits and the like) of
         Common  Stock or  securities  convertible  or  exercisable  into Common
         Stock, or a combination of both.

                  "CLOSING PRICE" means,  for any date, the price  determined by
         the first of the  following  clauses  that  applies:  (a) if the Common
         Stock is then  listed or quoted on a Trading  Market,  the  closing bid
         price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
         on the  Trading  Market on which  the  Common  Stock is then  listed or
         quoted as reported by Bloomberg  Financial L.P. (based on a Trading Day
         from 9:30 a.m.  Eastern  Time to 4:02 p.m.  Eastern  Time);  (b) if the
         Common  Stock is not then  listed or quoted on a Trading  Market and if
         prices  for the Common  Stock are then  reported  in the "Pink  Sheets"
         published by the Pink Sheets, LLC (or a similar  organization or agency
         succeeding to its functions of reporting  prices),  the most recent bid
         price per share of the Common  Stock so  reported;  or (c) in all other
         cases,  the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as  determined
         by an independent  appraiser  selected in good faith by the Holders and
         reasonably acceptable to the Company.


                                       2
<PAGE>


                  "COMMON STOCK" means the common stock, no par value per share,
         of the  Company and stock of any other class into which such shares may
         hereafter have been reclassified or changed.

                  "CONVERSION  DATE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
         4(a).

                  "CONVERSION PRICE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
         4(b).

                  "CONVERSION  SHARES" means the shares of Common Stock issuable
         upon  conversion  of Debentures or as payment of interest in accordance
         with the terms.

                  "DEBENTURE  REGISTER"  shall  have the  meaning  set  forth in
         Section 2(c).

                  "DILUTIVE  ISSUANCE"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth in
         Section 5(b).

                  "DILUTIVE ISSUANCE NOTICE" shall have the meaning set forth in
         Section 5(b).

                  "EFFECTIVENESS  PERIOD"  shall have the meaning  given to such
         term in the Registration Rights Agreement.

                  "EQUITY CONDITIONS" shall mean, during the period in question,
         (i) the Company shall have duly honored all conversions and redemptions
         scheduled  to occur or  occurring  by virtue  of one or more  Notice of
         Conversions,  if any,  (ii) all  liquidated  damages and other  amounts
         owing in respect of the  Debentures  for which written  demand has been
         made by the Holder  shall have been paid;  (iii) there is an  effective
         Registration  Statement  pursuant to which the Holder is  permitted  to
         utilize the prospectus  thereunder to resell all of the shares issuable
         pursuant to the  Transaction  Documents (and the Company  believes,  in
         good faith, that such effectiveness will continue uninterrupted for the
         foreseeable  future),  (iv) the Common  Stock is trading on the Trading
         Market  and all of the  shares  issuable  pursuant  to the  Transaction
         Documents  are listed for trading on a Trading  Market (and the Company
         believes,  in good faith, that trading of the Common Stock on a Trading
         Market will continue  uninterrupted  for the foreseeable  future),  (v)
         there is a sufficient  number of authorized  but unissued and otherwise
         unreserved shares of Common Stock for the issuance of all of the shares
         issuable  pursuant  to the  Transaction  Documents,  (vi) there is then
         existing no Event of Default or event  which,  with the passage of time
         or the giving of notice,  would  constitute an Event of Default,  (vii)
         all of the  shares  issued  or  issuable  pursuant  to the  transaction
         proposed  would not  violate  the  limitations  set  forth in  Sections
         4(c)(i) and 4(c)(ii) and (viii) no public  announcement of a pending or
         proposed  Fundamental  Transaction or Change of Control Transaction has
         occurred that has not been consummated or terminated.

                  "EVENT OF DEFAULT" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
         8.

                  "EXCHANGE ACT" means the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as
         amended.

                  "FUNDAMENTAL  TRANSACTION" shall have the meaning set forth in
         Section 5(d).


                                       3
<PAGE>


                  "FORCED CONVERSION NOTICE" shall have the meaning set forth in
         Section 4(e).

                  "FORCE  CONVERSION  NOTICE  DATE"  shall have the  meaning set
         forth in Section 4(e).

                  "INTEREST  CONVERSION  RATE" means 100% of the  Closing  Price
         immediately prior to the applicable Interest Payment Date.

                  "INTEREST  PAYMENT  DATE"  shall have the meaning set forth in
         Section 2(a).

                  "LATE FEES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d).

                  "MANDATORY  PREPAYMENT  AMOUNT" for any Debentures shall equal
         the sum of (i) the  greater  of:  (A) 120% of the  principal  amount of
         Debentures to be prepaid, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon,
         or (B) the principal amount of Debentures to be prepaid, plus all other
         accrued and unpaid interest hereon,  divided by the Conversion Price on
         (x) the date the Mandatory  Prepayment  Amount is demanded or otherwise
         due or (y) the date the  Mandatory  Prepayment  Amount is paid in full,
         whichever is less,  multiplied by the Closing Price on (x) the date the
         Mandatory  Prepayment  Amount is demanded or  otherwise  due or (y) the
         date the  Mandatory  Prepayment  Amount is paid in full,  whichever  is
         greater,  and (ii) all other  amounts,  costs,  expenses and liquidated
         damages  due in respect of such  Debentures.  Notwithstanding  anything
         herein  to the  contrary,  if at the time the  Holder  delivers  to the
         Company a notice of an Event of Default (I) the Company has and is duly
         honoring  all   conversions,   if  any,  (II)  there  is  an  effective
         Registration  Statement  pursuant to which the Holder is  permitted  to
         utilize the prospectus  thereunder to resell all of the shares issuable
         pursuant to the  Transaction  Documents (and the Company  believes,  in
         good faith, that such effectiveness will continue uninterrupted for the
         foreseeable  future),  (III) the Common Stock is trading on the Trading
         Market  and all of the  shares  issuable  pursuant  to the  Transaction
         Documents  are listed for trading on a Trading  Market (and the Company
         believes,  in good faith, that trading of the Common Stock on a Trading
         Market will continue  uninterrupted for the foreseeable  future),  (IV)
         there exists no other reason  (other than the  discretion of the Holder
         or market  conditions)  which would  otherwise  deprive the Holder from
         receiving (other than Section 4(c)(ii))  Conversion Shares or disposing
         of the  Conversion  Shares on the  Trading  Market and (V) the  Company
         takes no action  thereafter to directly or indirectly cause clauses (I)
         through  (IV) above to no longer be exist,  then clause (B) above shall
         not  be  available  for  the  purpose  of  calculating   the  Mandatory
         Prepayment Amount as to such notice of an Event of Default.

                  "NEW YORK COURTS"  shall have the meaning set forth in Section
         9(d).

                  "NOTICE OF  CONVERSION"  shall have the  meaning  set forth in
         Section 4(a).

                   "ORIGINAL  ISSUE  DATE"  shall  mean  the  date of the  first
         issuance of the Debentures regardless of the number of transfers of any
         Debenture  and  regardless  of the number of  instruments  which may be
         issued to evidence such Debenture.


                                       4
<PAGE>


                  "PERSON" means a corporation,  an association,  a partnership,
         organization,  a business,  an  individual,  a government  or political
         subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.

                  "PURCHASE  AGREEMENT" means the Securities Purchase Agreement,
         dated as of  December 6, 2004,  to which the  Company and the  original
         Holder are parties,  as amended,  modified or supplemented from time to
         time in accordance with its terms.

                  "REGISTRATION  RIGHTS AGREEMENT" means the Registration Rights
         Agreement, dated as of the date of the Purchase Agreement, to which the
         Company and the original  Holder are parties,  as amended,  modified or
         supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

                  "REGISTRATION   STATEMENT"  means  a  registration   statement
         meeting  the  requirements   set  forth  in  the  Registration   Rights
         Agreement,  covering  among other  things the resale of the  Conversion
         Shares and naming the Holder as a "selling stockholder" thereunder.

                  "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
         and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

                  "SHAREHOLDER  APPROVAL"  shall have the meaning  given to such
         term in the Purchase Agreement.

                  "SUBSIDIARY"  shall have the meaning given to such term in the
         Purchase Agreement.

                  "THRESHOLD  PERIOD"  shall have the meaning given to such term
         in Section 4(e).

                  "TRADING  DAY" means a day on which the Common Stock is traded
         on a Trading Market.

                   "TRADING MARKET" means the following  markets or exchanges on
         which the Common  Stock is listed or quoted for  trading on the date in
         question:  the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, the American Stock Exchange, the
         New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq National Market or the OTC Bulletin
         Board.

                  "TRANSACTION  DOCUMENTS"  shall have the  meaning set forth in
         the Purchase Agreement.

         SECTION 2. INTEREST.

                  a) PAYMENT OF INTEREST IN CASH OR KIND.  The Company shall pay
         interest  to  the  Holder  on  the  aggregate   unconverted   and  then
         outstanding  principal  amount of this  Debenture at the rate of 6% per
         annum,  payable quarterly,  in arrears, on March 31, June 30, September
         30 and December 31, beginning on the first such date after the Original


                                       5
<PAGE>


         Issue Date and on each  Conversion  Date (as to that  principal  amount
         then being  converted)  and on the Maturity  Date (except  that, if any
         such date is not a Business  Day, then such payment shall be due on the
         next  succeeding  Business Day) (each such date,  an "INTEREST  PAYMENT
         DATE"),  in cash or shares of Common Stock at the  Interest  Conversion
         Rate, or a combination thereof; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, payment in shares of
         Common  Stock  may  only  occur  if  (i)  during  the 20  Trading  Days
         immediately  prior to the applicable  Interest  Payment Date all of the
         Equity  Conditions have been met, (ii) the Company shall have given the
         Holder  notice in  accordance  with the notice  requirements  set forth
         below and (iii) the  Interest  Conversion  Rate is equal to or  exceeds
         $1.95,  subject to  adjustment  for reverse and forward  stock  splits,
         stock dividends,  stock combinations and other similar  transactions of
         the Common Stock that occur after the date of the Purchase Agreement.

                  b) COMPANY'S  ELECTION TO PAY INTEREST IN KIND. Subject to the
         terms and  conditions  herein,  the  decision  whether to pay  interest
         hereunder in shares of Common Stock or cash shall be at the  discretion
         of the Company.  Not less than 20 Trading  Days prior to each  Interest
         Payment Date,  the Company shall provide the Holder with written notice
         of its election to pay interest  hereunder  either in cash or shares of
         Common Stock (the Company may indicate in such notice that the election
         contained  in such  notice  shall  continue  for  later  periods  until
         revised). Within 20 Trading Days prior to an Interest Payment Date, the
         Company's  election  (whether  specific to an Interest  Payment Date or
         continuous)  shall be  irrevocable  as to such  Interest  Payment Date.
         Subject to the  aforementioned  conditions,  failure to timely  provide
         such  written  notice shall be deemed an election by the Company to pay
         the interest on such Interest Payment Date in cash.

                  c) INTEREST CALCULATIONS.  Interest shall be calculated on the
         basis of a  360-day  year and  shall  accrue  daily  commencing  on the
         Original  Issue  Date  until  payment  in  full of the  principal  sum,
         together  with all accrued and unpaid  interest and other amounts which
         may become due hereunder,  has been made. Payment of interest in shares
         of Common Stock shall otherwise occur pursuant to Section  4(d)(ii) and
         only for  purposes of the payment of interest in shares,  the  Interest
         Payment Date shall be deemed the Conversion Date.  Interest shall cease
         to accrue with respect to any principal amount converted, provided that
         the Company in fact  delivers  the  Conversion  Shares  within the time
         period required by Section 4(d)(ii). Interest hereunder will be paid to
         the Person in whose name this Debenture is registered on the records of
         the Company  regarding  registration  and transfers of Debentures  (the
         "DEBENTURE  REGISTER").  Except as otherwise provided herein, if at any
         time the Company  pays  interest  partially  in cash and  partially  in
         shares of Common Stock, then such payment shall be distributed  ratably
         among the Holders based upon the principal amount of Debentures held by
         each Holder.

                  d) LATE FEE.  All overdue  accrued  and unpaid  interest to be
         paid hereunder shall entail a late fee at the rate of 15% per annum (or
         such lower  maximum  amount of interest  permitted to be charged  under
         applicable  law) ("LATE FEES") which will accrue  daily,  from the date
         such  interest  is due  hereunder  through  and  including  the date of


                                       6
<PAGE>


         payment.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if
         on any Interest Payment Date the Company has elected to pay interest in
         Common  Stock and is not able to pay  accrued  interest  in the form of
         Common  Stock  because  it does not then  satisfy  the  conditions  for
         payment  in the form of  Common  Stock set forth  above,  then,  at the
         option of the Holder, the Company,  in lieu of delivering either shares
         of Common  Stock  pursuant  to this  Section 2 or paying the  regularly
         scheduled cash interest  payment,  shall deliver,  within three Trading
         Days of each applicable  Interest Payment Date, an amount in cash equal
         to the  product  of the  number of shares  of  Common  Stock  otherwise
         deliverable  to the Holder in  connection  with the payment of interest
         due on such Interest  Payment Date and the highest Closing Price during
         the period  commencing  on the Interest  Payment Date and ending on the
         Trading Day prior to the date such payment is made.

                  e)   PREPAYMENT.   Except  as  otherwise  set  forth  in  this
         Debenture,  the  Company  may not prepay any  portion of the  principal
         amount of this  Debenture  without  the prior  written  consent  of the
         Holder.

         SECTION 3. REGISTRATION OF TRANSFERS AND EXCHANGES.

                  a) DIFFERENT DENOMINATIONS. This Debenture is exchangeable for
         an  equal  aggregate   principal  amount  of  Debentures  of  different
         authorized  denominations,  as requested by the Holder surrendering the
         same. No service charge will be made for such  registration of transfer
         or exchange.

                  b) INVESTMENT REPRESENTATIONS.  This Debenture has been issued
         subject to certain  investment  representations  of the original Holder
         set forth in the Purchase Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged
         only in compliance with the Purchase  Agreement and applicable  federal
         and state securities laws and regulations.

                  c) RELIANCE ON DEBENTURE REGISTER. Prior to due presentment to
         the Company for transfer of this  Debenture,  the Company and any agent
         of the  Company  may treat the Person in whose name this  Debenture  is
         duly  registered on the Debenture  Register as the owner hereof for the
         purpose  of  receiving  payment  as herein  provided  and for all other
         purposes,  whether or not this  Debenture  is overdue,  and neither the
         Company nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

         SECTION 4. CONVERSION.

                  a) VOLUNTARY CONVERSION.  At any time after the Original Issue
         Date until this  Debenture  is no longer  outstanding,  this  Debenture
         shall be  convertible  into shares of Common Stock at the option of the
         Holder,  in whole or in part at any time and from time to time (subject
         to the limitations on conversion set forth in Section 4(c) hereof). The
         Holder shall effect  conversions  by delivering to the Company the form
         of Notice  of  Conversion  attached  hereto  as ANNEX A (a  "NOTICE  OF
         CONVERSION"),  specifying therein the principal amount of Debentures to
         be converted and the date on which such conversion is to be effected (a
         "CONVERSION  DATE").  If no Conversion Date is specified in


                                       7
<PAGE>


         a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such
         Notice of  Conversion  is  provided  hereunder.  To effect  conversions
         hereunder,  the Holder  shall not be required to  physically  surrender
         Debentures to the Company  unless the entire  principal  amount of this
         Debenture  plus all  accrued  and unpaid  interest  thereon has been so
         converted.  Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the
         outstanding  principal  amount of this  Debenture in an amount equal to
         the  applicable  conversion.  The Holder and the Company shall maintain
         records  showing the  principal  amount  converted and the date of such
         conversions.  The Company  shall deliver any objection to any Notice of
         Conversion  within 1 Business  Day of receipt  of such  notice.  In the
         event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Holder shall be
         controlling and  determinative  in the absence of manifest  error.  The
         Holder and any assignee,  by acceptance of this Debenture,  acknowledge
         and  agree  that,  by  reason  of the  provisions  of  this  paragraph,
         following  conversion  of a portion of this  Debenture,  the unpaid and
         unconverted  principal  amount of this  Debenture  may be less than the
         amount stated on the face hereof.

                  b) CONVERSION  PRICE.  The  conversion  price in effect on any
         Conversion  Date  shall  be  equal  to  $2.00  (subject  to  adjustment
         herein)(the "CONVERSION PRICE").

                  c) CONVERSION LIMITATIONS.

                           i. [INTENTIONALLY DELETED]

                           ii. HOLDER'S  RESTRICTION ON CONVERSION.  The Company
                  shall not effect any  conversion  of this  Debenture,  and the
                  Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this
                  Debenture,  pursuant  to  Section  4(a) or  otherwise,  to the
                  extent that after giving effect to such conversion, the Holder
                  (together with the Holder's  affiliates),  as set forth on the
                  applicable  Notice of Conversion,  would  beneficially  own in
                  excess of 4.99% of the  number of shares of the  Common  Stock
                  outstanding   immediately   after   giving   effect   to  such
                  conversion. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number
                  of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and
                  its  affiliates  shall  include the number of shares of Common
                  Stock issuable upon  conversion of this Debenture with respect
                  to which the determination of such sentence is being made, but
                  shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would
                  be issuable upon (A) conversion of the remaining, nonconverted
                  portion of this Debenture  beneficially owned by the Holder or
                  any of its  affiliates  and (B) exercise or  conversion of the
                  unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of
                  the  Company  (including,   without   limitation,   any  other
                  Debentures  or  the  Warrants)  subject  to  a  limitation  on
                  conversion or exercise  analogous to the limitation  contained
                  herein  beneficially  owned  by  the  Holder  or  any  of  its
                  affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for
                  purposes of this Section 4(c)(ii),  beneficial ownership shall
                  be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
                  Act.  To the  extent  that the  limitation  contained  in this
                  section applies,  the  determination of whether this Debenture
                  is convertible (in relation to other  securities  owned by the
                  Holder)  and  of  which  a  portion  of  this   Debenture   is
                  convertible shall be in the sole discretion of such Holder. To
                  ensure  compliance with this  restriction,


                                       8
<PAGE>


                  the Holder will be deemed to  represent  to the  Company  each
                  time it  delivers a Notice of  Conversion  that such Notice of
                  Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth in this
                  paragraph  and the Company  shall have no obligation to verify
                  or confirm the accuracy of such determination. For purposes of
                  this  Section   4(c)(ii),   in   determining   the  number  of
                  outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the
                  number of  outstanding  shares of Common Stock as reflected in
                  (x) the  Company's  most recent Form 10-Q or Form 10-K, as the
                  case may be,  (y) a more  recent  public  announcement  by the
                  Company  or  (z)  any  other  notice  by  the  Company  or the
                  Company's Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of
                  Common Stock outstanding.  Upon the written or oral request of
                  the Holder,  the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm
                  orally  and in  writing  to the Holder the number of shares of
                  Common  Stock  then  outstanding.  In any case,  the number of
                  outstanding  shares of Common Stock shall be determined  after
                  giving  effect to the  conversion or exercise of securities of
                  the Company,  including this  Debenture,  by the Holder or its
                  affiliates   since  the  date  as  of  which  such  number  of
                  outstanding   shares  of  Common  Stock  was   reported.   The
                  provisions  of this  Section  4(c)(ii)  may be  waived  by the
                  Holder upon,  at the election of the Holder,  not less than 61
                  days' prior notice to the Company,  and the provisions of this
                  Section  4(c)(ii)  shall continue to apply until such 61st day
                  (or such later date, as  determined  by the Holder,  as may be
                  specified in such notice of waiver).

                  d) MECHANICS OF CONVERSION.

                           i.  CONVERSION  SHARES  ISSUABLE  UPON  CONVERSION OF
                  PRINCIPAL  AMOUNT.  The  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock
                  issuable  upon a conversion  hereunder  shall be determined by
                  the  quotient   obtained  by  dividing  (x)  the   outstanding
                  principal  amount of this Debenture to be converted by (y) the
                  Conversion Price.

                           ii.  DELIVERY OF  CERTIFICATE  UPON  CONVERSION.  Not
                  later than three Trading Days after any  Conversion  Date, the
                  Company  will  deliver  to the  Holder  (A) a  certificate  or
                  certificates representing the Conversion Shares which shall be
                  free of restrictive  legends and trading  restrictions  (other
                  than those  required by the Purchase  Agreement)  representing
                  the number of shares of Common Stock being  acquired  upon the
                  conversion of Debentures  (including,  if so timely elected by
                  the Company,  shares of Common Stock  representing the payment
                  of  accrued  interest)  and (B) a bank  check in the amount of
                  accrued and unpaid interest (if the Company is required to pay
                  accrued interest in cash). The Company shall, if available and
                  if allowed  under  applicable  securities  laws,  use its best
                  efforts to deliver any certificate or certificates required to
                  be delivered by the Company under this Section  electronically
                  through   the   Depository   Trust   Corporation   or  another
                  established clearing corporation performing similar functions.

                           iii. FAILURE TO DELIVER CERTIFICATES.  If in the case
                  of any Notice of Conversion  such  certificate or certificates
                  are not delivered to or as directed by the  applicable  Holder
                  by the fifth Trading Day after a Conversion Date, the


                                       9
<PAGE>


                  Holder  shall be entitled by written  notice to the Company at
                  any time on or before the Holder's receipt of such certificate
                  or certificates  thereafter,  to rescind such  conversion,  in
                  which  event  the  Company   shall   immediately   return  the
                  certificates  representing  the principal amount of Debentures
                  tendered for conversion.

                           iv. OBLIGATION ABSOLUTE;  PARTIAL LIQUIDATED DAMAGES.
                  If the  Company  fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder
                  such certificate or certificates  pursuant to Section 4(d)(ii)
                  by the  fifth  Trading  Day  after the  Conversion  Date,  the
                  Company  shall  pay to such  Holder,  in cash,  as  liquidated
                  damages  and not as a penalty,  for each  $2,000 of  principal
                  amount being converted, $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20
                  per Trading Day after 5 Trading Days after such damages  begin
                  to accrue) for each  Trading Day after such fifth  Trading Day
                  until such certificates are delivered; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that
                  the Company  shall not be obligated to pay any per Trading Day
                  liquidated damages with respect to delays directly caused by a
                  Force Majeure;  PROVIDED,  FURTHER, the Company shall use best
                  efforts to remedy or  overcome  such  failures  as promptly as
                  possible.  The Company's  obligations to issue and deliver the
                  Conversion   Shares  upon  conversion  of  this  Debenture  in
                  accordance   with  the   terms   hereof   are   absolute   and
                  unconditional,  irrespective  of any action or inaction by the
                  Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect
                  to any provision hereof,  the recovery of any judgment against
                  any Person or any action to enforce  the same,  or any setoff,
                  counterclaim,  recoupment,  limitation or termination,  or any
                  breach or alleged  breach by the Holder or any other Person of
                  any  obligation  to the  Company or any  violation  or alleged
                  violation  of law by the  Holder  or  any  other  person,  and
                  irrespective of any other  circumstance  which might otherwise
                  limit  such  obligation  of  the  Company  to  the  Holder  in
                  connection  with  the  issuance  of  such  Conversion  Shares;
                  PROVIDED, HOWEVER, such delivery shall not operate as a waiver
                  by the Company of any such action the Company may have against
                  the  Holder.  In the  event a Holder of this  Debenture  shall
                  elect  to  convert  any or all  of the  outstanding  principal
                  amount hereof,  the Company may not refuse conversion based on
                  any claim that the Holder or any one  associated or affiliated
                  with the Holder of has been  engaged in any  violation of law,
                  agreement or for any other reason,  unless, an injunction from
                  a court, on notice, restraining and or enjoining conversion of
                  all or part of this  Debenture  shall  have  been  sought  and
                  obtained  and the Company  posts a surety bond for the benefit
                  of the Holder in the amount of 150% of the principal amount of
                  this   Debenture   outstanding,   which  is   subject  to  the
                  injunction,  which  bond  shall  remain  in  effect  until the
                  completion  of  arbitration/litigation  of the dispute and the
                  proceeds  of which  shall be  payable  to such  Holder  to the
                  extent it obtains  judgment.  In the absence of an  injunction
                  precluding the same, the Company shall issue Conversion Shares
                  or, if applicable,  cash, upon a properly noticed  conversion.
                  Nothing  herein shall limit a Holder's  right to pursue actual
                  damages or declare an Event of Default  pursuant  to Section 8
                  herein for the Company's failure to deliver  Conversion Shares
                  within the period  specified herein and such Holder shall have
                  the right to pursue all remedies  available to it at law or in
                  equity  including,  without  limitation,  a decree of specific


                                       10
<PAGE>


                  performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such
                  rights  shall not prohibit the Holders from seeking to enforce
                  damages   pursuant  to  any  other  Section  hereof  or  under
                  applicable law.

                           v.  COMPENSATION  FOR  BUY-IN  ON  FAILURE  TO TIMELY
                  DELIVER CERTIFICATES UPON CONVERSION. In addition to any other
                  rights  available to the Holder,  if the Company fails for any
                  reason  to  deliver  to  the  Holder   such   certificate   or
                  certificates  pursuant  to  Section  4(d)(ii)  by the  seventh
                  Trading  Day  after the  Conversion  Date,  and if after  such
                  seventh  Trading Day the Holder is  required by its  brokerage
                  firm to purchase (in an open market  transaction or otherwise)
                  Common  Stock to  deliver  in  satisfaction  of a sale by such
                  Holder of the Conversion  Shares which the Holder  anticipated
                  receiving upon such conversion (a "BUY-IN"),  then the Company
                  shall  (A) pay in  cash  to the  Holder  (in  addition  to any
                  remedies  available to or elected by the Holder) the amount by
                  which  (x)  the  Holder's  total  purchase  price   (including
                  brokerage  commissions,  if  any)  for  the  Common  Stock  so
                  purchased  exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number
                  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  that  such  Holder  anticipated
                  receiving from the  conversion at issue  multiplied by (2) the
                  actual sale price of the Common  Stock at the time of the sale
                  (including brokerage commissions,  if any) giving rise to such
                  purchase  obligation  and  (B) at the  option  of the  Holder,
                  either  reissue  Debentures  in principal  amount equal to the
                  principal amount of the attempted conversion or deliver to the
                  Holder  the  number of shares of Common  Stock that would have
                  been issued had the Company timely  complied with its delivery
                  requirements  under  Section  4(d)(ii).  For  example,  if the
                  Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of
                  $11,000  to  cover  a  Buy-In  with  respect  to an  attempted
                  conversion of Debentures with respect to which the actual sale
                  price  of the  Conversion  Shares  at  the  time  of the  sale
                  (including brokerage commissions,  if any) giving rise to such
                  purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of
                  the  immediately  preceding  sentence,  the  Company  shall be
                  required to pay the Holder  $1,000.  The Holder shall  provide
                  the Company  written notice  indicating the amounts payable to
                  the Holder in respect of the Buy-In.  Notwithstanding anything
                  contained  herein to the  contrary,  if a Holder  requires the
                  Company to make payment in respect of a Buy-In for the failure
                  to  timely  deliver  certificates  hereunder  and the  Company
                  timely pays in full such  payment,  the  Company  shall not be
                  required to pay such Holder  liquidated  damages under Section
                  4(d)(iv)  in respect  of the  certificates  resulting  in such
                  Buy-In.

                           vi.  RESERVATION OF SHARES ISSUABLE UPON  CONVERSION.
                  The Company  covenants  that it will at all times  reserve and
                  keep available out of its  authorized  and unissued  shares of
                  Common  Stock   solely  for  the  purpose  of  issuance   upon
                  conversion  of the  Debentures  and payment of interest on the
                  Debenture,  each as  herein  provided,  free  from  preemptive
                  rights  or any  other  actual  contingent  purchase  rights of
                  persons  other than the Holders,  not less than such number of
                  shares of the Common Stock as shall (subject to any additional
                  requirements  of the Company as to  reservation of such shares
                  set forth in the Purchase


                                       11
<PAGE>


                  Agreement)  be issuable  (taking into account the  adjustments
                  and  restrictions  of  Section 5) upon the  conversion  of the
                  outstanding  principal amount of the Debentures and payment of
                  interest  hereunder.  The Company covenants that all shares of
                  Common Stock that shall be so issuable  shall,  upon issue, be
                  duly  and   validly   authorized,   issued  and  fully   paid,
                  nonassessable  and,  if the  Registration  Statement  is  then
                  effective under the Securities Act, registered for public sale
                  in accordance with such Registration Statement.

                           vii. FRACTIONAL SHARES.  Upon a conversion  hereunder
                  the Company shall not be required to issue stock  certificates
                  representing  fractions of shares of the Common Stock, but may
                  if otherwise permitted,  make a cash payment in respect of any
                  final  fraction of a share based on the Closing  Price at such
                  time. If the Company elects not, or is unable,  to make such a
                  cash payment, the Holder shall be entitled to receive, in lieu
                  of the final  fraction  of a share,  one whole share of Common
                  Stock.

                           viii.  TRANSFER  TAXES.  The issuance of certificates
                  for shares of the Common Stock on conversion of the Debentures
                  shall be made  without  charge to the Holders  thereof for any
                  documentary  stamp or  similar  taxes  that may be  payable in
                  respect of the issue or delivery of such certificate, provided
                  that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may
                  be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance
                  and delivery of any such certificate upon conversion in a name
                  other than that of the Holder of such  Debentures so converted
                  and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such
                  certificates  unless or until the person or persons requesting
                  the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount
                  of such tax or shall have  established to the  satisfaction of
                  the Company that such tax has been paid.

                  e) FORCED CONVERSION.  Notwithstanding  anything herein to the
         contrary and subject to the conditions hereunder, if after the 12 month
         anniversary  of the date of the Purchase  Agreement,  the Closing Price
         for each of any 20 consecutive Trading Days ("THRESHOLD PERIOD"), which
         20 consecutive  Trading Day period shall have commenced only after such
         anniversary  date,  exceeds  $3.50 and (ii) the average  daily  trading
         volume for the same period  exceeds  100,000  shares (both (i) and (ii)
         hereof  adjusted  for any stock  splits,  reverse  splits  and the like
         occurring after the Original Issue Date),  then the Company may, within
         two Trading Days of the end of any such period, deliver a notice to the
         Holder  (a  "FORCED  CONVERSION  NOTICE"  and the date  such  notice is
         received by the Holder,  the "FORCED  CONVERSION NOTICE Date") to cause
         the Holder to immediately convert all of the then outstanding principal
         amount of Debentures pursuant to Section 4. The Company may only effect
         a Forced  Conversion  Notice if all of the  Equity  Conditions  are met
         through  the  applicable   Threshold  Period  until  the  date  of  the
         applicable  Forced  Conversion.  Any Forced Conversion shall be applied
         ratably to all Holders based on their  initial  purchases of Debentures
         pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.  Notwithstanding anything herein to
         the  contrary,  in the event  the  Company  issues a Forced  Conversion
         Notice and,  because of any  limitation  on  issuance,  it is unable to
         force


                                       12
<PAGE>


         the Holder to convert all of the  outstanding  principal  amount of the
         Debenture, the Company shall not have the right to issue another Forced
         Conversion  Notice for at least 30 days and at such time all conditions
         hereunder  must again be met,  including the pricing  condition and the
         Equity  Conditions.  In  addition,  notwithstanding  anything  in  this
         Section 4(e) to the contrary,  in the event the Company issues a Forced
         Conversion  Notice and, because of the limitation on issuance set forth
         in Section 4(c)(ii), it is unable to force the Holder to convert all of
         the  outstanding  principal  amount  of the  Debenture,  then:  (i) the
         portion of the unpaid  principal amount of the Debenture that cannot be
         converted  (the "BLOCKED  AMOUNT")  shall remain  outstanding  (and the
         Maturity Date with respect  thereto shall be extended,  if  applicable)
         until such time as the Holder  converts the Blocked  Amount into Common
         Stock in  accordance  with this  Debenture  or the  Company  repays the
         Blocked  Amount or  converts  the Blocked  Amount into Common  Stock in
         accordance  with this  Debenture;  (ii) interest on the Blocked  Amount
         shall cease to accrue from and after the Forced Conversion Notice Date;
         (iii)  the  Holder  shall  continue  to have the right to  convert  the
         Blocked  Amount into Common Stock from and after the Forced  Conversion
         Notice Date in accordance  with the terms of this  Debenture;  and (iv)
         the  Company  shall have the right to convert the  Blocked  Amount,  or
         portion  thereof,  into shares of Common Stock in  accordance  with the
         terms of this  Debenture  upon  written  notice to the Holder the first
         moment after the Forced  Conversion  Notice Date when Section  4(c)(ii)
         would not prevent such conversion, subject to the Equity Conditions.

         SECTION 5. CERTAIN ADJUSTMENTS.

                  a) STOCK  DIVIDENDS AND STOCK SPLITS.  If the Company,  at any
         time  while  the  Debentures  are  outstanding:  (A)  shall pay a stock
         dividend or otherwise make a distribution or distributions on shares of
         its Common  Stock or any other equity or equity  equivalent  securities
         payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall
         not include any shares of Common Stock  issued by the Company  pursuant
         to this  Debenture,  including  as  interest  thereon),  (B)  subdivide
         outstanding  shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (C)
         combine (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of
         Common  Stock  into  a  smaller  number  of  shares,  or (D)  issue  by
         reclassification  of shares of the  Common  Stock any shares of capital
         stock of the Company,  then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by
         a  fraction  of which the  numerator  shall be the  number of shares of
         Common Stock  (excluding  treasury shares,  if any) outstanding  before
         such event and of which the  denominator  shall be the number of shares
         of Common  Stock  outstanding  after such event.  Any  adjustment  made
         pursuant to this Section shall become effective  immediately  after the
         record date for the  determination of stockholders  entitled to receive
         such dividend or distribution  and shall become  effective  immediately
         after the effective date in the case of a  subdivision,  combination or
         re-classification.

                  b) SUBSEQUENT EQUITY SALES. From the Original Issue Date until
         the 18 month anniversary of the date of the Purchase Agreement,  if the
         Company or any Subsidiary  thereof,  as  applicable,  at any time while
         Debentures  are  outstanding,  shall offer,  sell,  grant any option to
         purchase  or offer,  sell or grant any right to reprice  the  Company's


                                       13
<PAGE>


         (but not the Subsidiary's) securities, or otherwise dispose of or issue
         (or announce any offer,  sale, grant or any option to purchase or other
         disposition) any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents entitling any
         Person to acquire  shares of Common  Stock,  at an effective  price per
         share less than the then Conversion  Price (such lower price, the "BASE
         CONVERSION  PRICE"  and  such  issuances   collectively,   a  "DILUTIVE
         ISSUANCE"), as adjusted hereunder (if the holder of the Common Stock or
         Common  Stock  Equivalents  so  issued  shall at any time,  whether  by
         operation of purchase price  adjustments,  reset  provisions,  floating
         conversion,  exercise  or  exchange  prices  or  otherwise,  or  due to
         warrants,  options  or rights per share  which is issued in  connection
         with such issuance,  but excluding adjustments resulting from customary
         price-based  anti-dilution provisions, be entitled to receive shares of
         Common  Stock at an  effective  price per share  which is less than the
         Conversion  Price,  such issuance  shall be deemed to have occurred for
         less than the Conversion  Price),  then the  Conversion  Price shall be
         reduced  by  multiplying  the  Conversion  Price  by  a  fraction,  the
         numerator  of which is the number of shares of Common  Stock issued and
         outstanding  immediately prior to the Dilutive Issuance plus the number
         of shares  of  Common  Stock and  Common  Stock  Equivalents  which the
         aggregate  consideration  received or receivable by the  Corporation in
         connection  with such  Dilutive  Issuance  would  purchase  at the then
         effective  Conversion  Price, and the denominator of which shall be the
         sum of the  number of shares of Common  Stock  issued  and  outstanding
         immediately prior to the Dilutive Issuance plus the number of shares of
         Common  Stock and Common  Stock  Equivalents  so issued or  issuable in
         connection with the Dilutive Issuance;  PROVIDED, HOWEVER, prior to the
         date the Company  obtains  Shareholder  Approval in accordance with the
         rules and  regulations  of the  Trading  Market,  in no event shall the
         Conversion  Price be  adjusted  under  this  Section  5(b) to less than
         $1.95,  subject to  adjustment  for reverse and forward  stock  splits,
         stock dividends,  stock combinations and other similar  transactions of
         the  Common  Stock  that occur  after the date of this  Agreement  (the
         "FLOOR  PRICE").  The Company  shall  notify the Holder in writing,  no
         later than the third  Business Day following the issuance of any Common
         Stock or Common Stock Equivalents  subject to this section,  indicating
         therein the applicable  issuance price,  or of applicable  reset price,
         exchange price,  conversion  price and other pricing terms (such notice
         the "DILUTIVE ISSUANCE NOTICE"). For purposes of clarification, whether
         or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this
         Section 5(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive  Issuance,  after the
         date of such  Dilutive  Issuance  the Holder is  entitled  to receive a
         number  of  Conversion  Shares  based  upon the Base  Conversion  Price
         regardless  of  whether  the  Holder  accurately  refers  to  the  Base
         Conversion Price in the Notice of Conversion.

                  c) PRO RATA  DISTRIBUTIONS.  If the Company, at any time while
         Debentures are  outstanding,  shall distribute to all holders of Common
         Stock (and not to Holders)  evidences of its  indebtedness or assets or
         rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any  security,  then in
         each such case the Conversion  Price shall be determined by multiplying
         such Conversion  Price in effect  immediately  prior to the record date
         fixed for  determination  of  stockholders  entitled  to  receive  such
         distribution by a fraction of which


                                       14
<PAGE>


         the denominator  shall be the Closing Price determined as of the record
         date mentioned  above, and of which the numerator shall be such Closing
         Price on such  record  date  less the then  fair  market  value at such
         record date of the  portion of such assets or evidence of  indebtedness
         so distributed  applicable to one outstanding share of the Common Stock
         as determined  by the Board of Directors in good faith.  In either case
         the  adjustments  shall be  described  in a  statement  provided to the
         Holders  of the  portion  of assets or  evidences  of  indebtedness  so
         distributed  or such  subscription  rights  applicable  to one share of
         Common  Stock.   Such  adjustment  shall  be  made  whenever  any  such
         distribution is made and shall become effective  immediately  after the
         record date mentioned above.

                  d)  FUNDAMENTAL  TRANSACTION.  If,  at  any  time  while  this
         Debenture  is  outstanding,  (A) the  Company  effects  any  merger  or
         consolidation  of the  Company  with or into  another  Person,  (B) the
         Company effects any sale of all or  substantially  all of its assets in
         one or a  series  of  related  transactions,  (C) any  tender  offer or
         exchange offer (whether by the Company or another  Person) is completed
         pursuant to which  holders of Common  Stock are  permitted to tender or
         exchange their shares for other  securities,  cash or property,  or (D)
         the Company  effects any  reclassification  of the Common  Stock or any
         compulsory  share  exchange  pursuant  to  which  the  Common  Stock is
         effectively  converted into or exchanged for other securities,  cash or
         property (in any such case, a "FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION"), then upon any
         subsequent  conversion  of this  Debenture,  the Holder  shall have the
         right to  receive,  for each  Conversion  Share  that  would  have been
         issuable upon such conversion absent such Fundamental Transaction,  the
         same kind and amount of  securities,  cash or property as it would have
         been  entitled  to  receive  upon the  occurrence  of such  Fundamental
         Transaction  if it had  been,  immediately  prior  to such  Fundamental
         Transaction,  the holder of one share of Common  Stock (the  "ALTERNATE
         CONSIDERATION"). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination
         of the  Conversion  Price shall be  appropriately  adjusted to apply to
         such  Alternate   Consideration   based  on  the  amount  of  Alternate
         Consideration  issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such
         Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Conversion
         Price  among  the  Alternate   Consideration  in  a  reasonable  manner
         reflecting  the  relative  value  of any  different  components  of the
         Alternate  Consideration.  If  holders  of  Common  Stock are given any
         choice as to the  securities,  cash or  property  to be  received  in a
         Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice
         as to the Alternate  Consideration  it receives upon any  conversion of
         this Debenture  following such Fundamental  Transaction.  To the extent
         necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions,  any successor to the
         Company or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall issue
         to the Holder a new debenture  consistent with the foregoing provisions
         and  evidencing  the  Holder's  right to convert  such  debenture  into
         Alternate Consideration. The terms of any agreement pursuant to which a
         Fundamental  Transaction is effected shall include terms  requiring any
         such  successor or surviving  entity to comply with the  provisions  of
         this  paragraph  (c) and  insuring  that  this  Debenture  (or any such
         replacement  security)  will be similarly  adjusted upon any subsequent
         transaction analogous to a Fundamental Transaction.


                                       15
<PAGE>



                  e) CALCULATIONS.  All calculations  under this Section 5 shall
         be made to the nearest cent or the nearest  1/100th of a share,  as the
         case may be. The number of shares of Common  Stock  outstanding  at any
         given time shall not  includes  shares of Common Stock owned or held by
         or for the  account of the  Company,  and the  description  of any such
         shares of Common Stock shall be  considered  on issue or sale of Common
         Stock.  For  purposes of this Section 5, the number of shares of Common
         Stock deemed to be issued and  outstanding  as of a given date shall be
         the sum of the  number of shares of Common  Stock  (excluding  treasury
         shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

                  f)  EXEMPT  ISSUANCE.   Notwithstanding   the  foregoing,   no
         adjustment  will be made under  this  Section 5 in respect of an Exempt
         Issuance.

                  g) NOTICE TO HOLDERS.

                           i.  ADJUSTMENT  TO  CONVERSION  PRICE.  Whenever  the
                  Conversion  Price is adjusted  pursuant to any of this Section
                  5, the  Company  shall  promptly  mail to each Holder a notice
                  setting forth the Conversion  Price after such  adjustment and
                  setting forth a brief  statement of the facts  requiring  such
                  adjustment.

                           ii. NOTICE TO ALLOW CONVERSION BY HOLDER.  If (A) the
                  Company shall  declare a dividend (or any other  distribution)
                  on the Common  Stock;  (B) the Company shall declare a special
                  nonrecurring  cash  dividend on or a redemption  of the Common
                  Stock;  (C) the Company  shall  authorize  the granting to all
                  holders of the Common  Stock  rights or warrants to  subscribe
                  for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of
                  any  rights;  (D)  the  approval  of any  stockholders  of the
                  Company   shall   be   required   in   connection   with   any
                  reclassification  of the Common Stock,  any  consolidation  or
                  merger to which the  Company is a party,  any sale or transfer
                  of all or substantially  all of the assets of the Company,  of
                  any  compulsory  share  exchange  whereby the Common  Stock is
                  converted  into other  securities,  cash or property;  (E) the
                  Company  shall   authorize   the   voluntary  or   involuntary
                  dissolution,  liquidation  or winding up of the affairs of the
                  Company;  then,  in each case,  the Company  shall cause to be
                  filed at each office or agency  maintained  for the purpose of
                  conversion of the Debentures,  and shall cause to be mailed to
                  the Holders at their last  addresses as they shall appear upon
                  the stock  books of the  Company,  at least 20  calendar  days
                  prior to the applicable  record or effective date  hereinafter
                  specified,  a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is
                  to be taken for the  purpose of such  dividend,  distribution,
                  redemption,  rights or  warrants,  or if a record is not to be
                  taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of
                  record  to  be  entitled  to  such  dividend,   distributions,
                  redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the
                  date on which such  reclassification,  consolidation,  merger,
                  sale,  transfer  or  share  exchange  is  expected  to  become
                  effective  or close,  and the date as of which it is  expected
                  that  holders of the Common  Stock of record shall be entitled
                  to exchange  their shares of the Common Stock for  securities,
                  cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
                  consolidation,  merger,  sale,  transfer  or  share  exchange;
                  PROVIDED,


                                       16
<PAGE>


                  that the failure to mail such notice or any defect  therein or
                  in the mailing  thereof  shall not affect the  validity of the
                  corporate  action  required to be  specified  in such  notice.
                  Holders are entitled to convert  Debentures  during the 20-day
                  period  commencing  the date of such  notice to the  effective
                  date of the event triggering such notice.

         SECTION 6. RESERVED.

         SECTION 7. NEGATIVE COVENANTS. So long as any portion of this Debenture
is outstanding, the Company will not, directly or indirectly:

                  a) amend its  certificate  of  incorporation,  bylaws or other
         charter documents so as to adversely affect any rights of the Holder;

                  b) except as  permitted  by Holders of a majority in principal
         amount of all of the Debentures then outstanding,  repay, repurchase or
         offer to repay,  repurchase or otherwise acquire more than a DE MINIMIS
         number of shares of its Common Stock or other equity  securities  other
         than as to the  Conversion  Shares to the extent  permitted or required
         under  the  Transaction  Documents  or as  otherwise  permitted  by the
         Transaction Documents; or

                  c)  enter  into  any  agreement  with  respect  to  any of the
         foregoing.

         SECTION 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT.

                  a) "EVENT OF DEFAULT",  wherever used herein, means any one of
         the  following  events  (whatever  the reason  and  whether it shall be
         voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to
         any  judgment,  decree or order of any  court,  or any  order,  rule or
         regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

                           i. any  default in the  payment of (A) the  principal
                  amount of any Debenture, or (B) interest (including Late Fees)
                  on, or  liquidated  damages in respect of, any  Debenture,  in
                  each case free of any claim of subordination,  as and when the
                  same shall  become due and payable  (whether  on a  Conversion
                  Date or the Maturity  Date or by  acceleration  or  otherwise)
                  which  default,  solely in the case of an interest  payment or
                  other default under clause (B) above, is not cured,  within 10
                  calendar  days after notice of such default sent by the Holder
                  or by any other Holder;

                           ii. the Company shall  materially  fail to observe or
                  perform any other  covenant  or  agreement  contained  in this
                  Debenture (other than a breach addressed separately under this
                  Section  8(a) as an Event of  Default)  which  failure  is not
                  cured,  if  possible to cure,  within 25  calendar  days after
                  notice  of such  default  sent by the  Holder  or by any other
                  Holder;


                                       17
<PAGE>


                           iii. any  representation  or warranty made herein, in
                  any other  Transaction  Documents,  in any  written  statement
                  pursuant hereto or thereto, or in any other report,  financial
                  statement  or  certificate  made or delivered to the Holder or
                  any other holder of Debentures shall be untrue or incorrect in
                  any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made;

                           iv.  (i)  the  Company  or any  of  its  Subsidiaries
                  incorporated   or  organized   outside  of  Mexico  (each,   a
                  "NON-MEXICO  SUBSIDIARY")  shall  commence,  or there shall be
                  commenced   against  the   Company  or  any  such   Non-Mexico
                  Subsidiary,   a  case  under  any  applicable   bankruptcy  or
                  insolvency laws as now or hereafter in effect or any successor
                  thereto, or the Company or any Non-Mexico Subsidiary commences
                  any other  proceeding under any  reorganization,  arrangement,
                  adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency
                  or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction  whether now
                  or  hereafter  in  effect  relating  to  the  Company  or  any
                  Non-Mexico  Subsidiary  thereof  or (ii)  there  is  commenced
                  against the Company or any Non-Mexico  Subsidiary  thereof any
                  such bankruptcy,  insolvency or other proceeding which remains
                  undismissed  for a period of 60 days;  or (iii) the Company or
                  any Non-Mexico Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated by a court of
                  competent  jurisdiction insolvent or bankrupt; or any order of
                  relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is
                  entered;  or (iv) the  Company  or any  Non-Mexico  Subsidiary
                  thereof  suffers any  appointment of any custodian or the like
                  for it or any substantial part of its property which continues
                  undischarged  or unstayed for a period of 60 days;  or (v) the
                  Company or any Non-Mexico  Subsidiary  thereof makes a general
                  assignment  for the benefit of creditors;  or (vi) the Company
                  shall fail to pay, or shall state that it is unable to pay, or
                  shall be unable to pay,  its debts  generally  as they  become
                  due; or (vii) the Company or any Non-Mexico Subsidiary thereof
                  shall call a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging
                  a composition,  adjustment or  restructuring  of its debts; or
                  (viii) the Company or any Non-Mexico  Subsidiary thereof shall
                  by any act or failure to act  expressly  indicate  its consent
                  to, approval of or  acquiescence  in any of the foregoing;  or
                  (ix) any  corporate or other action is taken by the Company or
                  any Non-Mexico Subsidiary thereof for the purpose of effecting
                  any of the foregoing;

                           v. the  Company or any  Non-Mexico  Subsidiary  shall
                  default in any of its obligations  under any mortgage,  credit
                  agreement or other facility,  indenture  agreement,  factoring
                  agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued,
                  or by which there may be secured or evidenced any indebtedness
                  for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or
                  factoring  arrangement  of the Company in an amount  exceeding
                  $3,000,000,  whether  such  indebtedness  now  exists or shall
                  hereafter  be created and such  default  shall  result in such
                  indebtedness  becoming or being declared due and payable prior
                  to the  date  on  which  it  would  otherwise  become  due and
                  payable;


                                       18
<PAGE>


                           vi.  the  Common  Stock  shall  not be  eligible  for
                  quotation  on or quoted for  trading  on a Trading  Market and
                  shall  not again be  eligible  for and  quoted  or listed  for
                  trading thereon within five Trading Days;

                           vii.  the  Company  shall be a party to any Change of
                  Control  Transaction  or shall agree to sell or dispose of all
                  or in excess of 45% of its assets in one or more  transactions
                  (whether or not such sale would constitute a Change of Control
                  Transaction)  or shall  redeem  or  repurchase  more than a de
                  minimis  number of its  outstanding  shares of Common Stock or
                  other  equity  securities  of the  Company  (other than to the
                  extent  approved by Holders of a majority in principal  amount
                  of all of the  Debentures  then  outstanding,  and other  than
                  redemptions of Conversion  Shares and repurchases of shares of
                  Common Stock or other equity securities of departing  officers
                  and directors of the Company;  provided such repurchases shall
                  not exceed  $250,000,  in the aggregate,  for all officers and
                  directors during the term of this Debenture);

                           viii. a  Registration  Statement  shall not have been
                  declared  effective by the Commission on or prior to the 210th
                  calendar day after the Closing Date;

                           ix. if, during the  Effectiveness  Period (as defined
                  in the Registration  Rights  Agreement),  the effectiveness of
                  the Registration Statement lapses for any reason or the Holder
                  shall not be permitted to resell  Registrable  Securities  (as
                  defined  in  the  Registration  Rights  Agreement)  under  the
                  Registration  Statement,  in  either  case,  for more  than 20
                  consecutive  Trading Days or 25  non-consecutive  Trading Days
                  during any 12 month  period;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that in the
                  event that the Company is negotiating a merger, consolidation,
                  acquisition or sale of all or substantially  all of its assets
                  or a similar transaction and in the written opinion of counsel
                  to the Company, the Registration Statement,  would be required
                  to  be  amended  to  include   information   concerning   such
                  transactions  or the parties  thereto that is not available or
                  may not be publicly  disclosed at the time,  the Company shall
                  be permitted an additional 10 consecutive  Trading Days during
                  any 12 month period relating to such an event; and

                           x. the  Company  shall fail for any reason to deliver
                  certificates  to a Holder prior to the tenth Trading Day after
                  a Conversion  Date pursuant to and in accordance  with Section
                  4(d)  or the  Company  shall  provide  notice  to the  Holder,
                  including by way of public  announcement,  at any time, of its
                  intention not to comply with requests for  conversions  of any
                  Debentures in accordance with the terms hereof.

                  b)  REMEDIES  UPON EVENT OF  DEFAULT.  If any Event of Default
         occurs,  the full  principal  amount of this  Debenture,  together with
         interest and other  amounts  owing in respect  thereof,  to the date of
         acceleration  shall become, at the Holder's  election  delivered at any
         time  within  30  days of  written  notice  by the  Company  or  public
         disclosure  by the  Company  of the  occurrence  of  such an  Event  of
         Default, immediately


                                       19
<PAGE>


         due and payable in cash. The aggregate  amount payable upon an Event of
         Default shall be equal to the Mandatory Prepayment Amount. Commencing 5
         days after the  occurrence  of any Event of Default that results in the
         eventual  acceleration  of this  Debenture,  the interest  rate on this
         Debenture  shall  accrue at the rate of 15% per  annum,  or such  lower
         maximum  amount of interest  permitted to be charged  under  applicable
         law. All  Debentures  for which the full  Mandatory  Prepayment  Amount
         hereunder shall have been made in accordance herewith shall promptly be
         surrendered  to or as  directed  by the  Company.  The Holder  need not
         provide and the Company hereby waives any presentment,  demand, protest
         or other notice of any kind, and the Holder may immediately and without
         expiration  of any grace  period  enforce any and all of its rights and
         remedies  hereunder  and  all  other  remedies  available  to it  under
         applicable  law.  Such  declaration  may be  rescinded  and annulled by
         Holder at any time prior to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have
         all rights as a Debenture  holder until such time,  if any, as the full
         payment  under this  Section  shall have been  received  by it. No such
         rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or
         impair any right consequent thereon.

         SECTION 9. MISCELLANEOUS.

                  a)  NOTICES.  Any and all notices or other  communications  or
         deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder,  including, without
         limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered
         personally,  by facsimile,  sent by a nationally  recognized  overnight
         courier  service,  addressed to the  Company,  at the address set forth
         above,  facsimile number (323) 881-0332,  ATTN: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
         or such other  address or  facsimile  number as the Company may specify
         for such purposes by notice to the Holders delivered in accordance with
         this Section. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
         to be  provided  by the  Company  hereunder  shall  be in  writing  and
         delivered  personally,  by facsimile,  sent by a nationally  recognized
         overnight  courier  service  addressed to each Holder at the  facsimile
         telephone  number or address of such Holder  appearing  on the books of
         the  Company,  or if no such  facsimile  telephone  number  or  address
         appears,  at the principal place of business of the Holder.  Any notice
         or other  communication  or deliveries  hereunder shall be deemed given
         and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission,  if such
         notice or  communication  is delivered  via  facsimile at the facsimile
         telephone number specified in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York
         City  time),  (ii) the date  after  the date of  transmission,  if such
         notice or  communication  is delivered  via  facsimile at the facsimile
         telephone  number  specified in this Section  later than 5:30 p.m. (New
         York City time) on any date and earlier than 11:59 p.m.  (New York City
         time) on such date, (iii) the second Business Day following the date of
         mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service, or
         (iv) upon  actual  receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
         to be given.

                  b) ABSOLUTE  OBLIGATION.  Except as expressly provided herein,
         no provision of this Debenture  shall alter or impair the obligation of
         the Company, which is absolute and unconditional,  to pay the principal
         of, interest and liquidated  damages (if any) on, this Debenture at the
         time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency,  herein prescribed.


                                       20
<PAGE>


         This  Debenture  is a  direct  debt  obligation  of the  Company.  This
         Debenture  ranks PARI PASSU with all other  Debentures now or hereafter
         issued under the terms set forth herein.

                  c) LOST OR MUTILATED  DEBENTURE.  If this  Debenture  shall be
         mutilated,  lost,  stolen or  destroyed,  the Company shall execute and
         deliver,  in exchange and substitution  for and upon  cancellation of a
         mutilated  Debenture,  or in  lieu  of or in  substitution  for a lost,
         stolen or destroyed Debenture, a new Debenture for the principal amount
         of this Debenture so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed but only upon
         receipt  of  evidence  of  such  loss,  theft  or  destruction  of such
         Debenture,  and of the ownership hereof,  and indemnity,  if requested,
         all reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

                  d) GOVERNING LAW. All questions  concerning the  construction,
         validity,  enforcement  and  interpretation  of this Debenture shall be
         governed by and construed and enforced in accordance  with the internal
         laws of the State of New York,  without  regard  to the  principles  of
         conflicts of law thereof.  Each party agrees that all legal proceedings
         concerning  the   interpretations,   enforcement  and  defense  of  the
         transactions  contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether
         brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors,
         officers, shareholders,  employees or agents) shall be commenced in the
         state and federal  courts  sitting in the City of New York,  Borough of
         Manhattan (the "NEW YORK COURTS"). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably
         submits to the  exclusive  jurisdiction  of the New York Courts for the
         adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with
         any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with
         respect to the  enforcement of any of the Transaction  Documents),  and
         hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action
         or  proceeding,  any claim  that it is not  personally  subject  to the
         jurisdiction of any such court, or such New York Courts are improper or
         inconvenient  venue for such proceeding.  Each party hereby irrevocably
         waives personal service of process and consents to process being served
         in any such suit,  action or  proceeding  by mailing a copy thereof via
         registered or certified  mail or overnight  delivery  (with evidence of
         delivery)  to such party at the  address  in effect  for  notices to it
         under this Debenture and agrees that such service shall constitute good
         and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
         herein  shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve  process
         in any manner  permitted by law. Each party hereto  hereby  irrevocably
         waives,  to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all
         right  to  trial  by jury in any  legal  proceeding  arising  out of or
         relating to this Debenture or the transactions  contemplated hereby. If
         either  party  shall  commence an action or  proceeding  to enforce any
         provisions of this Debenture,  then the prevailing party in such action
         or proceeding  shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys
         fees and other  costs and  expenses  incurred  with the  investigation,
         preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

                  e) WAIVER. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder of a breach
         of any provision of this Debenture shall not operate as or be construed
         to be a waiver of any other  breach of such  provision or of any breach
         of any other provision of this Debenture. The failure of the Company or
         the  Holder  to  insist  upon  strict  adherence  to any  term  of this
         Debenture on one or more occasions  shall not be considered a waiver or
         deprive  that


                                       21
<PAGE>


         party of the right  thereafter to insist upon strict  adherence to that
         term or any  other  term  of  this  Debenture.  Any  waiver  must be in
         writing.

                  f)  SEVERABILITY.  If  any  provision  of  this  Debenture  is
         invalid, illegal or unenforceable,  the balance of this Debenture shall
         remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any person or
         circumstance,  it shall  nevertheless  remain  applicable  to all other
         persons and  circumstances.  If it shall be found that any  interest or
         other amount deemed  interest due hereunder  violates  applicable  laws
         governing  usury,  the applicable  rate of interest due hereunder shall
         automatically  be  lowered  to  equal  the  maximum  permitted  rate of
         interest.  The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do
         so) that it shall not at any time insist upon,  plead, or in any manner
         whatsoever  claim  or take the  benefit  or  advantage  of,  any  stay,
         extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the
         Company from paying all or any portion of the  principal of or interest
         on this Debenture as contemplated  herein,  wherever enacted, now or at
         any time  hereafter in force,  or which may affect the covenants or the
         performance  of this  indenture,  and the Company (to the extent it may
         lawfully do so) hereby  expressly  waives all  benefits or advantage of
         any such law,  and  covenants  that it will not,  by resort to any such
         law, hinder, delay or impeded the execution of any power herein granted
         to the Holder,  but will suffer and permit the  execution of every such
         as though no such law has been enacted.

                  g) NEXT BUSINESS DAY. Whenever any payment or other obligation
         hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment
         shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

                  h) HEADINGS. The headings contained herein are for convenience
         only,  do not  constitute  a part of this  Debenture  and  shall not be
         deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

                  i)  SECURITY  INTEREST.   This  Debenture  is  a  direct  debt
         obligation  of the Company and,  pursuant to the Security  Agreement is
         secured by the collateral  identified in the Security Agreement for the
         benefit of the Holders.


                              *********************


                                       22
<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the Company has caused this  Debenture to be duly
executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated.


                                  TARRANT APPAREL GROUP


                                  By:__________________________________________
                                       Name:  Corazon Reyes
                                       Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                       23
<PAGE>


                                     ANNEX A

                              NOTICE OF CONVERSION


         The undersigned hereby elects to convert principal under the 6% Secured
Convertible  Debenture of Tarrant Apparel Group, a California  corporation  (the
"COMPANY"),  due on December __, 2007, into shares of common stock, no par value
per share (the  "COMMON  STOCK"),  of the Company  according  to the  conditions
hereof,  as of the date written below. If shares are to be issued in the name of
a person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes
payable with respect thereto and is delivering  herewith such  certificates  and
opinions as reasonably requested by the Company in accordance therewith.  No fee
will be  charged  to the holder  for any  conversion,  except for such  transfer
taxes, if any.

         By the delivery of this Notice of Conversion the undersigned represents
and  warrants to the Company  that its  ownership  of the Common  Stock does not
exceed the amounts  determined in accordance  with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act, specified under Section 4 of this Debenture.

         The  undersigned   agrees  to  comply  with  the  prospectus   delivery
requirements  under  the  applicable  securities  laws in  connection  with  any
transfer of the aforesaid shares of Common Stock.

Conversion calculations:
                               Date to Effect Conversion:

                               Principal Amount of Debentures to be Converted:

                               Payment of Interest in Common Stock __ yes  __ no
                                        If yes,  $_____ of Interest  Accrued on
                                        Account of  Conversion at Issue.

                               Number of shares of Common  Stock to
                               be issued:


                               Signature:

                               Name:

                               Address:


                                       24
<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE 1

                               CONVERSION SCHEDULE

The 6% Secured Convertible Debentures due on December __, 2007, in the aggregate
principal amount of $____________  issued by Tarrant Apparel Group, a California
corporation.  This Conversion Schedule reflects conversions made under Section 4
of the above referenced Debenture.

                                     Dated:


                                              Aggregate
                                           Principal Amount
                                              Remaining
                                            Subsequent to
 Date of Conversion                          Conversion
(or for first entry,       Amount of        (or original
Original Issue Date)      Conversion       Principal Amount)      Company Attest
- --------------------      ----------       -----------------      --------------


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                       25

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-6.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.6
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6

                                 FORM OF WARRANT

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE
HAVE  BEEN  REGISTERED  WITH  THE  SECURITIES  AND  EXCHANGE  COMMISSION  OR THE
SECURITIES   COMMISSION  OF  ANY  STATE  IN  RELIANCE  UPON  AN  EXEMPTION  FROM
REGISTRATION  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OF 1933,  AS AMENDED  (THE  "SECURITIES
ACT"),  AND,  ACCORDINGLY,  MAY NOT BE OFFERED  OR SOLD  EXCEPT  PURSUANT  TO AN
EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
AVAILABLE  EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE  REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS  OF THE  SECURITIES  ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE  WITH  APPLICABLE  STATE
SECURITIES  LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO
SUCH  EFFECT,  THE  SUBSTANCE  OF WHICH SHALL BE  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE  TO THE
COMPANY.  THIS  SECURITY  AND THE  SECURITIES  ISSUABLE  UPON  EXERCISE  OF THIS
SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION  WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN  ACCOUNT OR OTHER
LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

                          COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

                To Purchase __________ Shares of Common Stock of

                              TARRANT APPAREL GROUP

                  THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE  WARRANT (the "WARRANT")  certifies
that, for value received,  _____________ (the "HOLDER"),  is entitled,  upon the
terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions  hereinafter
set forth,  at any time on or after June __, 2005 (the "INITIAL  EXERCISE DATE")
and on or prior to the close of  business  on the five year  anniversary  of the
Initial Exercise Date (the "TERMINATION DATE") but not thereafter,  to subscribe
for and purchase  from Tarrant  Apparel  Group,  a California  corporation  (the
"COMPANY"),  up to ______ shares (the "WARRANT  SHARES") of Common Stock, no par
value per share, of the Company (the "COMMON STOCK").  The purchase price of one
share of Common Stock under this Warrant  shall be equal to the Exercise  Price,
as defined in Section 2(b).

         SECTION  1.  DEFINITIONS.  Capitalized  terms  used  and not  otherwise
defined  herein shall have the  meanings  set forth in that  certain  Securities
Purchase Agreement (the "PURCHASE AGREEMENT"), dated December 6, 2004, among the
Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

         SECTION 2.   EXERCISE.

                  a)  EXERCISE  OF  WARRANT.  Exercise  of the  purchase  rights
         represented  by this  Warrant  may be made at any  time or  times on or
         after the Initial  Exercise Date and on or before the Termination  Date
         by  delivery to the Company of a duly  executed  facsimile  copy of the
         Notice of Exercise Form annexed  hereto (or such other office or agency
         of


                                        1
<PAGE>


         the Company as it may designate by notice in writing to the  registered
         Holder at the  address  of such  Holder  appearing  on the books of the
         Company);  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  within 5 Trading  Days of the date said
         Notice of Exercise is delivered  to the Company,  the Holder shall have
         surrendered  this  Warrant to the Company  and the  Company  shall have
         received payment of the aggregate  Exercise Price of the shares thereby
         purchased by wire transfer or cashier's  check drawn on a United States
         bank.

                  b) EXERCISE  PRICE.  The  exercise  price of the Common  Stock
         under this Warrant shall be $2.50, subject to adjustment hereunder (the
         "EXERCISE PRICE").

                  c) CASHLESS  EXERCISE.  If at any time after one year from the
         date of issuance of this  Warrant  there is no  effective  Registration
         Statement  registering  the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder,
         then  this  Warrant  may also be  exercised  at such time by means of a
         "cashless  exercise" in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a
         certificate  for the number of  Warrant  Shares  equal to the  quotient
         obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

                  (A) =    the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the
                           date of such election;

                  (B) =    the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted; and

                  (X) =    the number of Warrant  Shares  issuable upon exercise
                           of this Warrant in accordance  with the terms of this
                           Warrant  by means of a cash  exercise  rather  than a
                           cashless exercise.

                  Notwithstanding  anything  herein  to  the  contrary,  on  the
         Termination  Date,  this Warrant shall be  automatically  exercised via
         cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2(c).

                  d) EXERCISE LIMITATIONS.

                           i. HOLDER'S  RESTRICTIONS.  The Holder shall not have
                  the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to
                  Section  2(c) or  otherwise,  to the extent that after  giving
                  effect to such issuance after exercise,  the Holder  (together
                  with the Holder's affiliates),  as set forth on the applicable
                  Notice of Exercise,  would beneficially own in excess of 4.99%
                  of the  number  of  shares  of the  Common  Stock  outstanding
                  immediately after giving effect to such issuance. For purposes
                  of the  foregoing  sentence,  the  number  of shares of Common
                  Stock  beneficially  owned by the  Holder  and its  affiliates
                  shall  include the number of shares of Common  Stock  issuable
                  upon  exercise  of this  Warrant  with  respect  to which  the
                  determination  of such  sentence  is  being  made,  but  shall
                  exclude  the number of shares of Common  Stock  which would be
                  issuable  upon (A)  exercise  of the  remaining,  nonexercised
                  portion of this  Warrant  beneficially  owned by the Holder or
                  any of its  affiliates  and (B) exercise or  conversion of the
                  unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of
                  the


                                       2
<PAGE>


                  Company (including,  without limitation,  any other Debentures
                  or Warrants) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
                  analogous  to the  limitation  contained  herein  beneficially
                  owned by the  Holder or any of its  affiliates.  Except as set
                  forth in the preceding sentence,  for purposes of this Section
                  2(d)(i),   beneficial   ownership   shall  be   calculated  in
                  accordance  with Section  13(d) of the Exchange  Act, it being
                  acknowledged by Holder that the Company is not representing to
                  Holder that such  calculation  is in  compliance  with Section
                  13(d) of the Exchange Act and Holder is solely responsible for
                  any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To
                  the  extent  that the  limitation  contained  in this  Section
                  2(d)(i) applies,  the determination of whether this Warrant is
                  exercisable  (in  relation  to other  securities  owned by the
                  Holder) and of which a portion of this Warrant is  exercisable
                  shall  be in the  sole  discretion  of  such  Holder,  and the
                  submission of a Notice of Exercise  shall be deemed to be such
                  Holder's  determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable
                  (in relation to other  securities owned by such Holder) and of
                  which  portion of this  Warrant is  exercisable,  in each case
                  subject  to  such  aggregate  percentage  limitation,  and the
                  Company  shall have no  obligation  to verify or  confirm  the
                  accuracy of such  determination.  For purposes of this Section
                  2(d)(i),  in determining  the number of outstanding  shares of
                  Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
                  shares of Common Stock as reflected in (x) the Company's  most
                  recent Form 10-Q or Form 10-K,  as the case may be, (y) a more
                  recent  public  announcement  by the  Company or (z) any other
                  notice by the Company or the Company's  Transfer Agent setting
                  forth the number of shares of Common Stock  outstanding.  Upon
                  the written or oral request of the Holder,  the Company  shall
                  within two Trading Days  confirm  orally and in writing to the
                  Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then  outstanding.
                  In any case, the number of outstanding  shares of Common Stock
                  shall be determined  after giving effect to the  conversion or
                  exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant,
                  by the  Holder  or its  affiliates  since the date as of which
                  such  number  of  outstanding   shares  of  Common  Stock  was
                  reported. The provisions of this Section 2(d)(i) may be waived
                  by the Holder upon,  at the  election of the Holder,  not less
                  than 61 days' prior notice to the Company,  and the provisions
                  of this  Section  2(d)(i)  shall  continue to apply until such
                  61st day (or such later date, as determined by the Holder,  as
                  may be specified in such notice of waiver).

                           ii. [INTENTIONALLY DELETED]

                  e) MECHANICS OF EXERCISE.

                           i.  AUTHORIZATION  OF  WARRANT  SHARES.  The  Company
                  covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the
                  exercise of the purchase  rights  represented  by this Warrant
                  will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this
                  Warrant,  be duly authorized,  validly issued,  fully paid and
                  nonassessable  and free from all taxes,  liens and


                                       3
<PAGE>


                  charges in respect of the issue  thereof  (other than taxes in
                  respect of any transfer occurring  contemporaneously with such
                  issue).

                           ii.   DELIVERY   OF   CERTIFICATES   UPON   EXERCISE.
                  Certificates   for  shares   purchased   hereunder   shall  be
                  transmitted by the transfer agent of the Company to the Holder
                  by crediting the account of the Holder's prime broker with the
                  Depository Trust Company through its Deposit  Withdrawal Agent
                  Commission  ("DWAC") system if the Company is a participant in
                  such system, and otherwise by physical delivery to the address
                  specified  by the  Holder in the Notice of  Exercise  within 3
                  Trading Days from the delivery to the Company of the Notice of
                  Exercise  Form,  surrender  of this Warrant and payment of the
                  aggregate  Exercise Price as set forth above  ("WARRANT  SHARE
                  DELIVERY  DATE").  This  Warrant  shall be deemed to have been
                  exercised  on the date the  Exercise  Price is received by the
                  Company.  The  Warrant  Shares  shall be  deemed  to have been
                  issued,  and Holder or any other  person so  designated  to be
                  named  therein  shall be  deemed  to have  become a holder  of
                  record of such  shares  for all  purposes,  as of the date the
                  Warrant  has been  exercised  by payment to the Company of the
                  Exercise  Price  and  all  taxes  required  to be  paid by the
                  Holder,  if any,  pursuant to Section  2(e)(vii)  prior to the
                  issuance of such shares, have been paid.

                           iii. DELIVERY OF NEW WARRANTS UPON EXERCISE.  If this
                  Warrant shall have been  exercised in part, the Company shall,
                  at the time of delivery  of the  certificate  or  certificates
                  representing  Warrant Shares,  deliver to Holder a new Warrant
                  evidencing  the rights of Holder to purchase  the  unpurchased
                  Warrant  Shares called for by this Warrant,  which new Warrant
                  shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

                           iv. RESCISSION  RIGHTS. If the Company fails to cause
                  its transfer  agent to transmit to the Holder a certificate or
                  certificates  representing the Warrant Shares pursuant to this
                  Section  2(e)(iv) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the
                  Holder shall be entitled,  by written notice to the Company at
                  any time on or before the Holder's receipt of such certificate
                  or certificates, to rescind such exercise.

                           v.  COMPENSATION  FOR  BUY-IN  ON  FAILURE  TO TIMELY
                  DELIVER  CERTIFICATES UPON EXERCISE.  In addition to any other
                  rights available to the Holder,  if the Company fails to cause
                  its transfer  agent to transmit to the Holder a certificate or
                  certificates  representing  the Warrant Shares  pursuant to an
                  exercise  on or before the fourth  Trading Day  following  the
                  Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder
                  is  required  by its  broker to  purchase  (in an open  market
                  transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in
                  satisfaction  of a sale by the  Holder of the  Warrant  Shares
                  which the Holder  anticipated  receiving upon such exercise (a
                  "BUY-IN"),  then  the  Company  shall  (1)  pay in cash to the


                                       4
<PAGE>


                  Holder the  amount by which (x) the  Holder's  total  purchase
                  price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares
                  of Common Stock so purchased  exceeds (y) the amount  obtained
                  by  multiplying  (A) the  number of  Warrant  Shares  that the
                  Company was  required  to deliver to the Holder in  connection
                  with the  exercise  at issue  times (B) the price at which the
                  sell  order  giving  rise  to  such  purchase  obligation  was
                  executed,  and  (2)  at  the  option  of  the  Holder,  either
                  reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent  number of
                  Warrant  Shares for which  such  exercise  was not  honored or
                  deliver to the  Holder  the  number of shares of Common  Stock
                  that would have been  issued had the Company  timely  complied
                  with its  exercise  and delivery  obligations  hereunder.  For
                  example,  if the Holder  purchases Common Stock having a total
                  purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an
                  attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate
                  sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000,
                  under  clause (1) of the  immediately  preceding  sentence the
                  Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder
                  shall  provide  the  Company  written  notice  indicating  the
                  amounts  payable  to the  Holder  in  respect  of the  Buy-In,
                  together  with  applicable  confirmations  and other  evidence
                  reasonably  requested  by the  Company.  Nothing  herein shall
                  limit a Holder's right to pursue any other remedies  available
                  to it  hereunder,  at  law  or in  equity  including,  without
                  limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
                  relief with respect to the Company's failure to timely deliver
                  certificates representing shares of Common Stock upon exercise
                  of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

                           vi. NO  FRACTIONAL  SHARES OR  SCRIP.  No  fractional
                  shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued
                  upon the  exercise of this  Warrant.  As to any  fraction of a
                  share which  Holder  would  otherwise  be entitled to purchase
                  upon such exercise, the Company shall pay a cash adjustment in
                  respect  of such  final  fraction  in an amount  equal to such
                  fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price.

                           vii.  CHARGES,   TAXES  AND  EXPENSES.   Issuance  of
                  certificates  for Warrant  Shares shall be made without charge
                  to  the  Holder  for  any  issue  or  transfer  tax  or  other
                  incidental   expense  in  respect  of  the  issuance  of  such
                  certificate,  all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by
                  the Company, and such certificates shall be issued in the name
                  of the Holder or in such name or names as may be  directed  by
                  the Holder; PROVIDED,  HOWEVER, that in the event certificates
                  for  Warrant  Shares are to be issued in a name other than the
                  name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise
                  shall be accompanied by the  Assignment  Form attached  hereto
                  duly executed by the Holder; and the Company may require, as a
                  condition  thereto,   the  payment  of  a  sum  sufficient  to
                  reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto.


                                       5
<PAGE>


                           viii.  CLOSING OF BOOKS.  The Company  will not close
                  its stockholder  books or records in any manner which prevents
                  the timely  exercise  of this  Warrant,  pursuant to the terms
                  hereof.

         f) CALL  PROVISION.  Subject to the provisions of this Section 2(f), if
after the 12 month  anniversary of the date of the Purchase  Agreement,  (i) the
VWAP for each of 20 consecutive  Trading Days (the "MEASUREMENT  PERIOD",  which
period shall not have  commenced  until after the Effective  Date) exceeds $4.00
(the  "THRESHOLD  PRICE")  and (ii) the  average  daily  trading  volume for the
Threshold  Period  exceeds  100,000  shares (both adjusted for any stock splits,
reverse splits and the like occurring after the Initial Exercise Date), then the
Company  may,  within  two  Trading  Days of the end of such  period,  call  for
cancellation  of all or any  portion  of this  Warrant  for  which a  Notice  of
Exercise has not yet been  delivered  (such right,  a "CALL").  To exercise this
right,  the Company must deliver to the Holder an irrevocable  written notice (a
"CALL NOTICE"),  indicating  therein the portion of unexercised  portion of this
Warrant to which such notice applies. If the conditions set forth below for such
Call are satisfied  from the period from the date of the Call Notice through and
including  the Call Date (as defined  below),  then any portion of this  Warrant
subject to such Call Notice for which a Notice of  Exercise  shall not have been
received by the Call Date will be cancelled at 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on
the tenth  Trading  Day after the date the Call Notice is received by the Holder
(such date, the "CALL DATE").  Any unexercised  portion of this Warrant to which
the Call Notice does not pertain  will be  unaffected  by such Call  Notice.  In
furtherance  thereof,  the Company  covenants  and agrees that it will honor all
Notices of Exercise with respect to Warrant Shares subject to a Call Notice that
are  tendered  through  6:30 p.m.  (New York City  time) on the Call  Date.  The
parties  agree that any Notice of  Exercise  delivered  following  a Call Notice
shall  first  reduce to zero the number of Warrant  Shares  subject to such Call
Notice prior to reducing the  remaining  Warrant  Shares  available for purchase
under this Warrant.  For example, if (x) this Warrant then permits the Holder to
acquire 100 Warrant Shares, (y) a Call Notice pertains to 75 Warrant Shares, and
(z) prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the Call Date the Holder  tenders
a Notice of Exercise in respect of 50 Warrant Shares,  then (1) on the Call Date
the right under this Warrant to acquire 25 Warrant Shares will be  automatically
cancelled,  (2) the Company, in the time and manner required under this Warrant,
will have issued and delivered to the Holder 50 Warrant Shares in respect of the
exercises  following  receipt of the Call Notice,  and (3) the Holder may, until
the  Termination  Date,  exercise this Warrant for 25 Warrant Shares (subject to
adjustment as herein provided and subject to subsequent  Call Notices).  Subject
again to the provisions of this Section 2(f), the Company may deliver subsequent
Call Notices for any portion of this Warrant for which the Holder shall not have
delivered a Notice of  Exercise.  Notwithstanding  anything to the  contrary set
forth in this Warrant,  the Company may not deliver a Call Notice or require the
cancellation  of this Warrant (and any Call Notice will be void),  unless,  from
the beginning of the 20th consecutive Trading Days used to determine whether the
Common Stock has achieved the  Threshold  Price  through the Call Date,  (i) the
Company  shall have  honored in  accordance  with the terms of this  Warrant all
Notices  of  Exercise  delivered  by 6:30 p.m.  (New York City time) on the Call
Date,  (ii) the  Registration  Statement  shall be  effective  as to all Warrant
Shares and the  prospectus  thereunder  available  for use by the Holder for the
resale of all such Warrant  Shares and (iii) the Common Stock shall be listed or
quoted for trading on


                                       6
<PAGE>


the Trading  Market.  The Company's right to Call the Warrant shall be exercised
ratably  among the Holders  based on each  Holder's  initial  purchase of Common
Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

         SECTION 3. CERTAIN ADJUSTMENTS.

         a) STOCK DIVIDENDS AND SPLITS.  If the Company,  at any time while this
Warrant  is  outstanding:  (A)  pays  a  stock  dividend  or  otherwise  make  a
distribution or  distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity
or equity equivalent  securities  payable in shares of Common Stock (which,  for
avoidance  of doubt,  shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the
Company pursuant to this Warrant),  (B) subdivides  outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a larger number of shares, (C) combines  (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares,
or (D) issues by  reclassification  of shares of the Common  Stock any shares of
capital  stock of the  Company,  then in each case the  Exercise  Price shall be
multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock (excluding  treasury shares, if any) outstanding  before such event
and of which the  denominator  shall be the  number  of  shares of Common  Stock
outstanding  after such event and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of
this Warrant shall be proportionately  adjusted. Any adjustment made pursuant to
this Section 3(a) shall become effective  immediately  after the record date for
the  determination  of  stockholders   entitled  to  receive  such  dividend  or
distribution and shall become effective  immediately after the effective date in
the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

         b) SUBSEQUENT EQUITY SALES. From the Initial Exercise Date until the 18
month anniversary of the date of the Purchase  Agreement,  if the Company or any
Subsidiary  thereof,   as  applicable,   at  any  time  while  this  Warrant  is
outstanding,  shall offer,  sell, grant any option to purchase or offer, sell or
grant any right to reprice its securities,  or otherwise dispose of or issue (or
announce any offer,  sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition)
any Common Stock or Common  Stock  Equivalents  entitling  any Person to acquire
shares of  Common  Stock,  at an  effective  price per share  less than the then
Exercise  Price (such lower  price,  the "BASE SHARE  PRICE" and such  issuances
collectively,  a "DILUTIVE  ISSUANCE"),  as adjusted hereunder (if the holder of
the  Common  Stock or Common  Stock  Equivalents  so  issued  shall at any time,
whether by operation of purchase price adjustments,  reset provisions,  floating
conversion,  exercise  or  exchange  prices or  otherwise,  or due to  warrants,
options or rights per share which is issued in  connection  with such  issuance,
but excluding  adjustments  resulting from customary  price-based  anti-dilution
provisions,  be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price
per share which is less than the Exercise  Price,  such issuance shall be deemed
to have occurred for less than the Exercise  Price),  then,  the Exercise  Price
shall be reduced by multiplying the Exercise Price by a fraction,  the numerator
of which is the  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  issued  and  outstanding
immediately  prior to the Dilutive  Issuance plus the number of shares of Common
Stock which the aggregate consideration received or receivable by the Company in
connection  with such Dilutive  Issuance  would  purchase at the then  effective
Exercise  Price,  and the denominator of which shall be the sum of the number of
shares of Common Stock issued


                                       7
<PAGE>


and outstanding  immediately  prior to the Dilutive  Issuance plus the number of
shares of Common  Stock so issued or issuable in  connection  with the  Dilutive
Issuance;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER, prior to the date the Company obtains Shareholder
Approval in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Trading Market,  in
no event shall the  Exercise  Price be adjusted  under this Section 3(b) to less
than $1.95,  subject to adjustment  for reverse and forward stock splits,  stock
dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock
that occur after the date of this  Agreement  (the "FLOOR  PRICE").  The Company
shall  notify  the  Holder  in  writing,  no later  than the third  Trading  Day
following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock  Equivalents  subject
to this  section,  indicating  therein  the  applicable  issuance  price,  or of
applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms
(such notice the "DILUTIVE  ISSUANCE  NOTICE").  For purposes of  clarification,
whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive  Issuance Notice pursuant to this
Section 3(b),  upon the occurrence of any Dilutive  Issuance,  after the date of
such  Dilutive  Issuance  the Holder is  entitled to receive a number of Warrant
Shares  based  upon the Base  Share  Price  regardless  of  whether  the  Holder
accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Notice of Exercise.

         c) INTENTIONALLY OMITTED.

         d)  FUNDAMENTAL  TRANSACTION.  If, at any time  while  this  Warrant is
outstanding,  (A) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company
with  or into  another  Person,  (B)  the  Company  effects  any  sale of all or
substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions,  (C)
any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is
completed  pursuant to which  holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or
exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property, or (D) the Company
effects  any  reclassification  of the  Common  Stock  or any  compulsory  share
exchange  pursuant to which the Common Stock is  effectively  converted  into or
exchanged  for  other  securities,  cash  or  property  (in  any  such  case,  a
"FUNDAMENTAL  TRANSACTION"),  then,  upon  any  subsequent  conversion  of  this
Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that
would have been issuable upon such exercise absent such Fundamental Transaction,
at the option of the Holder,  (a) upon exercise of this  Warrant,  the number of
shares of Common  Stock of the  successor  or  acquiring  corporation  or of the
Company,  if  it is  the  surviving  corporation,  and  Alternate  Consideration
receivable upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger,
consolidation  or  disposition  of assets by a Holder of the number of shares of
Common Stock for which this  Warrant is  exercisable  immediately  prior to such
event or (b) if the Company is acquired in an all cash  transaction,  cash equal
to the value of this Warrant as determined in accordance with the  Black-Scholes
option pricing formula (the "ALTERNATE CONSIDERATION"). For purposes of any such
exercise,  the  determination  of the  Exercise  Price  shall  be  appropriately
adjusted  to apply  to such  Alternate  Consideration  based  on the  amount  of
Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such
Fundamental  Transaction,  and the Company shall  apportion  the Exercise  Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative
value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.  If holders of
Common Stock are given any choice as to the  securities,  cash or property to be
received in a Fundamental  Transaction,  then the Holder shall be given the same
choice as to the Alternate  Consideration  it receives upon any


                                       8
<PAGE>


exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental  Transaction.  To the extent
necessary to effectuate the foregoing  provisions,  any successor to the Company
or surviving entity in such Fundamental  Transaction shall issue to the Holder a
new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder's
right to exercise such warrant into  Alternate  Consideration.  The terms of any
agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental  Transaction is effected shall include
terms  requiring  any such  successor  or  surviving  entity to comply  with the
provisions  of this  Section  3(d) and  insuring  that this Warrant (or any such
replacement security) will be similarly adjusted upon any subsequent transaction
analogous to a Fundamental Transaction.

         e) EXEMPT  ISSUANCE.  Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  no  adjustments,
Alternate  Consideration  nor notices  shall be made,  paid or issued under this
Section 3 in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

         f) CALCULATIONS. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to
the  nearest  cent or the  nearest  1/100th of a share,  as the case may be. The
number of  shares  of Common  Stock  outstanding  at any  given  time  shall not
includes  shares  of Common  Stock  owned or held by or for the  account  of the
Company,  and the  description  of any such  shares  of  Common  Stock  shall be
considered on issue or sale of Common Stock. For purposes of this Section 3, the
number of shares of Common  Stock  deemed to be issued and  outstanding  as of a
given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common  Stock  (excluding
treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

         g) VOLUNTARY  ADJUSTMENT BY COMPANY. The Company may at any time during
the term of this Warrant  reduce the then current  Exercise  Price to any amount
and for any period of time deemed  appropriate  by the Board of Directors of the
Company.

         h) NOTICE TO HOLDERS.

                  i. ADJUSTMENT TO EXERCISE  PRICE.  Whenever the Exercise Price
         is adjusted pursuant to this Section 3, the Company shall promptly mail
         to each Holder a notice  setting  forth the  Exercise  Price after such
         adjustment and setting forth a brief  statement of the facts  requiring
         such adjustment.

                  ii.  NOTICE TO ALLOW  EXERCISE  BY HOLDER.  If (A) the Company
         shall  declare a  dividend  (or any other  distribution)  on the Common
         Stock;  (B) the  Company  shall  declare  a special  nonrecurring  cash
         dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock;  (C) the Company shall
         authorize  the  granting to all holders of the Common  Stock  rights or
         warrants to subscribe  for or purchase  any shares of capital  stock of
         any class or of any rights; (D) the approval of any stockholders of the
         Company shall be required in connection  with any  reclassification  of
         the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a
         party, any sale or transfer of all or  substantially  all of the assets
         of the Company,  of any compulsory  share  exchange  whereby the Common
         Stock is converted  into other  securities,  cash or property;  (E) the
         Company  shall  authorize  the  voluntary or  involuntary  dissolution,
         liquidation or winding up of the


                                       9
<PAGE>


         affairs of the Company;  then, in each case, the Company shall cause to
         be mailed to the Holder at its last  addresses  as it shall appear upon
         the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to
         the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice
         stating  (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the  purpose
         of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a
         record is not to be  taken,  the date as of which  the  holders  of the
         Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend,  distributions,
         redemption,  rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on
         which such reclassification,  consolidation,  merger, sale, transfer or
         share exchange is expected to become  effective or close,  and the date
         as of which it is expected  that  holders of the Common Stock of record
         shall be  entitled  to exchange  their  shares of the Common  Stock for
         securities,    cash   or   other   property   deliverable   upon   such
         reclassification,   consolidation,  merger,  sale,  transfer  or  share
         exchange;  PROVIDED, that the failure to mail such notice or any defect
         therein or in the mailing  thereof shall not affect the validity of the
         corporate action required to be specified in such notice. The Holder is
         entitled to exercise this Warrant  during the 20-day period  commencing
         the date of such notice to the effective  date of the event  triggering
         such notice.

         SECTION 4. TRANSFER OF WARRANT.

         a)   TRANSFERABILITY.   Subject  to  compliance   with  any  applicable
securities  laws and the  conditions  set forth in Sections 5(a) and 4(d) hereof
and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and
all rights  hereunder are  transferable,  in whole or in part, upon surrender of
this Warrant at the  principal  office of the Company,  together  with a written
assignment  of this  Warrant  substantially  in the form  attached  hereto  duly
executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds  sufficient to pay any
transfer  taxes payable upon the making of such  transfer.  Upon such  surrender
and, if required,  such  payment,  the Company  shall  execute and deliver a new
Warrant  or  Warrants  in the  name  of the  assignee  or  assignees  and in the
denomination or  denominations  specified in such instrument of assignment,  and
shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant
not so assigned,  and this Warrant shall  promptly be cancelled.  A Warrant,  if
properly assigned,  may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant
Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

         b) NEW  WARRANTS.  This  Warrant may be divided or combined  with other
Warrants  upon  presentation  hereof at the  aforesaid  office  of the  Company,
together with a written notice  specifying the names and  denominations in which
new  Warrants  are to be issued,  signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney.
Subject  to  compliance  with  Section  4(a),  as to any  transfer  which may be
involved in such division or combination,  the Company shall execute and deliver
a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange  for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice.

         c) WARRANT  REGISTER.  The Company shall  register  this Warrant,  upon
records  to be  maintained  by  the  Company  for  that  purpose  (the  "WARRANT
REGISTER"),  in the name


                                       10
<PAGE>


of the record  Holder  hereof from time to time.  The Company may deem and treat
the  registered  Holder of this  Warrant as the  absolute  owner  hereof for the
purpose of any exercise hereof or any  distribution  to the Holder,  and for all
other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

         d)  TRANSFER  RESTRICTIONS.  If, at the time of the  surrender  of this
Warrant in connection  with any transfer of this  Warrant,  the transfer of this
Warrant shall not be registered pursuant to an effective  registration statement
under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities or blue sky laws,
the Company may require,  as a condition of allowing  such transfer (i) that the
Holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, furnish to the Company
a written  opinion of counsel  (which  opinion  shall be in form,  substance and
scope  customary  for  opinions of counsel in  comparable  transactions)  to the
effect that such transfer may be made without  registration under the Securities
Act and under applicable state securities or blue sky laws, (ii) that the holder
or transferee  execute and deliver to the Company an  investment  letter in form
and  substance  acceptable  to the Company and (iii) that the  transferee  be an
"accredited investor" as defined in Rule 501(a)(1),  (a)(2),  (a)(3), (a)(7), or
(a)(8) promulgated under the Securities Act or a qualified  institutional  buyer
as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

         SECTION 5. MISCELLANEOUS.

         a) TITLE TO  WARRANT.  Prior to the  Termination  Date and  subject  to
compliance with applicable laws and Section 4 of this Warrant,  this Warrant and
all rights  hereunder  are  transferable,  in whole or in part, at the office or
agency of the  Company by the Holder in person or by duly  authorized  attorney,
upon surrender of this Warrant  together with the Assignment Form annexed hereto
properly  endorsed.  The transferee shall sign an investment  letter in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

         b) NO RIGHTS AS  SHAREHOLDER  UNTIL  EXERCISE.  This  Warrant  does not
entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a shareholder  of the
Company prior to the exercise hereof. Upon the surrender of this Warrant and the
payment of the aggregate  Exercise  Price (or by means of a cashless  exercise),
the  Warrant  Shares  so  purchased  shall be and be deemed to be issued to such
Holder as the record  owner of such  shares as of the close of  business  on the
later of the date of such surrender or payment.

         c) LOSS,  THEFT,  DESTRUCTION  OR  MUTILATION  OF WARRANT.  The Company
covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence  reasonably  satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock
certificate  relating  to the  Warrant  Shares,  and in case of  loss,  theft or
destruction,  of indemnity or security reasonably  satisfactory to it (which, in
the case of the  Warrant,  shall not include the posting of any bond),  and upon
surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock  certificate,  if mutilated,
the Company  will make and deliver a new  Warrant or stock  certificate  of like
tenor  and  dated  as of such  cancellation,  in lieu of such  Warrant  or stock
certificate.

         d) SATURDAYS,  SUNDAYS, HOLIDAYS, ETC. If the last or appointed day for
the  taking of any action or the  expiration  of any right  required  or granted
herein shall be a


                                       11
<PAGE>


Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday, then such action may be taken or such right
may be  exercised  on the next  succeeding  day not a Saturday,  Sunday or legal
holiday.

         e) AUTHORIZED SHARES.

                  The  Company  covenants  that during the period the Warrant is
         outstanding,  it will reserve from its authorized  and unissued  Common
         Stock a sufficient  number of shares to provide for the issuance of the
         Warrant  Shares upon the  exercise of any  purchase  rights  under this
         Warrant.  The  Company  further  covenants  that its  issuance  of this
         Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged
         with the duty of executing stock  certificates to execute and issue the
         necessary  certificates for the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the
         purchase  rights  under this  Warrant.  The Company  will take all such
         reasonable  action  as may be  necessary  to assure  that such  Warrant
         Shares  may be issued  as  provided  herein  without  violation  of any
         applicable law or  regulation,  or of any  requirements  of the Trading
         Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed.

                  Except  and to the  extent as waived  or  consented  to by the
         Holder,  the  Company  shall  not by  any  action,  including,  without
         limitation,  amending its certificate of  incorporation  or through any
         reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution,
         issue or sale of securities  or any other  voluntary  action,  avoid or
         seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this
         Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out
         of all such  terms  and in the  taking  of all such  actions  as may be
         necessary or  appropriate  to protect the rights of Holder as set forth
         in this Warrant against impairment.  Without limiting the generality of
         the  foregoing,  the Company will (a) not increase the par value of any
         Warrant  Shares above the amount  payable  therefor  upon such exercise
         immediately  prior to such  increase  in par  value,  (b) take all such
         action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may
         validly and legally issue fully paid and  nonassessable  Warrant Shares
         upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (c) use commercially  reasonable
         efforts to obtain all such authorizations,  exemptions or consents from
         any  public  regulatory  body  having  jurisdiction  thereof  as may be
         necessary to enable the Company to perform its  obligations  under this
         Warrant.

                  Before  taking any action which would result in an  adjustment
         in the number of Warrant  Shares for which this Warrant is  exercisable
         or  in  the  Exercise   Price,   the  Company  shall  obtain  all  such
         authorizations or exemptions  thereof,  or consents thereto,  as may be
         necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction
         thereof.

         f) JURISDICTION.  All questions concerning the construction,  validity,
enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.


                                       12
<PAGE>


         g)  RESTRICTIONS.  The  Holder  acknowledges  that the  Warrant  Shares
acquired  upon the  exercise  of this  Warrant,  if not  registered,  will  have
restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

         h) NONWAIVER AND EXPENSES. No course of dealing or any delay or failure
to exercise any right  hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver
of such  right or  otherwise  prejudice  Holder's  rights,  powers or  remedies,
notwithstanding  the fact that all rights hereunder terminate on the Termination
Date. If the Company  willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision
of this  Warrant,  which  results in any  material  damages to the  Holder,  the
Company  shall pay to Holder such  amounts as shall be  sufficient  to cover any
costs and expenses  including,  but not limited to, reasonable  attorneys' fees,
including those of appellate  proceedings,  incurred by Holder in collecting any
amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights,  powers
or remedies hereunder.

         i) NOTICES. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted
to be given or  delivered  to the Holder by the Company  shall be  delivered  in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

         j) LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  No provision hereof, in the absence of any
affirmative  action by Holder to  exercise  this  Warrant  or  purchase  Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration  herein of the rights or privileges of Holder,  shall
give rise to any liability of Holder for the purchase  price of any Common Stock
or as a stockholder  of the Company,  whether such  liability is asserted by the
Company or by creditors of the Company.

         k)  REMEDIES.  Holder,  in addition to being  entitled to exercise  all
rights  granted by law,  including  recovery  of  damages,  will be  entitled to
specific  performance of its rights under this Warrant.  The Company agrees that
monetary  damages  would not be adequate  compensation  for any loss incurred by
reason of a breach by it of the  provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to
waive the defense in any action for  specific  performance  that a remedy at law
would be adequate.

         l) SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.  Subject to applicable securities laws, this
Warrant  and the rights and  obligations  evidenced  hereby  shall  inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the  successors of the Company and the successors
and permitted assigns of Holder.  The provisions of this Warrant are intended to
be for the benefit of all Holders from time to time of this Warrant and shall be
enforceable by any such Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

         m) AMENDMENT. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions
hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

         n)  SEVERABILITY.  Wherever  possible,  each  provision of this Warrant
shall  be  interpreted  in  such  manner  as to be  effective  and  valid  under
applicable  law, but if any  provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or
invalid under  applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent
of such  prohibition or invalidity,  without  invalidating the remainder of such
provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.


                                       13
<PAGE>


         o) HEADINGS.  The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience
of  reference  only and shall  not,  for any  purpose,  be deemed a part of this
Warrant.


                              ********************


                                       14
<PAGE>


                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the Company has caused this Warrant to be
executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized.


Dated:  December __, 2004

TARRANT APPAREL GROUP


By: _______________________________________
     Name:  Corazon Reyes
     Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                       15
<PAGE>


                               NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To:      TARRANT APPAREL GROUP

(1)      The undersigned  hereby elects to purchase  ________  Warrant Shares of
         the Company  pursuant  to the terms of the  attached  Warrant  (only if
         exercised in full),  and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price
         in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)      Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

         [_]      in lawful money of the United States; or

         [_]      the  cancellation  of such  number  of  Warrant  Shares  as is
                  necessary,  in  accordance  with  the  formula  set  forth  in
                  subsection  2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the
                  maximum number of Warrant Shares  purchasable  pursuant to the
                  cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)      Please issue a certificate or  certificates  representing  said Warrant
         Shares  in the  name of the  undersigned  or in such  other  name as is
         specified below:

                  ----------------------------------------

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following:

                  ----------------------------------------

                  ----------------------------------------

                  ----------------------------------------

(4)      ACCREDITED  INVESTOR.  The  undersigned is an "accredited  investor" as
         defined in Regulation D promulgated  under the  Securities Act of 1933,
         as amended.

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ______________________________________________________
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF INVESTING ENTITY: _________________________
Name of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________________________
Title of Authorized Signatory: _________________________________________________
Date: __________________________________________________________________________


<PAGE>


                                 ASSIGNMENT FORM

                    (To assign the foregoing warrant, execute
                   this form and supply required information.
                 Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)



         FOR VALUE  RECEIVED,  the  foregoing  Warrant and all rights  evidenced
thereby are hereby assigned to


_______________________________________________ whose address is

- ---------------------------------------------------------------



- ---------------------------------------------------------------

                                   Dated:  ______________, _______


                  Holder's Signature: ____________________________

                  Holder's Address:   ____________________________

                                      ____________________________



Signature Guaranteed:  ___________________________________________


NOTE: The signature to this  Assignment Form must correspond with the name as it
appears on the face of the Warrant,  without  alteration or  enlargement  or any
change whatsoever,  and must be guaranteed by a bank or trust company.  Officers
of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity
should file proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
