

                                                                    Exhibit 99.1


                   [LETTERHEAD OF UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC.]


FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
December 21, 2004

                UNITED NATURAL FOODS ANNOUNCES THE ACQUISITION OF
                       SELECT NUTRITION DISTRIBUTORS, INC.

              Strategic Addition Bolsters Company's Position in the
        Health & Beauty Aids and Vitamins, Minerals & Supplements Markets

Dayville, Connecticut - December 21, 2004 -- United Natural Foods, Inc. (Nasdaq:
UNFI) (the "Company") today announced the acquisition of Select Nutrition
Distributors, Inc. ("Select Nutrition"), a privately owned distributor of health
and beauty aids ("HBA") and vitamins, minerals and supplements ("VMS"). Terms of
the acquisition were not disclosed.

Select Nutrition carries and distributes over 14,000 products, representing over
450 manufacturers, to approximately 5,000 customers nationwide from two
warehouse facilities in Philadelphia, PA and Visalia, CA. Founded in 1975,
Select Nutrition distributes branded vitamins, herbs, dietary supplements,
health and beauty aids to health food stores, pharmacies, practitioners, sports
clubs and spas.

"We are very excited about the opportunities this acquisition presents," Steven
Townsend, United Natural Foods' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer said.
"Select Nutrition has been a long-standing partner and its franchise is a
terrific complement to the United Natural Foods organization. We believe the
combined resources of our two organizations will result in enhanced presence and
increased market share and serve to rationalize
distribution for the Company in the HBA and VMS categories."

United Natural Foods expects that the acquisition will be slightly dilutive for
the current quarter, neutral to the full year fiscal 2005 earnings per share and
accretive thereafter.

About United Natural Foods

United Natural Foods, Inc. carries and distributes over 35,000 products to more
than 18,000 customers nationwide. The Company serves a wide variety of retail
formats including conventional supermarket chains, natural product superstores,
independent retail operators and the food service channel. For more information
on United Natural Foods, Inc., visit the Company's website at www.unfi.com.


For more information on United Natural Foods, Inc., visit the Company's website
at www.unfi.com.

AT THE COMPANY:               FINANCIAL RELATIONS BOARD
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rick Puckett                  Joseph Calabrese
Chief Financial Officer       General Information
(860) 779-2800                (212) 827-3772

"Safe Harbor" Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995: Statements in this press release regarding the Company's business that are
not historical facts are "forward-looking statements" that involve risks and
uncertainties. For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, which could
cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking

<PAGE>

statements, including but not limited to general business conditions, the impact
of competition and our dependence on principal customers, see "Risk Factors" in
the Company's first quarter fiscal 2005 report on Form 10-Q filed with the
Commission on December 10, 2004, and its other filings under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any forward-looking statements are made
pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and, as such,
speak only as of the date made. The Company is not undertaking to update any
information in the foregoing reports until the effective date of its future
reports required by applicable laws. Any projections of future results of
operations should not be construed in any manner as a guarantee that such
results will in fact occur. These projections are subject to change and could
differ materially from final reported results. The Company may from time to time
update these publicly announced projections, but it is not obligated to do so.



