
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.2

                                 THIRD AMENDMENT

      THIS THIRD AMENDMENT (the "Amendment") is made and entered into as of the
14th day of November, 2003, by and between CA-MARINA BUSINESS CENTER LIMITED
PARTNERSHIP, A DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP ("Landlord"), and CANCERVAX
CORPORATION, A DELAWARE CORPORATION ("Tenant").

                                    RECITALS

A.    Landlord (as successor in interest pursuant to conversion from EOP-Marina
      Business Center, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, as
      successor in interest pursuant to merger with Spieker Properties, L.P., a
      California limited partnership) and Tenant, as Assignee, (as successor in
      interest to John Wayne Cancer Institute, a non-profit corporation, as
      Assignor) are parties to that certain lease dated July 22,1999, which
      lease has been previously amended by letter agreement dated October 8,
      1999 (re: commencement letter), First Amendment to Lease dated October 1,
      2001 (the "First Amendment") and Second Amendment To Lease dated September
      4, 2002 (the "Second Amendment") (collectively, the "Lease"). Pursuant to
      the Lease, Landlord has leased to Tenant space currently containing
      approximately 50,750 rentable square feet (the "Premises") described as
      Suite Nos. 100 and 150 on the 1st and mezzanine floors of the building
      commonly known as Marina Business Center located at 4503 Glencoe Avenue,
      Marina del Rey, California (the "Building").

B.    Assignor and Assignee have entered into that certain assignment agreement
      dated August 4, 2000 ("Assignment Agreement") whereby Assignor assigned
      all of its right, title and interest in and to the Lease to Assignee.
      Assignee has requested Landlord's acknowledgment and approval that the
      Assignor is released from all liability under the Lease.

C.    The Lease by its terms shall expire on AUGUST 14, 2009 ("Prior Scheduled
      Term Expiration Date"), and the parties desire to extend the Term of the
      Lease, all on the following terms and conditions.

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements
herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant agree as
follows:

I.    RELEASE OF LIABILITY. Landlord hereby releases and relieves Assignor and
      its members, directors, officers and employees (collectively the "Assignor
      Parties"), and covenants not to sue the Assignor Parties with respect to,
      any past, present or future claims, causes of actions, suits, damages,
      demands, costs, expenses, liabilities, obligations, losses or liabilities
      of the Assignor Parties of any kind whatsoever owed to the Landlord,
      arising out of or relating to the Lease, the Premises or the Building,
      whether known or unknown, whether fixed or contingent, whether direct or
      indirect, whether foreseen or unforeseen, and whether arising in law or in
      equity. It is expressly understood that Assignor shall not remain liable
      for such obligations notwithstanding the subsequent assignment(s),
      sublease(s) or transfer(s) of the interest of the tenant under the Lease.
      It is specifically understood that Assignor is not a party to this
      Amendment and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
      Amendment, is not bound by any terms, provisions, representations or
      warranties contained in this Amendment, but Assignor and each Assignor
      Party shall be entitled to the benefit of this Paragraph I, and to enforce
      this Paragraph I against Landlord and its successors and assigns. Landlord
      waives the provisions of any applicable laws (including without limitation
      California Civil Code Section 1542) restricting the release of claims
      which a releasing party does not know or suspect to exist at the time of
      provision of a release (even if awareness of such claims might have
      affected the releasing party's willingness to provide the release).

II.   EXTENSION. The Term of the Lease is hereby extended for a period of
      twenty-four (24) months and shall expire on AUGUST 14, 2011 ("Extended
      Expiration Date"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms
      of the Lease. That portion of the Term commencing the day immediately
      following the Prior Scheduled Term Expiration Date ("Extension Date") and
      ending on the Extended Expiration Date shall be referred to herein as the
      "Extended Term".

<PAGE>

III.  BASE RENT. As of October 1, 2003, the schedule of Base Rent as set forth
      in the section entitled "Basic Lease Information" of the Lease and Section
      II., "Base Rent" of the First Amendment shall be deleted in their entirety
      and Base Rent for the Premises shall be payable as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            ANNUAL RATE         ANNUAL            MONTHLY
       PERIOD             PER SQUARE FOOT      BASE RENT         BASE RENT
- -----------------------   ---------------     -----------        ----------
<S>                       <C>                 <C>                <C>
October 1, 2003 through     $    16.00        $812,000.04        $67,666.67
September 30, 2004

October 1, 2004 through     $    16.52        $838,389.96        $69,865.83
September 30, 2005

October 1, 2005 through     $    17.06        $865,794.96        $72,149.58
September 30, 2006

October 1, 2006 through     $    17.61        $893,707.56        $74,475.63
September 30, 2007

October 1, 2007 through     $    18.18        $922,635.00        $76,886.25
September 30, 2008

October 1, 2008 through     $    18.77        $952,577.52        $79,381.46
September 30, 2009

October 1, 2009 through     $    19.38        $983,535.00        $81,961.25
September 30, 2010

October 1, 2010 through     $    20.01        $930,881.93        $84,625.63
August 14, 2011                               (11 months)
</TABLE>

      All such Base Rent shall be payable by Tenant in accordance with the terms
      of the Lease.

IV.   ADDITIONAL SECURITY DEPOSIT. No additional security deposit shall be
      required in connection with this Amendment.

V.    LETTER OF CREDIT. SECTION I.A., "LETTER OF CREDIT" OF THE SECOND
      AMENDMENT, SECTION III., "ADDITIONAL SECURITY DEPOSIT" OF THE FIRST
      AMENDMENT, PARAGRAPH 39.G., "LETTER OF CREDIT" OF THE LEASE AND EXHIBIT E,
      "IRREVOCABLE STANDBY LETTER OF CREDIT" OF THE LEASE shall be deleted in
      their entirety and of no further force and effect and the following shall
      be substituted therefor:

      "Letter of Credit.

                  (a) GENERAL PROVISIONS. Concurrently with Tenant's execution
            of this Amendment, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord, as collateral
            for the full performance by Tenant of all of its obligations under
            this Lease and for all losses and damages Landlord may suffer as a
            result of any default by Tenant under this Lease, including, but not
            limited to, any post lease termination damages under section 1951.2
            of the California Civil Code, a standby, unconditional, irrevocable,

                                       2

<PAGE>

            transferable letter of credit (the "LETTER OF CREDIT") substantially
            in the form of EXHIBIT "A" hereto (with such technical and
            logistical modifications as may be approved by Lender in its
            reasonable discretion) and containing the terms required herein, in
            the face amount of $650,000.00 (such amount as adjusted in
            accordance with Section V(f) the "LETTER OF CREDIT AMOUNT"), naming
            Landlord as beneficiary, issued (or confirmed) by Bank of America or
            a financial institution acceptable to Landlord in Landlord's sole
            discretion, and permitting multiple and partial draws thereon.
            Tenant shall cause the Letter of Credit to be continuously
            maintained in effect (whether through replacement, renewal or
            extension) in the Letter of Credit Amount through the date (the
            "FINAL LC EXPIRATION DATE") that is 120 days after the scheduled
            expiration date of the Term or any renewal Term. If the Letter of
            Credit held by Landlord expires earlier than the Final LC Expiration
            Date (whether by reason of a stated expiration date or a notice of
            termination or non-renewal given by the issuing bank), Tenant shall
            deliver a new Letter of Credit or certificate of renewal or
            extension to Landlord not later than 30 days prior to the expiration
            date of the Letter of Credit then held by Landlord. Any renewal or
            replacement Letter of Credit shall comply with all of the provisions
            of this Section V, shall be irrevocable, transferable and shall
            remain in effect (or be automatically renewable) through the Final
            LC Expiration Date upon the same terms as the expiring Letter of
            Credit or such other terms as may be acceptable to Landlord in its
            sole discretion.

                  (b) DRAWINGS UNDER LETTER OF CREDIT. Landlord shall have the
            immediate right to draw upon the Letter of Credit, in whole or in
            part, at any time and from time to time: (i) If a default occurs and
            continues beyond the expiration of all applicable sure periods; or
            (ii) If the Letter of Credit held by Landlord expires earlier than
            the Final LC Expiration Date (whether by reason of a stated
            expiration date or a notice of termination or non-renewal given by
            the issuing bank), and Tenant fails to deliver to Landlord, at least
            30 days prior to the expiration date of the Letter of Credit then
            held by Landlord, a renewal or substitute Letter of Credit that is
            in effect and that complies with the provisions of this Section V.
            No condition or term of this Lease shall be deemed to render the
            Letter of Credit conditional to justify the issuer of the Letter of
            Credit in failing to honor a drawing upon such Letter of Credit in a
            timely manner. Tenant hereby acknowledges and agrees that Landlord
            is entering into this Lease in material reliance upon the ability of
            Landlord to draw upon the Letter of Credit upon the occurrence of
            any default by Tenant under this Lease that continues beyond the
            expiration of all applicable sure periods or upon the occurrence of
            any of the other events described above in this Section V(b).

                  (c) USE OF PROCEEDS BY LANDLORD. The proceeds of the Letter of
            Credit shall constitute Landlord's sole and separate property (and
            not Tenant's property or the property of Tenant's bankruptcy estate)
            and Landlord may immediately upon any draw (and without notice to
            Tenant) apply or offset the proceeds of the Letter of Credit: (i)
            against any Rent payable by Tenant under this Lease that is not paid
            when due; (ii) against all losses and damages that Landlord has
            suffered or that Landlord reasonably estimates that it may suffer as
            a result of any default by Tenant under this Lease that continues
            beyond the expiration of all applicable sure periods, including any
            damages arising under section 1951.2 of the California Civil Code
            following termination of the Lease; (iii) against any costs incurred
            by Landlord in connection with the Lease (including attorneys'
            fees); and (iv) against any other amount that Landlord may spend or
            become obligated to spend by reason of Tenant's default that
            continues beyond the expiration of all applicable sure periods.
            Landlord agrees to pay to Tenant within 30 days after the Final LC
            Expiration Date the amount of any proceeds of the Letter of Credit
            received by Landlord and not applied as allowed above; provided,
            that if prior to the Final LC Expiration Date a voluntary petition
            is filed by Tenant or any Guarantor, or an involuntary petition is
            filed against Tenant or any Guarantor by any of Tenant's or
            Guarantor's creditors, under the Federal Bankruptcy Code, then
            Landlord shall not be obligated to make such payment in the amount
            of the unused Letter of Credit proceeds until either all preference
            issues relating to payments under this Lease have been resolved in
            such bankruptcy or reorganization case or such bankruptcy or
            reorganization case has been dismissed, in each case pursuant to a
            final court order not subject to appeal or any stay pending appeal.
            Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Landlord draws upon the Letter of
            Credit under Section V(b)(ii) and Tenant delivers a replacement
            Letter of Credit that satisfies all of the

                                       3
<PAGE>

            requirements of this Lease, then Landlord shall pay to Tenant any
            proceeds of any Letter of Credit that Landlord has not then applied
            in accordance with this Section V(c).

                  (d) ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF TENANT. If, as result of any
            application or use by Landlord of all or any part of the Letter of
            Credit, the amount of the Letter of Credit shall be less than the
            Letter of Credit Amount, Tenant shall, within 5 days after Tenant
            received written notice thereof from Landlord, provide Landlord with
            additional letter(s) of credit in an amount equal to the deficiency
            (or a replacement letter of credit in the total Letter of Credit
            Amount), and any such additional (or replacement) letter of credit
            shall comply with all of the provisions of this Section V(d), and if
            Tenant fails to comply with the foregoing, notwithstanding anything
            to the contrary contained in this Lease, the same shall constitute
            an uncurable default by Tenant. Tenant further covenants and
            warrants that it will neither assign nor encumber the Letter of
            Credit or any part thereof and that neither Landlord nor its
            successors or assigns will be bound by any such assignment,
            encumbrance, attempted assignment or attempted encumbrance.

                  (e) TRANSFER OF LETTER OF CREDIT. Landlord may, at any time
            and without notice to Tenant and without first obtaining Tenant's
            consent thereto, transfer all or any portion of its interest in and
            to the Letter of Credit to another party, person or entity,
            including Landlord's mortgagee and/or to have the Letter of Credit
            reissued in the name of Landlord's mortgagee. If Landlord transfers
            its interest in the Building and transfers the Letter of Credit (or
            any proceeds thereof then held by Landlord) in whole or in part to
            the transferee and the transferee assumes all of Landlord's
            obligations under the Lease, then Landlord shall, without any
            further agreement between the parties hereto, thereupon be released
            by Tenant from all liability therefor. The provisions hereof shall
            apply to every such transfer or assignment of all or any part of the
            Letter of Credit to a new landlord. In connection with any such
            transfer of the Letter of Credit by Landlord, Tenant shall, at
            Landlord's sole cost and expense, execute and submit to the issuer
            of the Letter of Credit such applications, documents and instruments
            as may be necessary to effectuate such transfer. Landlord shall be
            responsible for paying the issuer's transfer and processing fees in
            connection with any transfer of the Letter of Credit and, if Tenant
            advances any such fees (without having any obligation to do so),
            Landlord shall reimburse Tenant for any such transfer or processing
            fees within 10 days after Tenant's written request therefor.

                  (f) REDUCTION IN LETTER OF CREDIT AMOUNT. Provided no default
            has occurred hereunder in the 12 month period prior to the reduction
            and has continued beyond the expiration of all applicable cure
            periods, and no less than 30 days prior to each requested letter of
            credit reduction date, the Letter of Credit Amount shall be reduced
            as follows: (i) $600,000.00 effective as of August 15, 2006; (ii)
            $550,000.00 effective as of August 15, 2007; (iii) $500,000.00
            effective as of August 15, 2008; and (iv) $200,000.00 effective as
            of August 14, 2009. If Tenant is not entitled to reduce the Letter
            of Credit Amount as of a particular reduction effective date due to
            Tenant's failure to timely pay all Rent during the 12 months prior
            to that particular reduction effective date, then any subsequent
            reduction(s) Tenant is entitled to hereunder shall be reduced by the
            amount of the reduction Tenant would have been entitled to had
            Tenant timely paid all Rent during the 12 months prior to that
            particular earlier reduction effective date. Notwithstanding
            anything to the contrary contained herein, if Tenant has been in
            default under this Lease (beyond the expiration of all applicable
            cure periods) at any time prior to the effective date of any
            reduction of the Letter of Credit Amount and Tenant has failed to
            cure such default within any applicable cure period, then Tenant
            shall have no further right to reduce the Letter of Credit Amount as
            described herein. Any reduction in the Letter of Credit Amount shall
            be accomplished by Tenant providing Landlord with a substitute
            letter of credit in the reduced amount. Tenant shall have the right
            to deliver to Landlord a substitute letter of credit that satisfies
            the requirements of this Section V at any time, and, upon receipt of
            the substitute letter of credit, Landlord shall return the Letter of
            Credit to Tenant and take all steps reasonably requested by Tenant
            to cause the Letter of Credit to be terminated and cancelled.

                                       4
<PAGE>

                  (g) NATURE OF LETTER OF CREDIT. Landlord and Tenant (1)
            acknowledge and agree that in no event or circumstance shall the
            Letter of Credit or any renewal thereof or substitute therefor or
            any proceeds thereof (including the LC Proceeds Account) be deemed
            to be or treated as a "security deposit" under any Law applicable to
            security deposits in the commercial context including Section 1950.7
            of the California Civil Code, as such section now exist or as may be
            hereafter amended or succeeded" ("SECURITY DEPOSIT LAWS"), (2)
            acknowledge and agree that the Letter of Credit (including any
            renewal thereof or substitute therefor or any proceeds thereof) is
            not intended to serve as a security deposit, and the Security
            Deposit Laws shall have no applicability or relevancy thereto, and
            (3) waive any and all rights, duties and obligations either party
            may now or, in the future, will have relating to or arising from the
            Security Deposit Laws.

            Tenant hereby waives the provisions of Section 1950.7 of the
            California Civil Code and all other provisions of Law, now or
            hereafter in effect, which (i) establish the time frame by which
            Landlord must refund a security deposit under a lease, and/or (ii)
            provide that Landlord may claim from the Security Deposit only those
            sums reasonably necessary to remedy defaults in the payment of rent,
            to repair damage caused by Tenant or to clean the Premises, it being
            agreed that Landlord may, in addition, claim those sums specified in
            this Section V above and/or those sums reasonably necessary to
            compensate Landlord for any loss or damage caused by Tenant's breach
            of this Lease or the acts or omission of Tenant or any other Tenant
            related parties, including any damages Landlord suffers following
            termination of the Lease."

VI.   OPERATING EXPENSES. For the period commencing on October 1, 2003 and
      ending on the Extended Expiration Date, Tenant shall pay for Tenant's
      Proportionate Share of the Building in accordance with the terms of the
      Lease.

VII.  IMPROVEMENTS TO PREMISES.

      A.    CONDITION OF PREMISES. Tenant is in possession of the Premises and
            accepts the same "as is" without any agreements, representations,
            understandings or obligations on the part of Landlord to perform any
            alterations, repairs or improvements, except as may be expressly
            provided otherwise in this Amendment.

      B.    RESPONSIBILITY FOR IMPROVEMENTS TO PREMISES. Any construction,
            alterations or improvements to the Premises shall be performed by
            Tenant at its sole cost and expense using contractors selected by
            Tenant and approved by Landlord and shall be governed in all
            respects by the provisions of the Lease.

VIII. OTHER PERTINENT PROVISIONS. Landlord and Tenant agree that, effective as
      of the date of this Amendment (unless different effective date(s) is/are
      specifically referenced in this Section), the Lease shall be amended in
      the following additional respects:

      A.    SECTION VIII.A., "OPTION TO TERMINATE" OF THE FIRST AMENDMENT,
            SECTION 39.D., "OPTION TO TERMINATE" OF THE LEASE shall be deleted
            in their entirety and of no further force and effect.

IX.   MISCELLANEOUS.

      A.    This Amendment sets forth the entire agreement between the parties
            with respect to the matters set forth herein. There have been no
            additional oral or written representations or agreements. Under no
            circumstances shall Tenant be entitled to any Rent abatement,
            improvement allowance, leasehold improvements, or other work to the
            Premises, or any similar economic incentives that may have been
            provided Tenant in connection with entering into the Lease, unless
            specifically set forth in this Amendment.

      B.    Except as herein modified or amended, the provisions, conditions and
            terms of the Lease shall remain unchanged and in full force and
            effect.

      C.    In the case of any inconsistency between the provisions of the Lease
            and this Amendment, the provisions of this Amendment shall govern
            and control.

                                       5

<PAGE>

      D.    Submission of this Amendment by Landlord is not an offer to enter
            into this Amendment but rather is a solicitation for such an offer
            by Tenant. Landlord shall not be bound by this Amendment until
            Landlord has executed and delivered the same to Tenant.

      E.    The capitalized terms used in this Amendment shall have the same
            definitions as set forth in the Lease to the extent that such
            capitalized terms are defined therein and not redefined in this
            Amendment.

      F.    Tenant hereby represents to Landlord that Tenant has dealt with no
            broker in connection with this Amendment. Tenant agrees to indemnify
            and hold Landlord, its members, principals, beneficiaries, partners,
            officers, directors, employees, mortgagee(s) and agents, and the
            respective principals and members of any such agents (collectively,
            the "Landlord Related Parties") harmless from all claims of any
            brokers claiming to have represented Tenant in connection with this
            Amendment. Landlord hereby represents to Tenant that Landlord has
            dealt with no broker in connection with this Amendment. Landlord
            agrees to indemnify and hold Tenant, its members, principals,
            beneficiaries, partners, officers, directors, employees, and agents,
            and the respective principals and members of any such agents
            (collectively, the "Tenant Related Parties") harmless from all
            claims of any brokers claiming to have represented Landlord in
            connection with this Amendment.

      G.    INTENTIONALLY OMITTED.

      H.    CALIFORNIA WAIVERS. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
            contained in the Lease, Tenant hereby waives any and all rights
            under and benefits of subsection 1 of Section 1932, Sections 1941
            and 1942 (Tenant's Repairs and Alterations), 1932(2) (Casualty
            Damage), and Section 1265.130 (Condemnation) of the California Code
            of Civil Procedure, or any similar or successor laws now or
            hereinafter in effect.

      I.    Equity Office Properties Management Corp. ("EOPMC") is an affiliate
            of Landlord and represents only the Landlord in this transaction.
            Any assistance rendered by any agent or employee of EOPMC in
            connection with this Lease or any subsequent amendment or
            modification hereto has been or will be made as an accommodation to
            Tenant solely in furtherance of consummating the transaction on
            behalf of Landlord, and not as agent for Tenant.

                                       6

<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have duly executed this Amendment
as of the day and year first above written.

                                  LANDLORD:

                                  CA-MARINA BUSINESS CENTER LIMITED PARTNERSHIP,
                                  A DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

                                  By: EOM GP, L.L.C., a Delaware limited
                                      liability company, its general partner

                                      By: Equity Office Management, L.L.C., a
                                          Delaware limited liability company,
                                          its non-member manager

                                          By:    /s/ Robert E. Dezzutti
                                                 -------------------------------
                                          Name:  Robert E. Dezzutti
                                          Title: Senior Vice President

                                  TENANT:

                                  CANCERVAX CORPORATION, A DELAWARE CORPORATION

                                  By:    /s/ David F. Hale
                                         -------------------------------
                                  Name:  David F. Hale
                                  Title: President and CEO

                                  TENANT'S FEIN: 52 224 3564

                                       7

