


                                                                          [LOGO]
                                                                    THE HARTFORD




December 23, 2004

To:  Board of Directors of Hartford Life Insurance Company

RE:    Enforceability of Funding Agreements Issued to Certain Trusts

Ladies and Gentlemen:

I am Counsel to Hartford Life Insurance Company ("Hartford Life"), a Connecticut
life insurance corporation.

I am furnishing this opinion in connection with the issuance by Hartford Life of
the funding  agreements  listed below (each a "Contract")  to the trusts (each a
"Trust") listed below on or about the date of this letter:

    CONTRACT                       CONTRACTHOLDER
    --------                       --------------

    Funding Agreement FA-404019    Hartford Life Global Funding Trust 2004 - 019
    Funding Agreement FA-404020    Hartford Life Global Funding Trust 2004 - 020
    Funding Agreement FA-404021    Hartford Life Global Funding Trust 2004 - 021


In each instance the Trust was established  pursuant to the Hartford Life Global
Funding  note  issuance  program  (the  "Program")  described  in  that  certain
registration  statement on Form S-3 (File No.  333-112244)  filed on January 27,
2004 (the "Registration  Statement") with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the "SEC") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act"), as amended
by Amendment  No. 1 thereto,  filed with the SEC on March 16, 2004; by Amendment
No.  2  thereto,  filed  with the SEC on May 4,  2004;  and by  Amendment  No. 3
thereto,  filed  with  the SEC on July  27,  2004.  The  Registration  Statement
describes (i) the registration  and public offering of up to $2 billion,  in the
aggregate  principal  amount of notes (the  "Notes") to be issued by a series of
trusts and (ii) the  registration  of up to  $2,000,000,000,  or the  equivalent
amount in one or more  foreign  or  composite  currencies,  aggregate  principal
amount of Hartford Life's funding  agreements (each, a "Contract") to be sold to
the trusts  described  below in  connection  with the  issuance  and sale of the
Notes.

Each of the  Trusts  is  intended  to be a  trust  described  in the  prospectus
(including the prospectus  supplement relating to  IncomeNotes(sm)),  both dated
September 7, 2004, and included in the  Registration  Statement  (together,  the
"Prospectus").  Once duly formed, each Trust is authorized to issue no more than
a  single  series  of Notes  and to take  certain  other  actions  necessary  or
appropriate to such issuance. The proceeds from the sale of each series of Notes
are to be used by each Trust to purchase separately from Hartford Life a funding
agreement,  such as the Contracts  listed above. As described in the Prospectus,
the  Notes  issued by each  Trust  are to be  secured  by the  assignment  to an
indenture trustee of its Contract and all proceeds from its Contract.

In  connection  with the  foregoing,  I, or persons under my  supervision,  have
examined an original or copies certified to my satisfaction as being a true copy
of the  certificate  of  incorporation  and bylaws of  Hartford  Life,  and have
reviewed such other corporate records, instruments and other documents as deemed
necessary or appropriate in order to render the opinions set forth herein. I, or
persons under my supervision,  have also reviewed,  in unexecuted  form, each of
the Contracts.

In the  examination of various  documents,  instruments  and records,  including
without  limitation  any referred to in this opinion  letter,  and in connection
with the  opinions  herein  expressed,  I have  assumed  the  competency  of all
individual  signatories,  the  genuineness  of  all  signatures,   submitted  as
certified,  photostatic  or  electronic  copies,  and  the  authenticity  of the
originals of such latter documents.


<PAGE>



Board of Directors of Hartford Life Insurance Company
December 23, 2004
Page Two


Based upon and subject to the  foregoing,  I am of the opinion  that,  as of the
date of this letter:

        (a)   Hartford Life is a Connecticut  domiciled  insurance  company duly
              organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
              Connecticut as a corporation formed for the purposes of conducting
              the business of a life  insurance  company.  Hartford Life has the
              necessary  corporate authority to enter into each of the Contracts
              and to perform its respective obligations thereunder.

        (b)   Hartford Life has obtained licenses from the states of Connecticut
              and  Delaware,  which  authorize  Hartford  Life to  conduct  life
              insurance  business and to issue  insurance  contracts  (including
              each of the  Contracts)  in those  states.  Hartford  Life has all
              necessary  authority to execute and to issue such Contracts  under
              applicable Connecticut and Delaware insurance laws and regulations
              and  orders  and  interpretations  of  the  Connecticut  Insurance
              Department and the Delaware Insurance Department.

        (c)   The  issuance of each of the  Contracts  has been  approved by all
              necessary  corporate action on the part of Hartford Life; and each
              Contract  constitutes the legal,  valid and binding  obligation of
              Hartford Life, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except to
              the  extent   enforceability   thereof   may  be  limited  by  (i)
              bankruptcy,   insolvency,   fraudulent   conveyances,   fraudulent
              transfers, reorganization, or moratorium or other similar laws now
              or hereafter in effect relating to or effecting the enforcement of
              creditors'   rights  or  remedies   generally   and  (ii)  general
              principles of equity  (regardless  of whether such  enforcement is
              considered  in a proceeding  in equity or at law),  including  the
              discretion  of  the  court  before  which  any  proceeding  may be
              brought, concepts of good faith, reasonableness and fair dealing.


I consent  to the  filing  of this  opinion  with the  Securities  and  Exchange
Commission as an exhibit to the Current  Report of Hartford Life on Form 8-K and
to the use of my name under the heading "Legal Matters" in the Prospectus and to
the  incorporation  by  reference of this opinion and consent as exhibits to the
Registration  Statement  filed in accordance  with Rule 462(b) under the Act. In
giving the  foregoing  consents,  I do not thereby  admit that I come within the
category of persons, whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended,  or the rules and  regulations  of the  Securities  and
Exchange Commission thereunder.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Jonathan Mercier

Jonathan Mercier, Counsel
Hartford Life Insurance Company

