
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1


December 29, 2004


Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc.
250 Vesey Street
4 World Financial Center, 28th Floor

New York, New York 10080

Re:   Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust Series 2004-G
      Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel for Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc. (the
"Company"), in connection with the sale by the Company of approximately
$481,118,100 in aggregate principal amount of Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors
Trust Series 2004-G Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates (the "Offered
Certificates"). The Offered Certificates are issued under the terms of a Pooling
and Servicing Agreement (the "Pooling and Servicing Agreement"), dated as of
December 1, 2004, by and among the Company, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Trustee,
and Cendant Mortgage Corporation, as Servicer, and acknowledged by Merrill Lynch
Credit Corporation, as Seller. The Offered Certificates will be purchased by
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and WaMu Capital Corporation
(collectively, the "Underwriters") for resale to the public pursuant to an
Underwriting Agreement dated February 28, 2003, and the Terms Agreement dated
December 28, 2004 (together, the "Underwriting Agreement") each by and among the
Company and the Underwriters. Capitalized terms used and not defined herein have
the meanings given to them in the Prospectus Supplement.

We have examined a signed copy of the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No.
333-112231) filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the "Commission") pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933
Act"), in the form in which it initially became effective (the "Registration
Statement") and as amended to the date hereof, the Company's Prospectus (the
"Prospectus") dated October 25, 2004 and the Prospectus Supplement dated
December 23, 2004 (the "Prospectus Supplement"), relating to the Offered
Certificates. We also have examined the originals or copies, certified or
otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of all such records of the Company and
all such agreements, certificates of public officials, certificates of officers
or representatives of the Company and others, and such other documents,
certificates and records as we have deemed necessary or appropriate as a basis
for the opinions set forth herein, including, without limitation, (i) the
<PAGE>
Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc.
December 29, 2004
Page 2


Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company; (ii) the By-Laws of the
Company; (iii) copies of certain unanimous consents adopted by the Board of
Directors of the Company authorizing the issuance and sale of the Certificates
and purchase of the Mortgage Loans; (iv) the Pooling and Servicing Agreement;
(v) the forms of the Offered Certificates and (vi) the Underwriting Agreement.

In our examination, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the
authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity of
all documents submitted to us as certified or photostatic copies to the original
documents and the authenticity of such documents. We have assumed that any
documents executed by any party other than the Company are the legal, valid and
binding obligation of such party. As to any facts material to the opinions
expressed herein that we did not establish independently or verify, we have
relied upon the truth, accuracy and completeness of the statements and
representations of the Company, its officers and other representatives, the
Trustee and others. Whenever the phrase "to the best of our knowledge" or "of
which we are aware" is used herein, it refers in each case to the actual
knowledge of the attorneys of this firm involved in the representation of the
Company in this transaction.

We express no opinion as to the effect of the laws of any jurisdiction other
than the laws of the State of New York, the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware and the federal laws of the United States of America.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, we are of the opinion that the
Certificates have been duly authorized and, when executed and authenticated as
specified in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement and delivered and paid for,
will be validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable and entitled to the benefits
of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement.

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an Exhibit to the
Registration Statement and to the reference to this firm in the Registration
Statement and the related prospectus under the heading "Legal Matters," without
admitting that we are "experts" within the meaning of the Act or the rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission issued thereunder with
respect to any part of the Registration Statement including this Exhibit.

Very truly yours,

Dechert LLP

