-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 LfANnPNfy5Xg+A9Q/bBrAGIE2lzdL/bzvBx+P8arlQWpLzaAQjb/RfHTy0if0LDF
 6cpZcxqVKqEpXEZ/Yz15AA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000911420-04-000484.txt : 20041220
<SEC-HEADER>0000911420-04-000484.hdr.sgml : 20041220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041220124214
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000911420-04-000484
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041214
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OMNICORDER TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001096182
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEASURING & CONTROLLING DEVICES, NEC [3829]
		IRS NUMBER:				841209909
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27943
		FILM NUMBER:		041213349

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12-8 TECHNOLOGY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		.
		CITY:			EAST SETANKET
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11733
		BUSINESS PHONE:		631-689-3781

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12-8 TECHNOLOGY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		.
		CITY:			EAST SETANKET
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11733

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PROMOS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991102
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d1012924.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549


      --------------------------------------------------------------------



                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT

                     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                         Securities Exchange Act of 1934


      --------------------------------------------------------------------


       Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): December 14, 2004

                          OMNICORDER TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
               (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)



          Delaware                        0-27943                84-1209909
(State or other jurisdiction     (Commission File Number)       (IRS Employer
      of incorporation)                                      Identification No.)


             125 Wilbur Place, Suite 120                      11716
                  Bohemia, New York                        (Zip Code)
      (Address of principal executive offices)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (631) 244-8244



Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17
    CFR 230.425)

[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
    DFR 240.14a-12)

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
    Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4 (c) under the
    Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

<PAGE>

SECTION 3 - SECURITIES AND TRADING MARKETS

ITEM 3.02.    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

         GENERAL

         On December 14, 2004, we completed a private placement of 1,500,000
shares of our newly-created series A convertible preferred stock (convertible
into 1,363,637 shares of common stock) and warrants to purchase 500,000 shares
of our common stock, which resulted in gross proceeds to us of $1,500,000.
Discussion of the series A preferred stock and warrants in this report is
qualified entirely by reference to the Certificate of Designation and form of
Warrant attached hereto as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively.

         PREFERRED STOCK

         CONVERSION. The series A preferred stock is convertible into shares of
common stock (i) at any time at the option of the holder, and (ii)
automatically, as of the close of business on the 20th consecutive trading day
on which the closing bid price for the common stock on the principal stock
exchange or market on which it is listed, or if not traded on such exchange or
market, on the OTC Bulletin Board (such exchange or market is referred to in
this report as the reference exchange), is at least 200% of the conversion price
referred to in the following sentence. Each share of series A preferred stock is
convertible into approximately .91 of a share of common stock, based on a
conversion price of $1.10. The conversion price is subject to adjustment in the
event of certain dilutive or accretive events, such as stock splits, stock
combinations or the issuance of common stock or securities convertible or
exercisable into common stock as a dividend in-kind (other than as a dividend on
the series A preferred stock). The conversion price is subject to further
adjustment as follows:

               o    If the price at which the series A preferred stock is
                    offered in a future proposed rights offering is less than
                    $1.00 per share, the conversion price will be reduced to
                    such lower price.

               o    For a period of 36 months after December 14, 2004, if we
                    issue any shares of our common stock or securities
                    convertible or exercisable into our common stock (subject to
                    customary exceptions for exchanges of securities, equity
                    incentive plans, strategic transactions, mergers or
                    acquisitions, or bank or equipment financings) at a price
                    per share less than the 30-day volume-weighted average price
                    of our common stock on the reference exchange, the
                    conversion price will be adjusted on a weighted-average
                    basis.

         OTHER ADJUSTMENTS. Holders will receive the benefit of any favorable
adjustments to the rights and preferences of our series A preferred stock agreed
to in connection with a future proposed rights offering.

         VOTING RIGHTS. Holders of series A preferred stock will have the right
to one vote for each share of common stock into which the series A preferred
stock then held by such holders may be converted, and will vote together with
the holders of common stock as a single class, except when otherwise required
by law.

         DIVIDENDS. The series A preferred stock will receive a cumulative
dividend of 4% per annum, payable annually in cash or in additional shares of
series A preferred stock (computed on the basis of the 30-day volume-weighted
average price of our common stock on the reference exchange), at our option.

         LIQUIDATION PREFERENCE. The liquidation preference of the series A
preferred stock is defined as an amount per share equal to the conversion price,
plus all accrued and unpaid dividends on the series A preferred stock.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>


         REDEMPTION. The series A preferred stock may not be redeemed by us or
the holders of those shares at any time.

         WARRANTS

         Each holder was issued, for no additional consideration, five-year
warrants to purchase that number of shares of our common stock as is equal to
30% of the number of shares of series A preferred stock acquired by such
investor in the private placement. The warrants have an exercise price per share
equal to the conversion price of $1.10, subject to adjustment in the event of
certain dilutive or accretive events, such as stock splits, stock combinations
or the issuance of common stock or securities convertible or exercisable into
common stock as a dividend in-kind. In addition, if the price at which the
series A preferred stock is to be offered in a future proposed rights offering
is less than $1.00 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be reduced
to such lower price.

         REGISTRATION RIGHTS

         We have agreed to use our reasonable best efforts to: (a) promptly file
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement on
Form SB-2 covering the shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of
the series A preferred stock and exercise of the warrants issued in the private
placement by no later than 120 days following December 14, 2004; and (b) cause
the registration statement to become effective as soon as practicable
thereafter.

         PRIVATE PLACEMENT

         The shares of series A preferred stock and warrants were offered and
sold in accordance with Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended. Accordingly, each investor in the private offering qualified as an
"accredited investor," as defined in Regulation D, in order to participate in
the private placement. Each investor's right to transfer the series A preferred
stock and warrant is restricted as provided in the Securities Act and the rules
and regulations adopted under that act, as well as under state securities laws.

SECTION 5 - CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT

ITEM 5.02. DEPARTURE OF DIRECTORS OR PRINCIPAL OFFICERS; ELECTION OF DIRECTORS;
           APPOINTMENT OF PRINCIPAL OFFICERS.

         (b)-(c) As of December 14, 2004, Mark A. Fauci is no longer an officer
of our company. The Board of Directors is conducting a search for a new chief
executive officer and, in the interim, William D. Abajian of The Abajian Group,
LLC will oversee our day-to-day operations. Mr. Abajian will report to Michael
A. Davis, M.D., D.Sc., the Chairman of the Executive Committee of our Board of
Directors.

         Mr. Abajian founded The Abajian Group, LLC, a strategic management
consulting firm that specializes in start-up companies, in August 2002. Prior to
that, Mr. Abajian was the Chief Executive Officer of CPG, Inc., a biotechnology
company specializing in DNA synthesis, chromatography and molecular biology
products. CPG, Inc. was founded by Mr. Abajian in 1988 and sold to Millipore in
July 2002.

         Mr. Abajian has not engaged in a related party transaction with us
during the last two years, except that, through The Abajian Group, LLC, he has
served as an independent consultant for us since September 2004.

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

         A copy of the press release announcing these executive changes, and the
completion of our $1.5 million convertible preferred stock private placement
described in Item 3.02 above, is included as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is
incorporated herein by reference.

SECTION 9 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

ITEM 9.01.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.

(c) Exhibits.

     4.1  Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series A
          Convertible Preferred Stock of OmniCorder Technologies, Inc.

     4.2  Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock of OmniCorder Technologies,
          Inc.

     10.1 Form of Subscription Agreement between OmniCorder Technologies, Inc.
          and the private placement subscribers.

     99.1 Press Release of OmniCorder Technologies, Inc. issued December 14,
          2004.

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


                                        OMNICORDER TECHNOLOGIES, INC.


Date: December 20, 2004                 By:/s/Celia Schiffner
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Celia Schiffner
                                          Controller

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX



EXHIBIT NO.    DESCRIPTION

     4.1       Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series A
               Convertible Preferred Stock of OmniCorder Technologies, Inc.

     4.2       Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock of OmniCorder
               Technologies, Inc.

     10.1      Form of Subscription Agreement between OmniCorder Technologies,
               Inc. and the private placement subscribers.

     99.1      Press Release of OmniCorder Technologies, Inc. issued
               December 14, 2004.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>e1001639.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATION OF DESIGNATION
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 4.1

               CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION, PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS
                     OF SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK
                                       OF
                          OMNICORDER TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

         OmniCorder Technologies, Inc., a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the State of Delaware (the "Corporation"), by its President
and Chief Executive Officer, does hereby certify that, pursuant to authority
conferred upon the Board of Directors by the Certificate of Incorporation of the
Corporation (the "Charter") and Section 151 of the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware, the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the "Board"),
by unanimous written consent, has duly adopted resolutions providing for the
issuance of up to 6,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at
an initial issuance price of $1.00 per share (the "Original Issue Price"), and
setting forth the voting powers, designation, preferences and relative,
participating, optional and other special rights, and the qualifications,
limitations and restrictions thereof, the text of which resolution is as
follows:

         RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority vested in the Board in
accordance with the provisions of the Charter, there be, and hereby is, created
out of the class of 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock of the Corporation
authorized by Article Four of the Charter, a series of preferred stock of the
Corporation with the following voting powers, designation, preferences and
relative, participating, optional and other special rights, and qualifications,
limitations and restrictions:

         1. Designation and Number of Shares. 6,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value $.01 per share, are hereby designated as Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock (the "Series A Preferred Stock").

         2. Ranking; Adjustment of Rights and Preferences.

                  (a) The Series A Preferred Stock shall, with respect to
distribution rights upon Liquidation (as defined in Section 3(a)) and dividend
rights, rank: (a) senior to the Common Stock and such preferred stock of the
Corporation the terms of which expressly provide that such preferred stock will
rank junior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to distribution rights
upon Liquidation and dividend rights (the Common Stock and any such preferred
stock, "Junior Securities"); and (b) as applicable, junior to or on a parity
with such preferred stock of the Corporation the terms of which expressly
provide that such preferred stock will rank senior to or on a parity with the
Series A Preferred Stock with respect to distribution rights upon Liquidation
and dividend rights (as applicable, "Senior Securities" or "Parity Securities").

                  (b) In case the Corporation shall, on or prior to December
31, 2007, issue shares of capital stock in connection with a rights offering to
its shareholders having rights or preferences (other than with respect to the
issue price thereof) superior to those provided herein, the Corporation shall
promptly take such action as may be necessary to amend this Certificate of
Designation, Preferences and Rights so as to provide the Series A Preferred
Stock with the benefit of such superior rights or preferences.

         3. Liquidation.

                  (a) Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary (a "Liquidation"), the holders of
record of the Series A Preferred Stock (the "Series A Holders") shall be
entitled to receive, immediately after any distribution or payment of assets of
the Corporation or the proceeds thereof are made or set apart in respect of any
Senior Securities, contemporaneous and on equal priority with the making or
setting aside of any distribution or payment of assets of the Corporation or the
proceeds thereof with respect to any Parity Securities, and before any
distribution or payment of assets of the Corporation or the proceeds thereof may
be made or set apart with respect to any Junior Securities, an amount in cash
with respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock equal to the Original
Issue Price per share (subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits,
combinations or similar events) plus all accrued and unpaid dividends on such
share as of the date of Liquidation. If, upon such Liquidation, the assets of
the Corporation available for distribution to the Series A Holders and the
holders of any Parity Securities shall be insufficient to permit payment in full
to the Series A Holders and such holders of Parity Securities, then the entire
assets and funds of the Corporation legally available

<PAGE>

for distribution to the Series A Holders and such holders of Parity Securities
then outstanding shall be distributed ratably among the Series A Holders and
such holders of Parity Securities based upon the proportion the total amount
distributable on each share upon liquidation bears to the aggregate amount
available for distribution on all shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and all
such Parity Securities, if any.

                  (b) Upon the completion of the distributions required by
paragraph (a) of this Section 3, if assets remain in the Corporation, they shall
be distributed to holders of Junior Securities in accordance with the Charter.

                  (c) For purposes of this Section 3, a merger or consolidation
or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation shall be
considered a Liquidation except in the event that in such a transaction, the
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock receive securities of the surviving
corporation having substantially similar rights and preferences as those of the
Series A Preferred Stock.

         4. Dividends.

                  (a) Subject to the rights of any other series of Preferred
Stock that may from time to time come into existence, the Series A Holders shall
be entitled to receive, out of any assets legally available therefor, annual
cumulative dividends in an amount equal to four percent of the Original Issue
Price on each share of Series A Preferred Stock, which dividends shall be
payable in cash or additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock (valued as
determined below) as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. The first
such dividend shall be paid on December 31, 2005 or, if such a day is not a
business day, the nearest preceding business day. The amount of such initial
dividend, and any other dividend payable on the Series A Preferred Stock for any
partial dividend period, shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year
consisting of twelve 30-day months. Dividends will be payable to holders of
record as they appear in the stockholder records of the Corporation at the close
of business on the applicable record date, which shall be the 15th day of
December of each year (the "Dividend Record Date") or on such other date
designated by the Board for the payment of dividends that is not more than 30
nor less than 10 days prior to the Dividend Record Date. With respect to any
given year, no dividends (other than a dividend payable solely in Common Stock,
par value $.001 per share, of the Corporation ("Common Stock")), shall be paid
upon, or declared and set apart for, any Junior Securities if the Board shall
have failed duly and lawfully to declare and pay in full a cash dividend to the
Series A Holders with respect to such year in the amount described above. If
such dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock shall not have been paid or set
apart in full for the Series A Preferred Stock, the aggregate deficiency shall
be cumulative and shall be fully paid or set apart for payment prior to the
payment of any dividend by the Corporation (other than a dividend payable solely
in Common Stock) with respect to any Junior Securities. Accumulations of
dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock shall not bear interest. For purposes
of the first sentence of this Section 4(a) only, shares of Series A Preferred
Stock issued as dividends shall be valued at the product of: (i) the 10-day
volume-weighted average price of the Common Stock on the principal stock
exchange on which it is traded, including the American Stock Exchange or NASDAQ
SmallCap Market, or if not traded on such exchange, on the National Association
of Securities Dealers, Inc. OTC Bulletin Board (such exchange or market, the
"Reference Exchange"), or, if, in the reasonable judgment of the Board, there
exists no Reference Exchange, then as reasonably determined by the Board; and
(ii) the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Series A Preferred
Stock is then convertible.

         5. Conversion Rights Each Series A Holder shall have the right to
convert all or any part of its Series A Preferred Stock into Common Stock as
follows:

                  (a) Optional Conversion. Subject to and upon compliance with
the provisions of this Section 5, a Series A Holder shall have the right at such
Series A Holder's option, at any time or from time to time, to convert any of
its shares of Series A Preferred Stock into such number of fully paid and
non-assessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing: (i) the
Original Issue Price of such share of Series A Preferred Stock; by (ii) the
Conversion Price (as hereinafter defined) in effect on the Conversion Date (as
defined in Section 5(c) below) upon the terms hereinafter set forth. The
"Conversion Price" shall initially be equal to $1.10 and shall be subject to
adjustment pursuant to Section 6.

                                       2
<PAGE>

                  (b) Automatic Conversion.

                           (i) Each outstanding share of Series A Preferred
         Stock shall automatically be converted, without any further act of the
         Corporation or its stockholders, into such number of fully paid and
         non-assessable shares of Common Stock as would be determined pursuant
         to Section 5(a) were such conversion being effected at the option of
         the Series A Holders, upon the conclusion of the 20th consecutive
         trading day on which the closing bid price for the Common Stock on the
         Reference Exchange was at least $2.20 per share.

                           (ii) Each outstanding share of Series A Preferred
         Stock shall automatically be converted on a one-for-one basis, without
         any further act of the Corporation or its stockholders, into such
         number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Senior Securities as
         may be issued by the Corporation on or prior to December 31, 2005, in
         connection with a rights offering to its shareholders (any such
         offering, a "Rights Offering") as described in the Corporation's
         Private Placement Term Sheet and Exhibits, dated December 6, 2004 (the
         "Term Sheet").

                  (c) Mechanics of Conversion. Subject to Section 5(b), before
any Series A Holder shall be entitled to convert the same into shares of Common
Stock, such holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor,
duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the
Series A Preferred Stock, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at
its principal corporate office, of the election to convert the same and shall
state therein the name or names in which the certificate or certificates for
shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The Corporation shall, as soon as
practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such Series A
Holder, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall
be entitled as aforesaid. Conversion shall be deemed to have been effected on
the date when delivery of notice of an election to convert and certificates for
shares is made or on the date of the occurrence of the event specified in
Section 5(b) as the case may be, and such date is referred to herein as the
"Conversion Date." All Common Stock which may be issued upon conversion of the
Series A Preferred Stock will, upon issuance, be duly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable and free from all taxes, liens, and charges with respect to the
issuance thereof.

         6. Anti-Dilution Provisions. The Conversion Price in effect at any time
shall be subject to adjustment from time to time upon the happening of certain
events as follows:

                  (a) Consolidation, Merger or Sale. If any consolidation or
merger of the Corporation with another person, or the sale, transfer or lease of
all or substantially all of its assets to another person shall be effected in
such a way that holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive
stock, securities or assets with respect to or in exchange for their shares of
Common Stock, then provision shall be made, in accordance with this Section
6(a), whereby each Series A Holder shall thereafter have the right to receive
such securities or assets as would have been issued or payable with respect to
or in exchange for the shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Series A
Preferred Stock held by such holder were convertible immediately prior to the
closing of such merger, sale, transfer or lease, as applicable. The Corporation
will not effect any such consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or lease unless
prior to the consummation thereof the successor entity (if other than the
Corporation) resulting from such consolidation or merger or the entity
purchasing or leasing such assets shall assume by written instrument: (i) the
obligation to deliver to the Series A Holders such securities or assets as, in
accordance with the foregoing provisions, such Series A Holders may be entitled
to receive; and (ii) all other obligations of the Corporation hereunder. The
provisions of this Section 6(a) shall similarly apply to successive mergers,
sales, transfers or leases.

                  (b) Common Stock Dividends, Subdivisions, Combinations, etc.
In case the Corporation shall hereafter: (i) declare a dividend or make a
distribution on its outstanding shares of capital stock (other than the Series A
Preferred Stock) in shares of Common Stock or in securities, options or other
rights directly or indirectly exchangeable, exercisable or convertible for or
into Common Stock for no material consideration (collectively, "Derivative
Securities"); (ii) subdivide or reclassify its outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a greater number of shares; or (iii) combine or reclassify its
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the

                                       3
<PAGE>

Conversion Price in effect at the time of the record date for such dividend or
distribution or of the effective date of such subdivision, combination or
reclassification shall be adjusted so that it shall equal the price determined
by multiplying the Conversion Price by a fraction, the numerator of which shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such
action (assuming the full conversion or exercise for or into Common Stock of any
Derivative Securities outstanding prior to any dividend or distribution of the
type referenced in clause (i)), and the denominator of which shall be the number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding after giving effect to such action
(assuming the full conversion or exercise for or into Common Stock of any
Derivative Securities outstanding after giving effect to any dividend or
distribution of the type referenced in clause (i)). Such adjustment shall be
made successively whenever any event listed above shall occur. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the event that any Derivative Securities that are issued in
connection with a dividend or distribution of the type described in clause (i)
expire prior to their exchange, exercise or conversion, in whole or in part, for
or into Common Stock, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted to equal the
Conversion Price that would have been obtained using the above formula had the
unexercised or unconverted portion of such Derivative Securities never been
issued or distributed.

                  (c) In-Kind Dividends. In case the Corporation shall hereafter
declare an in-kind dividend or make an in-kind distribution on its outstanding
shares of capital stock (other than the Series A Preferred Stock) in the form an
asset other than Derivative Securities, then provision shall be made whereby
each Series A Holder shall thereafter have the right to receive, upon conversion
into Common Stock of such Series A Holder's Series A Preferred Stock: (i) such
securities or assets as would have been issued or distributed to such Series A
Holder had such Series A Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock
immediately prior to such in-kind dividend or distribution and (ii) all other
cash or assets paid or issued as a dividend or distribution in respect of such
asset between the date of such dividend or distribution and the Conversion Date
of such Series A Preferred Stock. Such provision shall be made successively
whenever any event listed above shall occur. The rights of the Series A Holders
pursuant to this Section 6(c) shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, their
rights to receive Common Stock upon conversion of their Series A Preferred Stock
pursuant to Section 5 and this Section 6.

                  (d) Rights Offering. In case the Corporation shall, on or
prior to December 31, 2005, issue shares of Series A Preferred Stock in
connection with a Rights Offering, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted so
that it shall equal such lower price.

                  (e) Discounted Stock. In case the Corporation shall, on or
prior to the 36-month anniversary of the final closing of the sale of Series A
Preferred Stock pursuant to the Term Sheet, issue Covered Securities (as
hereinafter defined) for consideration per share, or, in the case of Derivative
Securities, for an implicit price per share of Common Stock (the "Discount
Price"), that is less than the 30-day volume-weighted average price of the
Common Stock on the Reference Exchange (the "Reference Price"), the Conversion
Price shall be adjusted immediately thereafter so that it shall equal the price
determined by multiplying: (i) the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior
thereto; by (ii) a fraction, (A) the numerator of which shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the issuance
of such Covered Securities and the number of shares of Common Stock which the
aggregate consideration received for the issuance of such Covered Securities
would purchase at the Reference Price and (B) the denominator of which shall be
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the issuance
of such Covered Securities (assuming the conversion to Common Stock of all such
Covered Securities that are Derivative Securities). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in the event that any such Covered Securities are Derivative
Securities and such Derivative Securities expire prior to their exchange,
exercise or conversion, in whole or in part, for or into Common Stock, the
Conversion Price shall be further adjusted to equal the Conversion Price that
would have been obtained using the above formula had the unexercised or
unconverted portion of such Covered Securities never been issued. As used
herein, the term "Covered Securities" shall mean any Common Stock or Derivative
Securities other than securities: (1) whose issuance would trigger an adjustment
to the Conversion Price pursuant to any of Sections 6(a) through 6(d) above; (2)
issued upon conversion of any Derivative Securities; (3) issued to employees,
officers, directors, consultants or other persons performing services for the
Corporation pursuant to a stock option or stock ownership plan of the
Corporation approved by the Board; (4) issued in connection with an acquisition
or merger by the Corporation; (5) issued in connection with the exercise of
options or warrants outstanding on the date hereof; (6) issued in connection
with collaborative agreements or to a strategic investor in the Corporation
approved by the Board; or (7) issued as additional consideration to a lessor or
creditor of the Corporation in connection with a leasing or debt financing
transaction.

                                       4
<PAGE>

                  (f) Notice of Adjustment. Whenever the Conversion Price is
adjusted, as herein provided, the Corporation shall promptly cause a notice
setting forth the adjusted Conversion Price and adjusted number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of each share of Series A Preferred Stock,
and, if requested, information describing the transactions giving rise to such
adjustments, to be mailed to the Series A Holders at their last addresses
appearing in the Corporation's Share Register, and shall cause a certified copy
thereof to be mailed to its transfer agent, if any. The Corporation may retain a
firm of independent certified public accountants selected by the Board (who may
be the regular accountants employed by the Corporation) to make any computation
required by this Section 6, and a certificate signed by such firm shall be
conclusive evidence of the correctness of such adjustment.

                  (g) Receipt of Securities Other than Common Stock. In the
event that at any time, as a result of an adjustment made pursuant to Section
6(a) above, the Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock thereafter shall become
entitled to receive any shares of the Corporation, other than Common Stock,
thereafter the number of such other shares so receivable upon conversion of the
Series A Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time in a
manner and on terms as nearly equivalent as practicable to the provisions with
respect to the Common Stock contained in Sections 6(a) through 6(f), inclusive,
above.

         7. Voting Rights. Except as expressly provided to the contrary herein
or pursuant to applicable law, the Series A Holders shall be entitled to vote,
together with the holders of Common Stock and other voting securities as a
single class, on all matters as to which holders of Common Stock shall be
entitled to vote, in the same manner and with the same effect as such Common
Stock holders. In any such vote, each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall
entitle the holder thereof to the number of votes per share that equals the
number of whole shares of Common Stock into which each such share of Series A
Preferred Stock is then convertible.


         8. Reservation of Shares. The Corporation shall at all times reserve
and keep available and free of preemptive rights out of its authorized but
unissued Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the
Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the terms hereof, such number of its shares
of Common Stock (or other shares or securities as may be required) as shall from
time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding Series A
Preferred Stock pursuant to the terms hereof. If at any time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock (or such other shares or
securities) shall not be sufficient to affect the conversion of all then
outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall promptly take such
action as may be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued Common Stock
(or such other shares or securities) to such number of shares as shall be
sufficient for such purpose.

         9. Miscellaneous.

                  (a) The Series A Preferred Stock may not be redeemed by the
Corporation or the Series A Holders at any time. There is no sinking fund with
respect to the Series A Preferred Stock.

                  (b) The shares of the Series A Preferred Stock shall not have
any preferences, voting powers or relative, participating, optional, preemptive
or other special rights except as set forth above in this Certificate of
Designation, Preferences and Rights and in the Charter.

                  (c) The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive all communications sent by the Corporation to the holders of
the Common Stock.

                  [Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

                                       5
<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, OmniCorder Technologies, Inc. has caused
this Certificate to be signed by its Controller, on
this 14th day of December 2004, and such person hereby affirms under penalty of
perjury that this Certificate is the act and deed of OmniCorder Technologies,
Inc. and that the facts stated herein are true and correct.


                                       OMNICORDER TECHNOLOGIES, INC.




                                       By:/s/Celia Schiffner
                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Celia Schiffner
                                          Controller

                                       6

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>e1002618.txt
<DESCRIPTION>WARRANT
<TEXT>
                                                                     EXHIBIT 4.2


THE WARRANT REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
EXERCISE HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"). NEITHER THIS WARRANT NOR SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (A) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (B) UPON RECEIPT BY
THE ISSUER OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, WHICH OPINION OF COUNSEL SHALL BE
REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER, TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH TRANSFER IS
EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH STATE SECURITIES
LAWS.



                                     WARRANT

                            TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                          OMNICORDER TECHNOLOGIES, INC.


WARRANT NO. A-___

         THIS CERTIFIES that, for value received, _______________, or its
permitted assigns registered on the books of the Company (collectively, the
"Holder"), is entitled to purchase from OmniCorder Technologies, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the "Company"), at any time, and from time to time, during
the exercise period referred to in Section 1 hereof, an initial quantity of
_________ shares, as subject to adjustment pursuant to the terms hereof (as so
adjusted, the "Warrant Shares") of Common Stock, par value $.001 per share (the
"Common Stock"), of the Company. The purchase price for each Warrant Share is
$1.10, as subject to adjustment pursuant to the terms hereof (as so adjusted,
the "Warrant Share Price"). Securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant
and the price payable therefor are subject to adjustment from time to time as
hereinafter set forth. As used herein, the term "Warrant" shall mean this
warrant certificate, together with any warrant certificates hereafter issued in
consequence of the exercise of this Warrant in part or transfer of this Warrant
in whole or in part.

         1. Exercise; Payment for Ownership Interest. The Company shall have
reserved sufficient Common Stock (given all other Common Stock share
reservations) to allow for the exercise of this Warrant.

                  (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
herein, this Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part by the Holder hereof
at any time, or from time to time, on or after the date hereof and prior to 5:00
p.m., New York time, on December 14, 2009, by presentation and surrender of
this Warrant at the principal offices of the Company, together with the Purchase
Form annexed hereto, duly executed, and accompanied by payment to the Company of
an amount equal to the Warrant Share Price multiplied by the number of Warrant
Shares as to which this Warrant is then being exercised. Moreover, any transfer
of Warrant Shares obtained by the Holder in exercise of this Warrant is subject
to the requirement that such securities be registered under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and applicable state securities laws
or exempt from registration under such laws. The Holder of this Warrant shall be
deemed to be a shareholder owning the Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is
exercised in accordance herewith effective immediately after the close of
business on the date on which the Holder shall have delivered to the Company
this Warrant in proper form for exercise and payment by certified or official
bank check or wire transfer of the cash purchase price for the number of Warrant
Shares as to which this Warrant is then being exercised.

<PAGE>

                  (b) If this Warrant shall be exercised in part only, the
Company shall, upon surrender of this Warrant for cancellation, execute and
deliver a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder thereof to purchase
the balance of the Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder as to which this Warrant
has not been exercised. If this Warrant is exercised in part, such exercise
shall be for a whole number of Warrant Shares. Upon any exercise and surrender
of this Warrant, the Company (i) will issue and deliver to the Holder a
certificate or certificates in the name of the Holder for the largest whole
number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder shall be entitled and, if this
Warrant is exercised in whole, in lieu of any fractional Warrant Share to which
the Holder otherwise might be entitled, cash in an amount equal to the fair
value of such fractional Warrant Share (determined in such reasonable and
equitable manner as the Board of Directors of the Company shall in good faith
decide), and (ii) will deliver to the Holder such other securities, properties
and cash which the Holder may be entitled to receive upon such exercise, or the
proportionate part thereof if this Warrant is exercised in part, pursuant to the
provisions of this Warrant.

         2. Adjustments. Securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant and
the Warrant Share Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as
follows:

                  (a) Reorganization, Reclassification, Consolidation, Merger or
Sale. If any capital reorganization or reclassification of the Company, or any
consolidation or merger of the Company with another person, or the sale,
transfer or lease of all or substantially all of its assets to another person,
shall be effected in such a way that holders of shares of Common Stock shall be
entitled to receive stock, securities or assets with respect to or in exchange
for their shares, then provision shall be made, in accordance with this Section
2(a), whereby the Holder hereof shall thereafter have the right to purchase and
receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in this
Warrant and in addition to or in exchange for, as applicable, the Warrant Shares
subject to this Warrant immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon
the exercise of the rights represented hereby, such securities or assets as
would have been issued or payable with respect to or in exchange for the
aggregate Warrant Shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon
the exercise of the rights represented hereby if exercise of the Warrant had
occurred immediately prior to such reorganization, reclassification,
consolidation, merger or sale. The Company will not effect any such
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or lease unless prior to the consummation
thereof the successor entity (if other than the Company) resulting from such
consolidation or merger or the entity purchasing or leasing such assets shall
assume by written instrument (i) the obligation to deliver to the Holder such
securities or assets as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Holder
may be entitled to purchase, and (ii) all other obligations of the Company under
this Warrant. The provisions of this Section 2(a) shall similarly apply to
successive consolidations, mergers, exchanges, sales, transfers or leases.

                  (b) Securities Distributions. If, at any time or from time to
time after the date of this Warrant, the Company shall distribute to the holders
of shares of Common Stock securities, without fair payment therefor, then, and
in each such case, the Holder, upon the exercise of this Warrant, shall be
entitled to receive such securities or property which the Holder would have held
on the date of such exercise if, on the date of this Warrant, the Holder had
been the holder of record of the shares of Common Stock acquireable upon such
exercise and, during the period from the date of this Warrant to and including
the date of such exercise, had retained such shares of Common Stock and the
securities receivable by the Holder during such period, subject, however, to the
Holder agreeing to any conditions to such distribution as were required of all
other holders of shares of Common Stock in connection with such distribution.

                  (c) Other Adjustments. In addition to those adjustments set
forth in Sections 2(b) and 2(c), but without duplication of the adjustments to
be made under such Sections, if the Company:

                                        2
<PAGE>

                           (i) pays a dividend or makes a distribution on its
Common Stock in shares of Common Stock, convertible preferred stock, options,
warrants, or other securities or rights directly or indirectly convertible into
or exercisable for Common Stock (any such securities or rights, "Equity
Securities");

                           (ii) subdivides its outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a greater number of shares;

                           (iii) combines its outstanding shares of Common Stock
into a smaller number of shares;

                           (iv) makes a distribution on its Common Stock in
shares of its capital stock other than Common Stock; and/or

                           (v) issues, by reclassification of its Common Stock,
any shares of its capital stock;

then the number and kind of Warrant Shares purchasable upon exercise of this
Warrant shall be adjusted so that the Holder upon exercise hereof shall be
entitled to receive the kind and number of Warrant Shares or other securities of
the Company that the Holder would have owned or have been entitled to receive
after the happening of any of the events described above had this Warrant been
exercised immediately prior to the happening of such event or any record date
with respect thereto. An adjustment made pursuant to this Section 2(c) shall
become effective immediately after the record date in the case of a dividend or
distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in
the case of a subdivision, combination or issuance. If, as a result of an
adjustment made pursuant to this Section 2(c), the Holder of this Warrant shall
become entitled to receive shares of two or more classes of capital stock or
shares of Common Stock and any other class of capital stock of the Company, the
Board of Directors (whose determination shall be conclusive and shall be
described in a written notice to all holders of Warrants promptly after such
adjustment) shall determine the allocation of the adjusted Warrant Share Price
between or among shares of such classes of capital stock or shares of Common
Stock and such other class of capital stock. The adjustment to the number of
Warrant Shares purchasable upon the exercise of this Warrant described in this
Section 2(c) shall be made each time any event listed in paragraphs (i) through
(v) of this Section 2(c) occurs. Simultaneously with all adjustments to the
number and/or kind of securities and property to be issued in connection with
the exercise of this Warrant, the Warrant Share Price shall, subject to Section
11, also be appropriately and proportionately adjusted such that the amount
determined by multiplying the number of Warrant Shares by the Warrant Share
Price will be the same as before the adjustment.

                  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2(c),
upon the redemption or repurchase of any Equity Securities issued as described
in Section 2(c)(i) or the expiration or termination of the right associated with
such Equity Securities to convert into, exchange for, or exercise with respect
to, Common Stock, the Warrant Share Price shall, subject to Section 11, be
readjusted to such price as would have been obtained had the adjustment made
upon the issuance of such Equity Securities been made upon the basis of the
issuance of only the number of such Equity Securities as were actually converted
into, exchanged for, or exercised with respect to, Common Stock. If the purchase
price or conversion or exchange rate provided for in any such Equity Securities
changes at any time, then, upon such change becoming effective, the Warrant
Share Price then in effect shall, subject to Section 11, be readjusted to such
price as would have been obtained had the adjustment made upon the issuance of
such Equity Securities been made upon the basis of (A) the issuance of only the
number of shares of Common Stock theretofore actually delivered upon the
conversion, exchange or exercise of such Equity Securities, and the total
consideration received therefor, and (B) the granting or issuance, at the time
of such change,

                                        3
<PAGE>

of any such Equity Securities then still outstanding for the
consideration, if any, received by the Company therefor and to be received on
the basis of such changed price or rate.

                  (d) Sale of Securities. If the Company issues convertible
preferred stock in the Rights Offering described in the Company's Private
Placement Term Sheet and Exhibits, dated December 6, 2004, at a price per share
(the "Rights Offering Price") of less than $1.00 and the Warrant Share Price is
then greater than the Rights Offering Price, the Warrant Share Price shall,
subject to Section 11, be automatically adjusted to equal the Rights Offering
Price.

                  (e) Other Action Affecting Warrant Shares. If the Company
takes any action affecting its shares of Common Stock after the date hereof,
that would be covered by Sections 2(a), 2(b) or 2(c) but for the manner in which
such action is taken or structured, then the Warrant Share Price shall, subject
to Section 11, be adjusted in such manner as the Board of Directors of the
Company shall in good faith determine to be equitable under the circumstances.

                  (f) Notice of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment or readjustment of the Warrant Share Price pursuant to this Section
2, the Company at its expense will promptly compute such adjustment or
readjustment in accordance with the terms of this Warrant and prepare a
certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail
the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Company will
forthwith mail, by first class mail, postage prepaid, a copy of each such
certificate to the Holder of this Warrant at the address of such Holder as shown
on the books of the Company.

                  (g) Other Notices. If at any time:

                           (i) the Company shall (i) offer for subscription pro
rata to the holders of shares of the Common Stock any additional equity in the
Company or other rights or (ii) take any action of the type described in
clauses (i) through (v) of Section 2(c);

                           (ii) there shall be any capital reorganization or
reclassification or consolidation or merger of the Company with, or sale,
transfer or lease of all or  substantially  all of its assets to,  another
entity; or

                           (iii) there shall be a voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company;

then, in any one or more of said cases, the Company shall give, by first class
mail, postage prepaid, to the Holder of this Warrant at the address of such
Holder as shown on the books of the Company, (A) at least 15 days' prior written
notice of the date on which the books of the Company shall close or a record
shall be taken for the relevant subscription rights, dividend, distribution or
issuance, and (B) in the case of any such reorganization, reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation or winding up, at least 15
days' prior written notice of the date when the same shall take place if no
stockholder vote is required and at least 15 days' prior written notice of the
record date for stockholders entitled to vote upon such matter if a stockholder
vote is required. Such notice in accordance with the foregoing clause (A) shall
also specify, in the case of any such subscription rights, the date on which the
holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to exercise their rights
with respect thereto, and such notice in accordance with the foregoing clause
(B) shall also specify the date on which the holders of shares of Common Stock
shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities or
other property deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation or winding up, as the case
may be. Failure to give the notice referred to herein shall not affect the
validity or legality of the action which should have been the subject of the
notice.

                                        4
<PAGE>

         3. No Voting Rights. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Warrant
shall not be deemed to confer upon the Holder any right to vote or to consent to
or receive notice as a stockholder of the Company, as such, in respect of any
matters whatsoever, or any other rights or liabilities as a stockholder, prior
to the exercise hereof.

         4. Warrants Transferable. This Warrant and all rights hereunder are
transferable, in whole or in part, at the principal offices of the Company by
the Holder hereof, upon surrender of this Warrant properly endorsed; provided,
however, that without the prior written consent of the Company, this Warrant and
all rights hereunder may be transferred only (a) to an affiliate of the initial
Holder hereof or successor in interest to any such person in a transaction
exempt from registration under the Securities Act; or (b) pursuant to the
registration of this Warrant or the Warrant Shares under the Securities Act or
subsequent to one year from the date hereof under Rule 144 or other exemption
from such registration.

         5. Warrants Exchangeable; Loss, Theft, Destruction, Etc. This Warrant
is exchangeable, upon surrender hereof by the Holder hereof at the principal
offices of the Company, for new Warrants of like tenor representing in the
aggregate the right to subscribe for and purchase the Warrant Shares which may
be subscribed for and purchased hereunder, each such new Warrant to represent
the right to subscribe for and purchase such Warrant Shares (not to exceed the
maximum aggregate Warrant Shares which may be purchased hereunder) as shall be
designated by such Holder hereof at the time of such surrender. Upon receipt of
evidence satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or
mutilation of this Warrant and, in the case of any such loss, theft or
destruction, upon delivery of a bond or indemnity satisfactory to the Company,
or, in the case of any such mutilation, upon surrender or cancellation of this
Warrant, the Company will issue to the Holder hereof a new Warrant of like
tenor, in lieu of this Warrant, representing the right to subscribe for and
purchase the Warrant Shares which may then be subscribed for and purchased
hereunder.

         6. Legends; Investment Representations. Any certificate evidencing the
securities issued upon exercise of this Warrant shall bear a legend in
substantially the following form:

         THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
         UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "ACT"). SUCH
         SECURITIES MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (A) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
         REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE
         SECURITIES LAWS OR (B) UPON RECEIPT BY THE ISSUER OF AN OPINION OF
         COUNSEL, WHICH OPINION OF COUNSEL SHALL BE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO
         THE ISSUER, TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH TRANSFER IS EXEMPT FROM
         REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT AND SUCH STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

         7. Modifications and Waivers. The terms of the Warrants may be amended,
modified or waived by written agreement of the Company and the holders of
warrants issued in connection with the "Offering" (as defined in the
Subscription Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Company and the
initial Holder) representing a majority of the Common Stock represented by all
such warrants then outstanding.

         8. Miscellaneous. The Company shall pay all expenses and other charges
payable in connection with the preparation, issuance and delivery of this
Warrant and all substitute Warrants other than as set forth in this Section 8.
The Holder shall pay all taxes (other than any issuance taxes, including,
without limitation, documentary stamp taxes, transfer taxes and other
governmental charges, which shall be paid by the Company) in connection with
such issuance and delivery of the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

                                        5
<PAGE>

         9. Records. The Company shall maintain, at the office or agency of the
Company maintained by the Company, books for the registration and transfer of
the Warrant.

         10. Reservation of Warrant Shares. The Company will at all times
reserve and keep available, free from preemptive rights, out of the aggregate of
its authorized but unissued Common Stock or its authorized and issued Common
Stock held in its treasury, solely for the purpose of enabling it to satisfy any
obligation to issue Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant, the maximum
number of shares of Common Stock which may then be deliverable upon the exercise
of this Warrant. The Company or, if appointed, the transfer agent for the Common
Stock (the "Transfer Agent") and every subsequent transfer agent for any shares
of the Company's capital stock issuable upon the exercise of any of the rights
of purchase aforesaid will be irrevocably authorized and directed at all times
to reserve such number of authorized shares as shall be required for such
purpose. The Company will keep a copy of this Warrant on file with the Transfer
Agent and with every subsequent transfer agent for any shares of the Company's
capital stock issuable upon the exercise of the rights of purchase represented
by this Warrant. The Company will furnish such Transfer Agent a copy of all
notices of adjustments and certificates related thereto transmitted to the
Holder pursuant to Section 2(f) hereof.

         The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon
exercise of this Warrant will, upon issue, be fully paid, nonassessable, free of
preemptive rights and free from all taxes, liens, charges and security interests
with respect to the issue thereof.

         11. Adjustment of Number of Warrant Shares Issuable and Exercise Price.
The number of Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant and the
Warrant Share Price are subject to adjustment from time to time upon the
occurrence of the events enumerated in Section 2; provided, however, that the
Warrant Share Price shall not be adjusted until such time as events shall have
occurred requiring the adjustment of the then applicable Warrant Share Price by
not less than 1% in the aggregate pursuant to Section 2.

         12. Descriptive Headings and Governing Law. The descriptive headings of
the several paragraphs of this Warrant are inserted for convenience only and do
not constitute a part of this Warrant. This Warrant shall be construed and
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, and the rights of
the parties shall be governed by, the law of such state.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Warrant has been executed as of this 14th day
of December 2004.


                                      OMNICORDER TECHNOLOGIES, INC.


                                      By:
                                         --------------------------------------
                                          Celia Schiffner
                                          Controller

                                        6
<PAGE>

                                  PURCHASE FORM

                                                          Dated:
                                                                ----------, ----

         The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the within
Warrant to the extent of purchasing _____ Warrant Shares (as such Warrant
Shares have been adjusted to date) and hereby makes payment of $_______ in
payment of the exercise price thereof.



                                          -------------------------------------

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>e1002454.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.1


                             SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT


         This SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of this 14th
day of December 2004, by and between OmniCorder Technologies, Inc., a
corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the "Company"),
and the undersigned subscriber (the "Subscriber").

         WHEREAS, the Company desires to provide financing for itself by issuing
a maximum of 3,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value
$.01 per share (the "Preferred Shares"), in a private placement (this
"Offering") conducted in accordance with Regulation D promulgated under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), each Preferred Share
convertible initially into one share of the Company's Common Stock, par value
$.001 per share (the "Common Stock"), and having the rights and preferences
described in the Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of the
Preferred Shares attached hereto as Exhibit 1 (the "Certificate of
Designation");

         WHEREAS, the Subscriber desires to subscribe to purchase the number of
Preferred Shares set forth on the signature page hereof; and

         WHEREAS, as additional consideration for the Subscriber's subscription
for Preferred Shares hereunder (assuming the same is accepted by the Company),
the Company will issue to the Subscriber, for no additional consideration, a
Warrant in the form of Exhibit 2 attached hereto (the "Warrant") to purchase a
number of shares of Common Stock equal to 30% of the Preferred Shares subscribed
hereunder;

         NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and the mutual
covenants hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows:

I. SUBSCRIPTION FOR PREFERRED SHARES AND REPRESENTATIONS BY AND COVENANTS OF
SUBSCRIBER.

         1.1 Subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, the
Subscriber hereby subscribes for and agrees to purchase from the Company such
number of Preferred Shares as is set forth upon the signature page hereof at a
price equal to $1.00 per Preferred Share (the "Subscription Price"), and the
Company agrees to sell such Preferred Shares to the Subscriber at said
Subscription Price. The Subscription Price is payable contemporaneously with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by check made payable to the order of
"OmniCorder Technologies, Inc.," or by wire transfer of immediately available
funds (without deduction or setoff for any taxes or transaction expenses) to:

          Bank:            North Fork Bank
                           1745 Broadway, New York, NY 10019
          ABA #:           021407912
          Account #:       9614012806
          Credit Account:  Greenberg Traurig, LLP, as Agent for OmniCorder
                           Technologies, Inc.
          Reference:       64897.0100
          FBO:             Insert Name of Subscriber
          Attn:            _____________________________

Assuming the Subscriber's subscription hereunder is accepted by the Company, the
Preferred Shares and the associated Warrant will be delivered by the Company to
the Subscriber as provided in Article III hereof.

         1.2 This Agreement, and the Subscriber's subscription for Preferred
Shares hereunder, is subject to acceptance by the Company. The Company reserves
the right to accept or reject the Subscriber's subscription for any reason in
its sole discretion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Agreement, the Company shall not be bound by this Agreement, and the Subscriber
shall have no right to receive the securities subscribed hereunder, until such
time as the Company executes and delivers to the Subscriber a counterpart
signature page to this Agreement.

<PAGE>

         1.3 The Subscriber recognizes that its subscription for and purchase of
Preferred Shares involves a high degree of risk in that: (a) the Company has
incurred substantial losses and it will require substantial additional financing
to continue its operations even if it is able to secure subscriptions for the
maximum Offering amount; (b) an investment in the Company is highly speculative
and only investors who can afford the loss of their entire investment should
consider investing in the Company and the Preferred Shares; (c) it may not be
able to liquidate its investment; (d) transferability of the Preferred Shares is
extremely limited; (e) the Company will in all likelihood be unable to pay cash
dividends on the Preferred Stock; and (f) the Company is subject to a variety of
other risk factors, including those described in its Registration Statement on
Form SB-2, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"SEC"), effective on September 17, 2004. The Subscriber acknowledges that the
Company has and continues to incur substantial costs and expenses in maintaining
its business operations. The Subscriber recognizes that the Company's failure to
raise additional financing subsequent to this Offering may prevent it from
implementing its business strategy and continuing effectively as a going
concern.

         1.4 The Subscriber acknowledges that it has been furnished by the
Company during the course of this transaction with all information regarding the
Company which it has requested; and that it has been afforded the opportunity to
ask questions of and receive answers from duly authorized officers or other
representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the
Offering, and any additional information which it had requested.

         1.5 The Subscriber acknowledges that this Offering may involve adverse
tax consequences (including, but not limited to, the possible need to recognize
dividend income relating to the Preferred Shares) and that the Company has not
provided it with tax advice or information. The Subscriber acknowledges that it
must retain its own professional advisors to evaluate the tax and other
consequences of an investment in the Preferred Shares.

         1.6 The Subscriber hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the
Company that as of the date hereof and as of the closing date of the
Subscriber's subscription for Purchased Shares hereunder (the "Closing Date"):

              (a) The Subscriber is an "accredited investor," as such term in
defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, as
indicated by its responses to the Investor Questionnaire attached hereto as
Annex I (the "Investor Questionnaire"), and that it is able to bear the economic
risk of an investment in the Preferred Shares. The information furnished in the
Investor Questionnaire is accurate and complete in all respects. The Subscriber
acknowledges that the Company is relying on this representation and warranty and
the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 1.6(b) through 1.6(e),
to ensure compliance with the federal securities laws.

              (b) The Subscriber did not learn of the Offering directly or
indirectly, through any general solicitation or advertising, including, but not
limited to, learning of the Company or the Offering as a result of viewing any
press releases or similar types of publicly-available information which directly
or indirectly resulted in the Subscriber subscribing for Preferred Shares in the
Offering.

              (c) The Subscriber has significant prior investment experience,
including investment in non-listed and non-registered securities and it
recognizes the highly speculative nature of an investment in the Preferred
Shares.

              (d) If the Subscriber is a corporation, partnership, limited
liability company, trust or other entity: (i) it was not formed for the purpose
of investing in the Company; (ii) it is authorized and otherwise duly qualified
to subscribe for, purchase and hold the Preferred Shares; (iii) this Agreement
has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by it and
constitutes its legal, binding and enforceable obligation; and (iv) its entry
into this Agreement and its subscription for and holding of the Purchased Shares
subscribed hereunder will not result in a violation of, or constitute a default
under, its organizational documents, any material obligations, agreement,
covenant or condition contained in any bond, debenture, note or other evidence
of indebtedness or in any material contract, indenture, mortgage, loan
agreement, lease, joint venture or other agreement or instrument to

                                       2
<PAGE>

which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties may be bound or any
material order, law, rule, regulation, writ, injunction, or decree of any
government, governmental instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign.

              (e) The Preferred Shares subscribed for hereunder are being
subscribed for and purchased for its own account, for investment and not for
distribution or resale to others. The Subscriber agrees that it will not sell or
otherwise transfer the Preferred Shares or any Conversion Shares (as defined in
Section 1.8) unless they are registered under the Securities Act or unless an
exemption from such registration is available.

              (f) The Subscriber is relying solely on the information contained
in this Agreement, including the Certificate of Designation and the Warrant
(together, the "Subscription Documents") and the Company's filings with the SEC
pursuant to the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the "Exchange Act"), and information obtained through its own due
diligence, in making its decision to acquire the Preferred Shares. Except as set
forth in the Subscription Documents, no representations or warranties have been
made to the Subscriber by the Company or any agent, employee or affiliate of the
Company.

              (g) If the Subscriber is not a United States person, it has
satisfied itself as to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction in
connection with any invitation to subscribe for the Preferred Shares or any use
of this Agreement, including: (i) the legal requirements within its jurisdiction
for the subscription for and purchase of the Preferred Shares; (ii) any foreign
exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase; (iii) any governmental or
other consents that may need to be obtained; and (iv) the income tax and other
tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the subscription for, and the
purchase, holding, sale or transfer of, the Preferred Shares. The Subscriber's
subscription and payment for, and its continued beneficial ownership of the
Preferred Shares, will not violate any applicable securities or other laws of
the Subscriber's jurisdiction.

              (h) The address and other contact information furnished by the
Subscriber on the signature page of this Agreement is its principal residence if
such it is an individual or its principal business address if it is a
corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other entity.

         1.7 The Subscriber acknowledges that this Offering has not been
reviewed by the SEC nor has the SEC or any state securities commission passed
upon the accuracy or adequacy of the Subscription Documents.

         1.8 The Subscriber understands that trading of the Common Stock on the
OTC Bulletin Board is limited and sporadic. The Subscriber understands that as a
public market develops for the Company's securities, Rule 144 promulgated under
the Securities Act ("Rule 144") requires, among other conditions, a one-year
holding period prior to the resale (in limited amounts) of securities acquired
in a non-public offering without having to satisfy the registration requirements
under the Securities Act. The Subscriber understands that the Company makes no
representation or warranty regarding its fulfillment in the future of any
reporting requirements under the Exchange Act, or its dissemination to the
public of any current financial or other information concerning the Company, as
is required by the Rule as one of the conditions of its availability. The
Subscriber understands and hereby acknowledges that the Company is under no
obligation to register the securities acquired hereunder under the Securities
Act, with the exception of certain limited registration rights relating to the
shares issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares and exercise of the
Warrants (the "Conversion Shares") set forth in Article IV hereof. The
Subscriber consents that the Company may, if it desires, permit the transfer of
the Preferred Shares or the Conversion Shares out of its name only when its
request for transfer is accompanied by an opinion of counsel reasonably
satisfactory to the Company that neither the sale nor the proposed transfer
results in a violation of the Act or any applicable state "blue sky" laws
(collectively, the "Securities Laws"). The Subscriber agrees to hold the
Company, its directors and officers, and each person, if any, who controls it
within the meaning of the Securities Act (collectively, the "Controlling
Persons"), and their respective heirs, representatives, successors and assigns
harmless and to indemnify them against any and all loss, damage, liability, cost
and expense, including, without limitation, reasonable legal fees and costs of
investigation (collectively, "Damages"), incurred by them as a result of any
misrepresentation made by the Subscriber contained herein or in the Investor
Questionnaire or any sale or distribution by the Subscriber in violation of any
Securities Laws.

                                       3
<PAGE>

         1.9 The Subscriber consents to the placement of a legend on any
certificate or other document evidencing the Preferred Shares and the Conversion
Shares stating that they have not been registered under the Securities Act and
setting forth or referring to the applicable restrictions on transferability and
sale thereof.

         1.10 The Subscriber acknowledges that at such time as the Conversion
Shares are registered, sales of such securities will be subject to state
securities laws, including those of states which may require any securities sold
therein to be sold through a registered broker-dealer or in reliance upon an
exemption from registration.

II. REPRESENTATIONS BY THE COMPANY.

         2.1 The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the
Subscriber that as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date:

              (a) The Company is a corporation duly organized, existing and in
good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has the corporate
power to conduct the business which it conducts and proposes to conduct.

              (b) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by
the Company will have been duly approved by the Board of Directors of the
Company and all other actions required to authorize and effect the offer and
sale of the Preferred Shares and the securities contained therein will have been
duly taken and approved.

              (c) The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the issuance of
the Preferred Shares, the incurrence of the obligations incurred by it herein
and in the other Subscription Documents and the consummation of the transactions
herein contemplated will not result in a violation of, or constitute a default
under, the Company's certificate of incorporation or by-laws, any material
obligations, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any bond, debenture,
note or other evidence of indebtedness or in any material contract, indenture,
mortgage, loan agreement, lease, joint venture or other agreement or instrument
to which the Company is a party or by which it or any of its properties may be
bound or any material order, law, rule, regulation, writ, injunction, or decree
of any government, governmental instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign,
except where such violation or default would not have a material adverse effect
on the Company's business or financial condition.

              (d) The Preferred Shares and Warrants have been duly and validly
authorized and when issued and paid for in accordance with the terms hereof,
will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

              (e) The Company will at all times have authorized and reserved a
sufficient number of Conversion Shares to provide for conversion of the
Preferred Shares and the exercise of the Warrant.

              (f) As of their respective dates, the Company's Annual Report on
Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2003, as amended by Amendment No. 1
thereto on Form 10-KSB/A, and the Company's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-QSB for
the quarters ended March 31, 2004, June 30, 2004 and September 30, 2004
(collectively, the "Company SEC Documents"): (a) complied as to form in all
material respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the
respective rules and regulations adopted under such statute; and (b) did not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

              (g) The balance sheets, and statements of income, changes in cash
flows and stockholders' equity contained in the Company SEC Documents fairly
present the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of
their respective dates and for the periods presented, and have been prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a basis
consistent with prior periods (and, in the case of unaudited financial
information, on a basis consistent with year-end audits). The financial
statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year
ended December 31, 2003 are as audited

                                       4
<PAGE>

by, and include the related opinions of, Marcum & Kliegman LLP, the Company's
independent certified public accountants. The financial information included in
the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended September
30, 2004 is unaudited, but reflects all adjustments (including normally
recurring accounts) which the Company considers necessary for a fair
presentation of such information.

              (h) Subsequent to its filing of its Quarterly Report on Form
10-QSB for the quarter ended September 30, 2004, the Company filed a Current
Report on Form 8-K on November 23, 2004. The Company has not filed, and nothing
has occurred with respect to which the Company would be required to file, any
Current Report on Form 8-K since November 23, 2004. Prior to and until the
Closing, the Company will provide to the Subscriber copies of any and all
reports filed by the Company with the SEC after September 3, 2004.

III. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION.

         3.1 The subscription period will begin as of December 6, 2004 and will
terminate at 4:59 p.m., Eastern time, on February 28, 2005, unless extended by
the Company for up to an additional 90 days in its sole discretion (the
"Termination Date"). Such extension may be effected without notice to the
Subscribers. The Preferred Shares will be offered on a "best efforts" basis.

         3.2 Pending the sale of the Preferred Shares, all funds paid by the
Subscriber pursuant to Section 1.1 shall be deposited by the Company in a
segregated account or sub-account. The Subscriber shall have no right to any
interest earned in respect of its subscription funds irrespective of whether
such subscription is accepted or rejected by the Company. All subscription funds
with respect to subscriptions for Preferred Shares accepted by the Company shall
be paid over to the Company within five business days after the Closing Date.
Placements of additional Preferred Shares may continue until the Termination
Date, with subsequent releases of funds to be at the consent of the Company.

         3.3 Assuming the Subscriber's subscription for Preferred Shares
hereunder is accepted by the Company, as additional consideration for such
subscription, the Company shall issue to the Subscriber, for no additional
consideration, a Warrant in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto to purchase
such number of shares of Common Stock as equals the product of: (a) the number
of Preferred Shares subscribed hereunder; and (b) 30%. The Subscriber hereby
authorizes and directs the Company to deliver certificates representing the
securities to be issued to it pursuant to this Agreement either to the
residential or business address indicated by it on the signature page hereof.

         3.4 If the Company rejects the Subscriber's subscription for Preferred
Shares hereunder, the subscription funds paid by the Subscriber pursuant to
Section 1.1 shall be returned to the Subscriber within ten business days after
the Closing Date. The Subscriber hereby authorizes and directs the Company to
return any funds for unaccepted subscriptions to the same account from which
such funds were drawn.

IV. REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

         4.1 Required Registration Under the Securities Act.

              (a) The Company shall, for the benefit of the Holders (as defined
below), at the Company's cost, file with the SEC on or prior to six months after
the final closing of the Offering (the "Final Closing"), a Shelf Registration
Statement (as defined below) providing for the sale by the Holders of all the
Registrable Securities (as defined below), and shall use its best efforts to
have such Shelf Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as
practicable and, in any event, within 9 months after the Final Closing. The
Company agrees to use its best efforts to keep the Shelf Registration Statement
continuously effective for a period of 18 months after the date of effectiveness
(the "Effectiveness Period"). The Company further agrees, if necessary or
appropriate, to supplement or amend the Shelf Registration Statement, if
required by the rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the
registration form used by the Company for such Shelf Registration Statement or
by the Securities Act or by any other rules and regulations thereunder for such
registrations, and the Company agrees to furnish to the holders of Registrable
Securities copies of any such supplement or amendment promptly after its being
used or filed with the SEC. As used in this Agreement: (i) "Registrable
Securities" shall mean (A) the Conversion

                                       5
<PAGE>

Shares and (B) any securities issued in exchange for or substitution of any
thereof or as a result of a stock split or combination or as a dividend or other
distribution in respect thereof; (ii) "Holders" shall mean the holders of all
Registrable Securities; and (iii) "Shelf Registration Statement" shall mean a
"shelf" registration statement which covers all of the Registrable Securities on
an appropriate form under Rule 415 under the Securities Act, or any similar rule
that may be adopted by the SEC, and all amendments and supplements to such
registration statement, including post-effective amendments, in each case
including the Prospectus contained therein, all exhibits thereto and all
material incorporated by reference therein.

                  (b) Effective Registration Statement. A Shelf Registration
Statement pursuant to Section 4.1(a) above will not be deemed to have become
effective unless it has been declared effective by the SEC; provided that if,
after it has been declared effective, the offering of Registrable Securities
pursuant to a Shelf Registration Statement is interfered with by any stop order,
injunction or other order or requirement of the SEC or any other governmental
agency or court, such Registration Statement will be deemed not to have been
effective during the period of such interference, until the offering of
Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement may legally
resume. The Company will be deemed not to have used its reasonable efforts to
cause the Shelf Registration Statement to become, or to remain, effective during
the requisite period if it voluntarily takes any action that would result in any
such Registration Statement not being effective or in the holders of Registrable
Securities covered thereby not being able to offer and sell such Registrable
Securities during that period.

          4.2      Expenses.

              (a) With respect to the registration required pursuant to Section
4.1 hereof, all fees, costs and expenses of and incidental to such registration,
inclusion and public offering (as specified in paragraph (b) below) in
connection therewith shall be borne by the Company, provided, however, that the
Holders shall bear their pro rata share of the underwriting discount and
commissions and transfer taxes and the cost of their own counsel.

              (b) The fees, costs and expenses of registration to be borne by
the Company as provided in Section 4.2(a) above shall include, without
limitation, all registration, filing, and NASD fees, printing expenses, fees and
disbursements of counsel and accountants for the Company, and all legal fees and
disbursements and other expenses of complying with state securities or blue sky
laws of any jurisdictions in which the securities to be offered are to be
registered and qualified. Fees and disbursements of counsel and accountants for
the Holders and any other expenses incurred by the Holders not expressly
included above shall be borne by the Holders.

          4.3      Indemnification.

              (a) The Company will indemnify and hold harmless each Holder of
Registrable Securities which are included in a registration statement pursuant
to the provisions of Section 4.1 hereof and its Controlling Persons from and
against, and will reimburse such Holder and each such Controlling Person with
respect to, all Damages to which such Holder or Controlling Person may become
subject under the Act or otherwise, insofar as such Damages are caused by any
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in
such registration statement, any prospectus contained therein or any amendment
or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged
omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which
they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company will not be liable in
any such case to the extent that any such Damages arise out of or are based upon
an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission
so made in conformity with information furnished by or on behalf of such Holder
or such Controlling Person in writing specifically for use in the preparation
thereof.

              (b) Each Holder of Registrable Securities included in a
registration pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.1 hereof will indemnify and
hold harmless the Company, its Controlling Persons and any underwriter from and
against, and will reimburse the Company, its Controlling Persons and any
underwriter with respect to, any and all Damages to which the Company its
Controlling Persons and/or any underwriter may become subject under the
Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such Damages are caused by any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in such
registration statement, any prospectus contained therein or any amendment or
supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged
omission

                                       6
<PAGE>

to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which
they were made, not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the
extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or
alleged omission was so made in reliance upon and in strict conformity with
written information furnished by or on behalf of such Holder or its Controlling
Persons specifically for use in the preparation thereof.

              (c) Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party pursuant to the
provisions of Sections 4.3(a) or 4.3(b) of notice of the commencement of any
action involving the subject matter of the foregoing indemnity provisions, such
indemnified party will, if a claim thereof is to be made against the
indemnifying party pursuant to the provisions of Sections 4.3(a) or 4.3(b),
promptly notify the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof; provided
that the failure to so notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it from
any liability which it may have to any indemnified party except to the extent
that the indemnifying party shall have actually been prejudiced by such failure
to notify. In case such action is brought against any indemnified party and it
notifies the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying
party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent that it may
wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume
the defense thereof, with counsel satisfactory to such indemnified party,
provided, however, if counsel for the indemnifying party concludes that a single
counsel cannot under applicable legal and ethical considerations, represent both
the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, the indemnified party or
parties have the right to select separate counsel to participate in the defense
of such action on behalf of such indemnified party or parties. After notice from
the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election so to assume
the defense thereof, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such
indemnified party pursuant to the provisions of Sections 4.3(a) or 4.3(b) for
any legal or other expense subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in
connection with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of
investigation, unless: (i) the indemnified party shall have employed counsel in
accordance with the provisions of the preceding sentence; (ii) the indemnifying
party shall not have employed counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified
party to represent the indemnified party within a reasonable time after the
notice of the commencement of the action; or (iii) the indemnifying party has
authorized the employment of counsel for the indemnified party at the expense of
the indemnifying party.

V. MISCELLANEOUS.

         5.1 The Subscriber hereby agrees that it shall keep the fact of this
Offering and the terms of this Agreement in the strictest confidentiality and,
except to the extent required by applicable law, shall not disclose the same to
any person other than its Controlling Persons, employees and advisors who need
to know such information for purposes of evaluating and/or monitoring an
investment in the Company. The Company hereby agrees not to disclose the names,
addresses or any other information about the Subscriber, except as required by
law; provided that the Company may use information relating to the Subscriber in
any registration statement under the Act with respect to the Preferred Shares.

         5.2 Any notice or other communication given hereunder shall be deemed
sufficient if in writing and delivered by hand or by recognized express delivery
service, or sent by facsimile, in each case, addressed to the Company at its
principal executive offices located at 12-8 Technology Drive, East Setauket, NY
11733, facsimile: 631-689-1109, Attention: Mr. Mark A Fauci, President and Chief
Executive Officer, and to the Subscriber in accordance with the contact
information provided by it on signature page of this Agreement. Notices shall be
deemed to have been given on the date received (or, if such date is not a
business day, on the next subsequent business day) or, in the case of notices by
facsimile, on the date transmitted (or, if such date is not a business day, on
the next subsequent business day), with receipt confirmed by the sender's
transmitting device.

         5.3 This Agreement shall not be changed, modified or amended except by
a writing signed by the parties to be charged, and this Agreement may not be
discharged except by performance in accordance with its terms or by a writing
signed by the party to be charged.

         5.4 It is agreed that a waiver by either party of a breach of any
provision of this Agreement shall not operate, or be construed, as a waiver of
any subsequent breach by that same party.

                                       7
<PAGE>

         5.5 This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the parties hereto and to their respective heirs, legal representatives,
successors and assigns. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and
understanding between the parties as to the subject matter thereof and merges
and supersedes all prior discussions, agreements and understandings of any and
every nature between them.

         5.6 Except as expressly provided to the contrary herein, the Subscriber
will bear its own costs and expenses in connection with its entry into this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (including, but not limited
to, due diligence expenses, attorneys' fees and/or accountants' fees). The
Subscriber acknowledges that: (a) the Company will pay ThinkEquity Partners and
or its affiliates a success fee payable in cash and equity with respect to
investors (other than existing Company shareholders) that it sources in
connection with this Offering; and (b) a portion of the proceeds of this
Offering will be used to fund any such cash success fees.

         5.7 This Agreement, and the rights of the parties hereunder, shall be
governed by the procedural and substantive laws of the State of New York,
without regard to the conflict of law rules thereof. Each of the Subscriber and
the Company hereby: (a) agrees to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction
of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (and
all appropriate appellate courts), or, if jurisdiction in such court is lacking,
any court of the State of New York of competent jurisdiction sitting in New York
County (and all appropriate appellate courts), in connection with any action or
dispute hereunder; and (ii) irrevocably waives any objection it may now or
hereafter have as to the venue of any proceeding brought in any such court or
that any such court is an inconvenient forum.

         5.8 The holding of any provision of this Agreement to be invalid or
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction shall not affect any other
provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.

         5.9 The parties agree to execute and deliver all such further
documents, agreements and instruments and take such other and further action as
may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes and intent of this
Agreement.

         5.10 This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterpart copies,
each of which shall be considered an original and all of which shall be deemed
to constitute one and the same instrument. Upon the execution and delivery of
this Agreement by the Subscriber, this Agreement shall become a binding
obligation of the Subscriber with respect to the subscription for and purchase
of Preferred Shares as herein provided.

                  [Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

                                       8
<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Subscriber has executed this
Agreement as of the day and year first written above.



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- -------------------------------------------------             ---------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                            <C>
Name of Subscriber  [please print]                             Number of Preferred Shares Subscribed

                                                             $
                                                              ---------------------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------             Aggregate Subscription Price**
Signature of Subscriber or Authorized Signatory*
                                                             **    Must equal the  product  of: (a) the number of
- -------------------------------------------------                  Preferred  Shares  subscribed,   as  indicated
Name of Authorized Signatory*                                      above;  and (b)  the  Subscription  Price,  as
                                                                   provided in Section 1.1

- -------------------------------------------------
Title of Authorized Signatory*

*    Subscribers that are entities please arrange             ---------------------------------------------------
     for signature by an authorized signatory and             Name of Co- Subscriber  [please print]
     provide the name and title of such
     authorized signatory where indicated.
                                                              ---------------------------------------------------
                                                              Signature of Co- Subscriber

Address of Subscriber:                                        Address of Co- Subscriber:
                     ----------------------------                                       -------------------------


- -------------------------------------------------             ---------------------------------------------------

- -------------------------------------------------             ---------------------------------------------------

- -------------------------------------------------             ---------------------------------------------------

Facsimile No.:                                                Facsimile No.:
              -----------------------------------                           -------------------------------------

Social Security or Taxpayer                                   Social Security or Taxpayer
  Identification Number of Subscriber:                         Identification Number of Co-Subscriber:

- -------------------------------------------------             ---------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


The subscription of the Subscriber identified above for the number of Preferred
Shares indicated above is hereby accepted as of the date set forth below:

OMNICORDER TECHNOLOGIES, INC.


By:
   ----------------------------------------------
      Name:
           --------------------------------------
      Title:
           --------------------------------------
Date:
    ---------------------------------------------

                    Signature Page to Subscription Agreement
<PAGE>

                                                                        Annex I

                             INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE

Instructions:  Check all boxes below which correctly describe you:

|_|  You are: (i) a bank, as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities
     Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"); (ii) a savings and
     loan association or other institution, as defined in Section
     3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities Act, whether acting in an individual or
     fiduciary capacity; (iii) a broker or dealer registered pursuant to
     Section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
     "Exchange Act"); (iv) an insurance company as defined in Section
     2(13) of the Securities Act; (v) an investment company registered
     under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
     "Investment Company Act"); (vi) a business development company as
     defined in Section 2(a)(48) of the Investment Company Act; (vii) a
     Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small
     Business Administration under Section 301 (c) or (d) of the Small
     Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended; (viii) a plan
     established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions,
     or an agency or instrumentality of a state or its political
     subdivisions, for the benefit of its employees and you have total
     assets in excess of $5,000,000; or (ix) an employee benefit plan
     within the meaning of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
     1974, as amended ("ERISA") and: (1) the decision that you shall
     subscribe for and purchase shares of Series E Convertible Preferred
     Stock, par value $.01 per share (the "Preferred Shares") is made by
     a plan fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA, which is
     either a bank, savings and loan association, insurance company, or
     registered investment adviser; (2) you have total assets in excess
     of $5,000,000 and the decision that you shall subscribe for and
     purchase Preferred Shares is made solely by persons or entities that
     are accredited investors, as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D
     promulgated under the Securities Act ("Regulation D"); or (3) you
     are a self-directed plan and the decision that you shall subscribe
     for and purchase Preferred Shares is made solely by persons or
     entities that are accredited investors.

|_|  You are a private business development company as defined in Section
     202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended.

|_|  You are an organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the
     Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), a
     corporation, Massachusetts or similar business trust or a
     partnership, in each case not formed for the specific purpose of
     making an investment in Preferred Shares and with total assets in
     excess of $5,000,000.

|_|  You are a director or executive officer of OmniCorder Technologies, Inc.

|_|  You are a natural person whose individual net worth, or joint net
     worth with your spouse, exceeds $1,000,000 at the time of your
     subscription for and purchase of Preferred Shares.

|_|  You are a natural person who had an individual income in excess of
     $200,000 in each of the two most recent years or joint income with
     your spouse in excess of $300,000 in each of the two most recent
     years, and who has a reasonable expectation of reaching the same
     income level in the current year.

|_|  You are a trust, with total assets in excess of $5,000,000, not
     formed for the specific purpose of acquiring Preferred Shares, whose
     subscribe for and purchase of Preferred Shares is directed by a
     sophisticated person as described in Rule 506(b)(2)(ii) of
     Regulation D.

|_|  You are an entity in which all of the equity owners are persons or
     entities described in one of the preceding paragraphs.

<PAGE>

         The undersigned hereby represents and warrants to the Company that all
of its answers to this Investor Questionnaire are true and correct as of the
date of its execution of the Subscription Agreement for Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock, par value $.01 per share, of OmniCorder Technologies, Inc.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- -----------------------------------------------              ---------------------------------------------
<S>                                                          <C>
Name of Subscriber  [please print]                           Name of Co- Subscriber  [please print]



- -----------------------------------------------              ---------------------------------------------
Signature of Subscriber or Authorized Signatory*             Signature of Co- Subscriber
</TABLE>


- -----------------------------------------------
Name Authorized Signatory*


- -----------------------------------------------
Title Authorized Signatory*

*    Subscribers that are entities please arrange
     for signature by an authorized signatory and
     provide the name and title of such
     authorized signatory where indicated.

                                   I-2

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>e1012924.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1

[GRAPHIC OMITTED]



Two Penn Plaza, Suite 1500 NY, NY, 10021 Tel. 212.292.5710 Fax. 212.292.5701
Www.omnicorder.com

                                                                        CONTACT:
                                                               Anne Marie Fields
                                                        Corporate Communications
                                                   OmniCorder Technologies, Inc.
                                                               Tel: 212-292-5710
                                                  E-mail: afields@omnicorder.com



                     OMNICORDER ANNOUNCES EXECUTIVE CHANGES
                            AND CLOSING OF FINANCING

         BOHEMIA, NEW YORK, DECEMBER 14, 2004 - - OmniCorder Technologies, Inc.
(OTCBB: OMCT) today announced that its Board of Directors has engaged The
Abajian Group, LLC on a full-time basis. The Abajian Group, LLC, a strategic
management consulting firm that specializes in start-up companies, has been
actively involved with OmniCorder as a part-time consultant since September of
this year. Mark A. Fauci, OmniCorder's President and Chief Executive Officer, is
no longer with the company. The Board has begun a search for a new chief
executive officer. Moving forward, William D. Abajian, a full-time special
consultant, will oversee its day-to-day operations, while Michael A. Davis,
M.D., D.Sc. will guide the strategic direction of the company. Mr. Abajian will
report directly to Dr. Davis, Chairman of the Company's Executive Committee, who
has committed a portion of his time to overseeing the management of OmniCorder
during this transition period.

         Mr. Abajian was founder and Chief Executive Officer of CPG Inc., a
biotechnology company specializing in DNA synthesis, chromatography and
molecular biology products, which was successfully sold to Millipore in 2002.
From 1981 through 1988, Mr. Abajian was with Electro Nucleonics Inc., where he
developed, manufactured and sold blood chemistry and diagnostic kits. Currently,
Mr. Abajian heads up The Abajian Group, LLC, a consultancy that brings Mr.
Abajian's 25 years of entrepreneurial experience and management expertise in the
field of medical devices and technology to bear in advising small to medium-size
companies.

         As the first part of a comprehensive financing strategy, the company
also announced that it has closed a $1.5 million financing in the form of
convertible preferred stock that was funded by both Board members and large
shareholders. A complete description of the terms of the transaction will be
filed with the SEC.

         As previously reported, Dr. Davis has served as a Director of E-Z-EM,
Inc. (AMEX: EZM), a leader in the design, manufacture and marketing of contrast
media for gastrointestinal tract radiology, since 1995, and as its Medical
Director since 1994, and Technical Director from 1997 to 2000. Dr. Davis was a
Visiting Professor of Radiology at Harvard Medical School and Visiting Scientist
in Radiology at Massachusetts General Hospital in 2002 and 2003. He has also
served as Senior Vice
<PAGE>

President and Chief Medical Officer of MedEView, Inc., a radiology informatics
company, from 2002 to 2003. He was Professor of Radiology and Nuclear Medicine
and Director of the Division of Radiologic Research, University of Massachusetts
Medical Center, from 1980 to 2002. During 1999, he also served as the President
and Chief Executive Officer of Amerimmune Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and its
wholly-owned subsidiary, Amerimmune, Inc., which were involved in pharmaceutical
research, and served as a director there from 1999 to 2003. Dr. Davis is also a
director of MacroChem Corp., a publicly-traded specialty pharmaceutical company.

ABOUT OMNICORDER TECHNOLOGIES, INC.:

         OmniCorder Technologies, Inc., headquartered in Bohemia, New York, is a
leading developer of functional medical imaging applications using advanced
infrared focal plane arrays. OmniCorder provides imaging technology for
clinicians and researchers for drug discovery, disease detection and disease
management applications.

         OmniCorder's mission is to improve the quality and cost-effectiveness
of healthcare services and research through identifying, acquiring and adapting
military and aerospace technology for biomedical applications.

THE BIOSCANIR(R) SYSTEM:

The Company's BioScanIR(R) System, which is available commercially in the U.S.
and Europe, detects diseases that affect changes in blood perfusion by detecting
minute changes in the pattern of infrared photon emissions over time. The
detector technology used in the system, known as a Quantum Well Infrared
Photodetector (QWIP), was originally developed for the Department of Defense's
Ballistic Missile Defense Initiative. The Company owns an exclusive, worldwide
license to use the technology for biomedical applications. OmniCorder believes
that the BioScanIR(R) System will improve disease detection and disease
management capabilities in many vascular and cancer medical applications. Both
cancer and vascular disease are associated with abnormal blood flow in tissues
and organs.

This press release includes statements that may constitute "forward-looking"
statements, usually containing the words "believe", "estimate", "project",
"expect" or similar expressions. These statements are made pursuant to the safe
harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements.
Factors that would cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not
limited to, continued acceptance of the Company's products and services in the
marketplace, the ability of the Company to develop effective new products and
receive governmental approvals of such products, competitive factors, dependence
upon third-party vendors, and other risks detailed in the Company's periodic
report filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. By making these
forward-looking statements, the Company undertakes no obligation to update these
statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release.

                                      ####

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
