
                                 Exhibit 99(b)
                                 -------------



Introduction and Safe Harbor Language
- -------------------------------------

Good morning. And welcome to our third quarter conference call.

Joining me this morning are Bruce  Turner,  our  President  and Chief  Executive
Officer, and Jaymin Patel, our Chief Financial Officer.

In  conjunction  with  today's  call,  we  will  webcast  a  slide  presentation
highlighting our quarterly and year-to-date  results. You can find the call, and
the  presentation,  under  "Conference  Calls and  Calendar" in the  "Investors"
section of our website at www.gtech.com .

You  will  also  find  supplemental   financial  data,  consisting  of  non-GAAP
reconciliations,  in the same  section.  All of this  material will be archived.
And, for your  convenience,  the slide  presentation will also be available in a
PDF format that you can download if you like.

Slide #2: Before we begin today's call, I would like to inform you that comments
on  this  call  may  contain  forward-looking   statements  including,   without
limitation,   statements   relating  to  the  future  operations  and  financial
performance of the Company and the Company's future strategies.

Such  forward-looking   statements  reflect  management's  assessment  based  on
information currently available, but are not guarantees and are subject to risks
and uncertainties  which would cause the results to differ materially from those
contemplated in the  forward-looking  statements.  These risks and uncertainties
include,  but are not  limited  to,  those set forth  here and in the  Company's
filings with the SEC.

Slide #3: Now I would like to turn the call over to our host, Bruce Turner.


<PAGE>


                                      GTECH
                   Bruce Turner Q3 FY05 Conference Call Script
                            Final - 21 December 2004


Slide #3:
- ---------

Hello,  everyone,  and thank you for joining us. In just a few  minutes,  Jaymin
will take you  through  the  numbers  in detail,  but first,  let me give you my
perspective on our performance over the past three months.


Slide #4:
- ---------

GTECH  enjoyed a solid,  productive  quarter in Q3. We met both our  revenue and
earnings  targets ... and we made  significant  progress  towards  ensuring  our
continued long-term growth. Our business was strong,  leading to a number of key
wins around the world.  On the  operational  side,  we  continued to improve the
efficiency  of our business.  And we furthered  our  strategic  progress in both
Commercial  Services and Gaming  Solutions  with the  announcement  of two solid
acquisitions.

Among  the key  wins in the  quarter  was a new,  six-year  integrated  services
contract with  Pronosticos in Mexico.  The contract  includes new central system
hardware,  our ES Connect  software to support IP networking,  and 11,000 Altura
terminals.

In Thailand,  our joint  venture - Loxley  GTECH  Technology - was chosen as the
preferred  bidder to provide  equipment  and services  for the  national  online
lottery. We also signed a new contract with our customer in Singapore to provide
ES Connect,  which will enable their existing lottery system to support internet
protocol (IP) networks and IP lottery terminals. In addition, GTECH will provide
Singapore  Pools with ES Connect B2B,  providing an  interface  for  third-party
systems.

Meanwhile,  here in the  States,  two  customers  -  Minnesota,  and  Colorado -
extended their GTECH contracts.  The Minnesota extension is good for three years
and  includes  over one  hundred  Instant  Ticket  Vending  Machines,  or ITVMs.
Colorado exercised an emergency 90-day extension with us in order to allow their
new vendor additional time to install their system.

GTECH won ITVM  contract  extensions  in Arizona and New Mexico during the third
quarter,  as well.  Arizona's  three-year term calls for increasing that state's
ITVM count to 420 machines - all of which will be brought online by next summer.
We view these  extensions as noteworthy for they represent a continuing  vote of
confidence from Interlott's customers.

The third quarter was also a good one for product sales. Last month, the Finnish
national  lottery  selected  GTECH as the preferred  bidder for new  interactive
lottery  software,  a new  integrated  online and instant  lottery  system,  and
terminals.  We were also selected by LoRo of  Switzerland  for a new  integrated
online and instant-ticket lottery system, terminals, and communications network.

Our Gaming  Solutions  group scored a major win when Canada's  Atlantic  Lottery
Corporation  chose GTECH to replace its existing  video lottery  central  system
with Enterprise  Series.  The new system will monitor the integrity and security
of over 9,000 video lottery terminals throughout Canada's Maritime Provinces.

Finally, we won a new Commercial Services contract in Barbados, where GTECH will
be  providing  prepaid  phone  top-ups.  Today,  the sale of prepaid  cell phone
service is available at all GTECH lottery terminals  throughout  Barbados and we
will begin  leveraging the LILHCo.  terminals to sell this service in the coming
months.

And the fourth quarter is off to a great start.  Last week we were awarded a new
seven-year  integrated  services lottery contract in Missouri and yesterday,  we
signed an agreement with our customer in Thuringen,  Germany,  for a new central
system  and  terminals.  GTECH  was also  selected  by the  Multi-State  Lottery
Association,  or MUSL,  to  provide  the first  ever  multi-vendor,  multi-state
wide-area progressive solution for video lottery.

Some of these contracts are still being negotiated. However, I can tell you that
the total  revenue  impact of the ones that we have signed will be  somewhere in
the  neighborhood  of $320 million  dollars over the lifetime of the  contracts.
Approximately 75 percent of that is in the form of recurring service revenues.

We also made some operational moves last quarter that were designed to ensure we
meet our commitment to create long-term sustainable value for our shareholders.

As many of you know, GTECH has had an ongoing  efficiency-improvement program in
place for the last four  years or so.  Having  this  program  has  enabled us to
address business challenges  proactively,  from a position of strength,  thereby
minimizing the downside of the inevitable  fluctuations in our business. We have
been  successful  in reducing the cost of deploying and  maintaining  Enterprise
Series, which has created substantial savings and made GTECH more competitive.

At the same time,  we have had to deal with the unusual  situation of having our
assets frozen and 30 percent of our revenues withheld in Brazil since July. As a
result of these actions by the Brazilian courts, we have intensified our efforts
to further  streamline our operations and reduce expenses.  The costs associated
with these efforts were absorbed primarily in the third quarter.

While these actions put some pressure on our financial performance,  we chose to
act now --- from our current  position of strength  --- to  streamline  our cost
structure,  and rebalance  investments in order to ensure  continued growth over
the long-term.  These actions will assist us in achieving our long-term goals by
creating the flexibility to invest further in our growth initiatives.

During  the  third  quarter,  we also  took  steps  to  strengthen  our  capital
structure.  We set up a new credit facility that increases our available  credit
from $300  million  to $500  million  dollars.  Led by the Bank of  America  and
Calyon,  the new credit  facility  gives us access to a greater  pool of capital
while lowering the cost of borrowing. In a related move, we launched an offering
of $300 million dollars worth of senior notes. We intend to use the proceeds for
general  corporate  purposes,  which  may  include  future  acquisitions  as yet
unplanned.  While there will be a nominal  negative  carry  associated  with the
senior  notes,  we  believe it was a good,  long-term  action for us. It lets us
achieve  substantial  financial  flexibility  to execute  our  growth  strategy,
locking us into historically low rates.

Today, our total immediate investment capacity exceeds $800 million dollars.


Slide #5:
- ---------

We also  continued  to  return  cash to our  shareholders.  In  addition  to our
quarterly  dividend  payment,   our  Board  of  Directors  increased  our  share
repurchase  program by $100  million  dollars.  That is in  addition to the $100
million  authorized by the Board back in May. On a year-to-date  basis,  we have
repurchased  approximately  4.4  million  shares of stock  and we have  returned
approximately  $130 million dollars to shareholders so far this year,  including
dividends.


Slide #6:
- ---------

We were also active on the acquisition front in the third quarter.

Early in the quarter,  our Polcard  subsidiary  acquired  BillBird,  the leading
provider  of  electronic  bill  payments  in Poland,  with over 2,000  points of
access.  This  transaction  has made  GTECH the  commercial  services  leader in
Poland.  We intend to build upon this  position as we expand our efforts in that
region.

And about two weeks ago, we entered into an agreement with  Gauselmann  Group of
Germany to purchase a 50 percent  controlling  equity  interest in Atronic - the
leading video slot machine  manufacturer in Europe,  Russia,  and Latin America.
Atronic also has a solid market presence here in the U.S.

This  transaction  marks a major step  forward in our  Gaming  Solutions  growth
strategy.  It creates one of the world's leading gaming equipment,  systems, and
services company with a truly international footprint.

We have noted before that the  government-sponsored  and commercial  segments of
the  gaming  market  are  converging,  and this  acquisition  is in many  ways a
response to that  convergence and the  opportunities  it presents.  Accordingly,
video gaming has become an expanding component of GTECH's growth strategy.

Atronic  dramatically  broadens  our   government-sponsored   game  and  systems
offerings,  bringing a new library of games,  as well as commercial  casinos and
central monitoring system applications and services. In doing so, it complements
our  earlier  acquisition  of  Spielo,  which  is  particularly  strong  in  the
government-sponsored segment of the market.

The benefits of Atronic to GTECH are many. As a company with a large and diverse
customer base around the world, it strengthens our  international  presence.  As
one of the leading game developers in the industry,  it greatly expands our game
offerings. Atronic also provides a large licensing presence and a well-developed
and successful casino sales and distribution  organization,  which GTECH has not
had. And with a very active and progressive R&D  organization,  Atronic gives us
access to a growing number of innovative products and technologies.

Above all, Atronic has a strong management team and a highly-skilled  workforce.
We look  forward to working with them.  In  particular,  we are  delighted to be
partnering with Paul and Michael Gauselmann, who together have built the largest
gaming machine supplier in Europe and the second largest in the world.

Because of the time  required to go through  the  licensing  process  around the
world, the deal will not be completed until December 31st of 2006.  However,  we
are already pursuing cross-licensing opportunities that will benefit both Spielo
and Atronic in the meantime.

As I indicated  earlier in my remarks about our capital  structure,  GTECH still
has ample capital to pursue additional acquisitions in all three of our vertical
markets, should any other promising opportunities arise.

Finally,  I would like to provide an update on Brazil.  On November 30th,  Caixa
announced  that it will issue four RFPs on December 22nd of this year.  The RFPs
will include: 25,000 terminals,  communications  networks,  consumables (such as
tickets), and the storage and distribution of those consumables. As part of this
process, Caixa has indicated its desire to take its lottery operations in-house.

GTECH is currently in negotiations  with Caixa to extend our existing  contract,
or  establish  a new  one,  which  may  include  selective  systems  integration
activity. We are also evaluating other possibilities as this situation unfolds.

On the legal front, the Brazilian  federal police concluded their  investigation
last week with the request for  indictments  against  Waldomiro  Diniz, a former
aide to the Presidential  Chief of Staff,  political  consultant Rogerio Buratti
and  journalist  Mino Pedrosa.  Misters Diniz and Buratti are being charged with
attempted extortion, Mr. Pedrosa is being charged with perjury.

The federal police  investigator  did not recommend  charges against current and
former  officers of GTECH or Caixa.  In fact,  the chief of police that presided
over the  investigation  stated that with regard to GTECH,  all information that
was provided was confirmed.

We are pleased that a professionally led investigation,  away from the pressures
of  outside  parties,  has  concluded  what we have  known for some  time.  In a
difficult  situation,  GTECH's former  employees acted  appropriately.  While we
still have  residual  commercial  issues  remaining  in  Brazil,  and the SEC is
conducting  an  independent   review,  the  conclusion  of  the  federal  police
investigation  is an  important  milestone in the  ultimate  resolution  of this
matter.  I wish to thank our  shareholders for their patience and trust while we
methodically worked past this challenge.

I am also  pleased to say that the  situation in Brazil has had no impact on our
business.  Since the issue first surfaced in February,  we have won twenty-eight
contracts  or  extensions  around  the globe  worth in  excess  of $580  million
dollars.  We have raised significant capital at attractive prices --- our recent
senior note offering was  over-subscribed by a factor of 4 --- we have closed on
our initial  commercial  gaming  solutions  acquisition  with Spielo and we have
negotiated a significant follow-on transaction with Atronic.

Our commitment to drive value for our shareholders  have never wavered,  despite
the unexpected adversity and today, as we look ahead to the final quarter of our
fiscal year, GTECH remains on track to achieve its goals and objectives.

As for fiscal year 2006 ... based on our preliminary  outlook, we expect another
year of solid financial performance.  We expect total revenues in the range $1.3
- - $1.35 billion and earnings per share in the range of $1.53 - $1.58.

Our successes  throughout  this year,  combined  with our ongoing  commitment to
improving  efficiencies,  our increased financial  flexibility,  and the prudent
investment of  shareholder  capital have  positioned us for continued  long-term
success. With regard to future opportunities,  we see a target-rich environment;
we have the ammunition  necessary to strike quickly and our strategic  vision is
quite clear.

And with that, I would like to turn the proceedings over to Jaymin.


Closing Remarks

[AFTER Q&A]

If there are no further  questions,  let me briefly  summarize  our call  today.
GTECH had a solidly  productive third quarter with a number of new-business wins
and two key  acquisitions  in  Commercial  Services  and Gaming  Solutions.  Our
outlook for the fourth quarter  remains  positive,  and we are excited about the
opportunities for continued success and new growth in fiscal 2006.

On  behalf  of  everyone  at  GTECH,  I would  like to wish  all of you and your
families a wonderful  holiday  season and a happy,  healthy and  prosperous  New
Year.

Thank you again for joining us today.



<PAGE>


                                                  GTECH
                                 FY'05 Q3 Earnings Conference Call Script
                                           Final- Dec. 21, 2004


Jaymin: Thank you Bruce.  Good morning, everyone.


Slide #7:
- ---------

I would like to start by reviewing GTECH's third-quarter performance.

Service revenues  increased  approximately  twenty-one million dollars ($21M) or
approximately  nine  percent  (9%) in the third  quarter,  driven by a number of
factors.

Starting with lottery service revenues,  we enjoyed significant strength in same
store sales in the United States,  with an increase of approximately seven point
five percent (7.5%).  This healthy  increase in same store sales continues to be
driven by new games  such as  Rolling  Cash Five in Ohio,  Instant  Match in New
Jersey and Fantasy 5 in Michigan, as well as new ITVM's in Washington State.

We also  benefited  from the launch of the  Tennessee  service  contract and the
impact of the Interlott acquisition.  This was partially offset by lower jackpot
activity and contractual rate changes.

In  aggregate,  domestic  service  revenues  increased  six percent  (6%) to one
hundred and twenty-seven million dollars ($127M).

International  same store lottery sales grew approximately two percent (2%) on a
constant currency basis.  Factoring in higher jackpot activity and the impact of
favorable  foreign exchange rates,  partially offset by the thirty percent (30%)
holdback  in  Brazil,  our  international  lottery  service  revenues  increased
approximately ten percent (10%), to ninety-four million dollars ($94M).

Total service  revenues  included  approximately  seven million dollars ($7M) of
service  revenue from gaming  solutions,  an increase of three  million  dollars
($3M) over the same  period  last year.  This was driven by the  addition of new
video  lottery  terminals and  contractual  rate changes in Rhode Island and the
acquisition of Spielo.

We also recorded  approximately  twenty-two  million  dollars  ($22M) of service
revenue from commercial  transaction  processing,  reflecting a six percent (6%)
increase  over the  third  quarter  of last  year.  This was  driven by a twelve
percent  (12%)  increase  in same store  sales  coupled  with the benefit of the
BillBird  acquisition and favorable  foreign  exchange rates,  again,  partially
offset by the thirty percent (30%) withholding of revenues in Brazil.


Slide #8:
- ---------

Product  sales in the third  quarter were  sixty-four  million  dollars  ($64M),
driven by equipment sales to Belgium and Spain ONCE. Gross profits  increased by
approximately    six   million    dollars    ($6M)   or   five    percent   (5%)
quarter-over-quarter.

Service  gross profit  margins were  approximately  thirty-eight  percent  (38%)
reflecting  higher  depreciation  and  amortization  quarter over  quarter,  the
holdback  in  Brazil  and  the  impact  of  our  ongoing  value  assessment  and
efficiency-improvement initiatives.

Product margins were lower than anticipated at approximately  thirty-one percent
(31%). This was primarily due to the product mix.

Operating  expenses  for the  quarter  were  approximately  forty-three  million
dollars ($43M), or thirteen point five percent (13.5%) of total revenue.

The  slight  quarter  over  quarter  increase  in  SG&A  is  largely  due to the
consolidation of acquisitions.

The strength of our service  revenues  combined with higher  product sales drove
operating  income  growth of  approximately  four million  dollars  ($4M) or six
percent (6%).

During  the  quarter,  we  absorbed  over five  million  dollars  ($5M) of costs
associated  with our ongoing  efforts to optimize our business.  Excluding these
costs,  operating  income grew nine million  dollars  ($9M) or thirteen  percent
(13%).

Below operating  income,  other income and expense declined by approximately six
million  dollars ($6M).  This is largely due to the gain recognized in the third
quarter  of last year for the  consolidation  of the  partnership  that owns our
corporate  headquarters in West Greenwich,  RI. This, of course, was a one-time,
non-cash gain that did not repeat in the third quarter of this year.

Interest  expense also  increased  slightly over the third quarter of last year,
reflecting higher average debt balances quarter-over-quarter.

As reported,  net income and fully diluted earnings per share were comparable to
the same period last year and in-line with our expectations.

Excluding the one-time, pre-tax gain recorded in the third quarter of last year,
net income increased  approximately  eight percent (8%) and diluted earnings per
share increased nine percent (9%) quarter-over-quarter.

Slide #9: During the quarter,  we generated  approximately one hundred and seven
million   dollars  ($107M)  in  cash  flows  from   operations.   This  financed
approximately eighty-eight million dollars ($88M) of investments,  including the
acquisition of BillBird.

Also in the  quarter,  we  repurchased  approximately  seven  hundred  and sixty
thousand  shares  (760K)  of  GTECH  stock  at a  total  cost  of  approximately
eighteen-million dollars ($18M).

At the end of the quarter,  we had cash balances of approximately  three hundred
and ten million dollars  ($310M).  This includes the net proceeds from the three
hundred  million  dollars  ($300M) of Senior Notes we issued in November,  at an
average coupon of four point eight seven five percent (4.875%).

Slide #10: Now, let's turn to GTECH's performance on a year to date basis.

Service  revenues for the nine months ended November 27th were up  approximately
sixty-one  million  dollars  ($61M) or nine percent (9%) over the same period of
fiscal  year  2004.  This was  driven by a number of  factors  including  strong
increases in same store sales  around the world,  new  contracts,  the impact of
acquisitions  and more favorable  exchange  rates.  These factors were partially
offset by contractual rate changes and the holdback in Brazil.

At  the  end  of the  third  quarter,  the  total  amount  held  in  escrow  was
approximately   forty  three  million  real   (BRR43M),   which   translates  to
approximately fifteen million dollars ($15M) at current exchange rates.

Product sales were higher by eighty-seven  million dollars ($87M) or one hundred
and ten percent (110%) in the first nine months of this year.


Slide #11:
- ----------

Year-to-date, we recorded three hundred and ninety-seven million dollars ($397M)
in revenue from our US lottery  group --- four hundred and four million  dollars
($404M) from the  international  lottery group --- fifty-four  million ($54M) in
gaming  solutions --- and  sixty-four  million  dollars ($64M) in commercial and
other services.

The four percent (4%) increase in operating  expenses  year-over-year was driven
by the consolidation of acquisitions.


Slide  #12:
- -----------

In the first nine months of the fiscal  year,  we  generated  approximately  two
hundred and seventy-eight million dollars ($278M) in cash from operations.

This,  together with cash on hand,  funded  investing  activity  totaling  three
hundred and ninety million dollars ($390M),  including approximately one hundred
and three million dollars ($103M) of maintenance capital,  seventy-eight million
dollars ($78M) of growth capital for  opportunities  within our core  businesses
and approximately two hundred and nine million dollars ($209M) in acquisitions.


Slide #13:
- ----------

Average  capital  employed  grew by over three hundred and  eighty-five  million
dollars ($385M),  or forty-one  percent (41%),  year-over-year  and we generated
returns on capital employed of sixteen point one percent (16.1%). In view of the
pace of capital investment, we are pleased to have been able to maintain returns
on the overall portfolio  significantly higher than our weighted average cost of
capital.

It is  important  to note  that in the  nine-months  ending  November  2003  and
November 2004, we had cash balances resulting from debt offerings. If we were to
exclude  this cash from the  calculations,  return on capital  employed for both
periods would have been more than three hundred basis points (300bps) higher.

Again,  our  calculation  of Return  on  Capital  Employed  is  provided  in the
Supplemental Financial Data File posted on our website.

Those are the key financial  highlights  of our third quarter and  year-to-date.
Now I would like to turn our  attention  to the  outlook  for the  remainder  of
fiscal year 2005.


Slide #14:
- ----------

Based upon the strength of our performance year-to-date,  we remain confident in
our ability to deliver  results in line with the full year  guidance we provided
on our  second  quarter  conference  call  in  September,  while  absorbing  the
incremental interest expense resulting from the recent debt issuance.

Based upon our current  outlook,  we continue to expect total revenue  growth of
approximately  nineteen percent (19%),  with service revenue growth in the range
of six to seven percent (6% - 7%).

We expect product sales in the range of two hundred and forty to two hundred and
fifty million dollars ($240M - $250M).  This is higher than our previous outlook
due to the timing of certain  large  product  sales  previously  expected  to be
recorded in fiscal '06.

We expect  service  margins of  approximately  forty  percent  (40%) and product
margins in the range of thirty-four to thirty-six percent (34% to 36%).

With respect to our tax rate, we continue to believe that the effective tax rate
for this fiscal year will be approximately  thirty-six percent (36%). Based upon
this outlook, we believe that diluted earnings per share will be in the range of
one dollar and  forty-six  cents to one dollar and  forty-eight  cents ($1.46 to
$1.48) per share for fiscal year 2005,  assuming a fully  diluted share count of
one hundred and thirty-two point seven million (132.7M) shares.

Once again, this full year estimate includes the impact of the net one-time gain
recorded in the first quarter.

In fiscal year 2005, we plan to invest between five hundred and five hundred and
ten  million  dollars  ($500M - $510M),  including  the  acquisitions  completed
year-to-date. This investing activity will be funded by cash from operations and
existing cash balances.


Slide #15:
- ----------

Now let's look at the outlook for our fourth quarter,  which ends February 26th,
2005.

We expect service  revenues to be comparable to the fourth quarter of last year,
due to the following  factors:

     o    First,  the fourth  quarter of last year had one extra week - an event
          that  occurs  every  five to six years (5 - 6 years).  This extra week
          accounted for approximately fourteen million dollars ($14M) of service
          revenues.

     o    Excluding  the extra  week,  we expect  service  revenues  to increase
          approximately  five percent (5%), driven by continued strength in same
          store  sales,  the  impact of new  contracts  including  the launch of
          Florida in January, and the impact of acquisitions.

     o    This will be partially offset by lower jackpot activity. In the fourth
          quarter of last year,  we had the benefit of several  large  jackpots,
          with a total  cumulative  jackpot  pool in  excess  of  eight  hundred
          million  ($800M)  dollars.  This compares to a forecast of one jackpot
          totaling one hundred and fifty million  dollars  ($150M) in the fourth
          quarter of this year,  which is  consistent  with our normal  planning
          practices.

     o    This outlook also  reflects the impact of the Brazil hold back,  which
          will be approximately eight to ten million dollars ($8M - $10M) in the
          quarter.

We expect  product sales in the range of  seventy-five  to  eighty-five  million
dollars ($75M - $85M).

We expect  service  margins of  approximately  forty percent (40%) and we expect
product margins in the range of twenty-eight to thirty percent (28% to 30%).

Our fourth  quarter  forecast  includes costs relating to our plan to accelerate
our  licensing  efforts,  in line with our  recently  announced  acquisition  of
Atronic.

We expect  interest  expense to be  approximately  three  million  dollars ($3M)
higher  than the fourth  quarter  of last year,  due to the impact of the senior
notes  issued in  November.  This will be  partially  offset by higher  interest
income.

Based  upon this  outlook,  we expect  earnings  per share to be in the range of
thirty-one to thirty-three ($0.31 to $0.33) per share on a fully diluted basis.


Slide #16:
- ----------

Whilst we are still in the  planning  process,  and the  outlook  is in the very
early stages of development, I would like to offer some preliminary guidance for
fiscal year 2006.

We expect  service  revenues to grow in the range of seven to nine percent (7% -
9%), based on the following drivers:

o        Same store sales growth of five to six percent (5% - 6%),

o        The net effect of contract wins and contractual rate changes, and

o        The impact of the recently completed acquisitions.

For planning purposes, we have made the following assumptions for Brazil:

                    o    First,  we have  assumed  that the Company  with either
                         enter into an extension or sign a new contract with the
                         Caixa that will extend to the end of our fiscal year.

                    o    Based on that assumption,  we have forecast a full year
                         of revenues  from Brazil,  with a ramp-down of revenues
                         beginning   in   December   of  2005,   driven  by  the
                         de-installation of terminals.

                    o    We have also  assumed  that the  thirty  percent  (30%)
                         revenue withholding continues.

                    o    Finally,  we have assumed an average  exchange  rate of
                         approximately  three  real to the  dollar  (BZ 3.0) for
                         next fiscal year. This compares to the current exchange
                         rate of two point  seven  eight  (BZ 2.78)  real to the
                         dollar and an  average  rate of three real (BZ 3.0) for
                         the current fiscal year.

We currently expect US Dollar revenues from Brazil to be approximately ninety to
ninety-five  million  dollars  ($90M to $95M)  this  fiscal  year and  eighty to
eight-five million dollars ($80M - $85M) next fiscal year.

With respect to the  acquisitions,  we have assumed a full year of revenues from
Spielo, LILHCo. and Billbird.

The preliminary  outlook  currently  indicates product sales in the range of two
hundred and fifteen to two hundred and  thirty-five  million  dollars  ($215M to
$235M) next fiscal year.

With regard to margins,  we expect to maintain  service margins of approximately
forty  percent  (40%),  despite a  year-over-year  increase in  depreciation  of
approximately thirty million dollar ($30M) in cost of services.

We expect product margins in the range of  thirty-seven  to thirty-nine  percent
(37% to 39%), which is somewhat higher than the outlook for this fiscal year due
to product mix.

We  currently  expect  operating  expenses  to be in the  range of  fourteen  to
fourteen  point  five  percent  (14% to 14.5%) of total  revenue.  This  outlook
includes  increased  investments in Gaming  Solutions,  including the pursuit of
commercial gaming licenses and new business development activities.

We expect the full year tax rate to be approximately thirty-five percent (35%).

Based on our expected  operating  performance,  we believe that diluted earnings
per share will be in the range of one dollar and fifty-three cents to one dollar
and fifty-eight cents ($1.53 to $1.58) for fiscal year 2006.

This guidance does not reflect the adoption of FASB 123R,  share-based  payment,
which requires companies to expense stock options.  We expect the impact of this
new  accounting  mandate to be  approximately  two cents per share  ($0.02)  per
quarter.


Slide #17:
- ----------

In fiscal  year 2006,  we plan to invest  between two hundred and twenty and two
hundred and forty million  dollars ($220M - $240M) in new contract  assets,  and
growth  opportunities.  Approximately  half  will  be  for  maintenance  capital
requirements within the core business and the balance will be invested in growth
opportunities.

Given this  investment  outlook,  we expect to  generate  free cash flows in the
range of one hundred and fifty to two hundred  million dollars ($150M to $200M),
prior to financing any acquisitions.

That is our  preliminary  guidance for fiscal 2006 as it now stands.  In keeping
with our disclosure  policy, we will provide first quarter guidance as well as a
full year update on our year-end conference call,  currently scheduled for April
14, 2005.


Slide #18:
- ----------

To summarize ... we are pleased with the continued  strength of our business and
excited  about  the  future.  At this  stage  of the  planning  process,  we are
comfortable  that the  outlook for fiscal '06 is shaping up well - - - giving us
confidence  that we remain on track in terms  achieving our long-term  goals for
growth, profitability and value creation for our shareholders.

Now Bruce and I will be happy to take your questions.

