-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 JmkJR/yg0j5Ed6NepNSU3XJeQX7G38paGav7lPBUekGZxDQ7xa/1+KMuPP3Z/mpD
 oBY11Vzddug4AGUX47zUKg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001019687-04-002955.txt : 20041230
<SEC-HEADER>0001019687-04-002955.hdr.sgml : 20041230
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041230170508
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001019687-04-002955
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041223
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041230
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041230

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TELENETICS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000810018
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH APPARATUS [3661]
		IRS NUMBER:				330061894
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-16580
		FILM NUMBER:		041234681

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		39 PARKER
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9494554000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		39 PARKER
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>telenetics_8k-122304.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT
                       PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                       THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) DECEMBER 23, 2004
                                                        ------------------------

                             TELENETICS CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

           CALIFORNIA                 000-16580                 33-0061894
- ----------------------------          ---------                 ----------
(State or other jurisdiction         (Commission               (IRS Employer
      of incorporation)              File Number)            Identification No.)

                       39 PARKER, IRVINE, CALIFORNIA 92618
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
               (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code            (949) 455-4000
                                                  ------------------------------

                                 NOT APPLICABLE
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

     Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (SEE General Instruction A.2. below):

     |_| Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
(17 CFR 230.425)

     |_| Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14a-12)

     |_| Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

     |_| Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


<PAGE>

ITEM 1.01.  ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT.

         On December 23, 2004, 18 accredited investors ("Investors") purchased
from Telenetics Corporation an aggregate of 15,285,715 shares of Telenetics
common stock at a price of $0.07 per share in a private placement transaction
pursuant to the terms of a Common Stock Purchase Agreement and a Registration
Rights Agreement. The Investors included Gary Arnold, the Chairman of the Board
of Telenetics; William Kosoff, a director and Vice President of Sales of
Telenetics; Michael N. Taglich, the former Chairman of the Board of Telenetics
and a 5% owner of Telenetics common stock; Barry G. Patton, an officer of Data
Connect Enterprise, Inc., which is a major distributor of Telenetics products;
John G. Funk, who is an executive officer of Skyline Exhibits, a company that
has supplied trade show booths to Telenetics; and Meadowbrook Opportunity Fund
LLC, an entity that became a 5% owner of Telenetics common stock upon the
closing of the offering.

         Taglich Brothers, Inc., an NASD-registered broker-dealer, acted as
placement agent in connection with the offering. Michael N. Taglich is an
executive officer, principal and director of Taglich Brothers. Also, Robert
Schroeder, one of Telenetics' current directors, is employed by Taglich
Brothers. Telenetics paid to Taglich Brothers cash placement agent fees equal to
$90,000 and issued to Taglich Brothers, Inc. five-year placement warrants to
purchase an aggregate of 1,428,571 shares of Telenetics common stock at an
exercise price of $0.125 per share, which price was 125% of the closing sale
price of Telenetics common Stock on the closing date. In addition, Telenetics
agreed to reimburse Taglich Brothers for its actual and reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with the offering, which expenses are
anticipated to be less than $1,000. Taglich Brothers expects to allocate the
placement warrants among its employees, including Michael N. Taglich (as to
266,785) and Robert Schroeder (as to 300,000). The placement warrants contain a
"net exercise" cashless exercise feature that will become available December 23,
2006.

         Telenetics has agreed to indemnify Taglich Brothers in connection with
statements or omissions in the offering documents. Taglich Brothers has agreed
to indemnify Telenetics in connection with any breach or falsity of any of
Taglich Brothers' representations or warrants or otherwise arising out of the
bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of Taglich Brothers. In
addition, the Registration Rights Agreement contains mutual indemnification
provisions relating to the registration statement described below.

         Telenetics has agreed to register for resale the shares of common stock
issued to the Investors and the shares of common stock underlying the placement
warrants. The registration statement must be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission by April 30, 2005 and declared effective no later than June
30, 2005. If Telenetics fails to meet these registration obligations or to
maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement as required under the
terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, then Telenetics will be obligated to
make certain cash liquidated damage payments to the Investors and to reduce the
exercise price of the placement warrants as generally described below.

         If the registration statement is not filed on or prior to April 30,
2005, then for each 30-day period, or any part thereof, that elapses beyond that
date and before the registration statement is filed, Telenetics will pay a cash
liquidated damages payment to each Investor in an amount equal to 3% of the
purchase price paid by the Investor and, as liquidated damages, reduce the
exercise price of each placement warrant by 3% of the initial exercise price. If
the registration statement is not declared effective on or before June 30, 2005,
then for each 30-day period, or any part thereof, that elapses beyond June 30,
2005 and before the registration statement is declared effective, Telenetics
will pay a cash liquidated damages payment to each Investor in an amount equal
to 2% of the purchase price paid by the Investor and, as liquidated damages,
reduce the exercise price of each placement warrant by an amount equal to 2% of
the initial exercise price of the placement warrant. If Telenetics is unable to
keep the registration statement continuously effective to the extent required,
then similar monthly cash payments of 2% to Investors and placement agent
exercise price reductions of 2% will be required for shares then held by
Investors and placement warrants then outstanding. The maximum aggregate cash
liquidated damages payment and/or the maximum aggregate liquidated damages
placement warrant exercise price reduction is 36%.

ITEM 3.02.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

         As described in Item 1.01 of this Form 8-K, Telenetics issued shares of
common stock and placement warrants in connection with the private placement
transaction on December 23, 2004. The disclosures in Item 1.01 are incorporated
herein by reference.

         Exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act of
1933 for the transaction described above is claimed under Section 4(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, among others, on the basis that such transaction did not
involve any public offering and the purchasers were accredited and had access to
the kind of information registration would provide. Appropriate investment
representations were obtained, and the securities were issued with restricted
securities legends.

                                       2


<PAGE>

ITEM 9.01.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.

         (a) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF BUSINESSES ACQUIRED.

         Not applicable.

         (b) PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION.

         Not applicable.

         (c) EXHIBITS.

        NUMBER                DESCRIPTION
        ------                -----------

         10.1     Form of Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated December 23,
                  2004 between Telenetics Corporation and the subscribers listed
                  on an attachment thereto

         10.2     Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated December 23, 2004
                  between Telenetics Corporation and the subscribers who are
                  parties to the Common Stock Purchase Agreement listed as
                  Exhibit 10.1

         10.3     Placement Warrant to purchase up to 1,428,571 shares of common
                  stock, issued by Telenetics Corporation on December 23, 2004
                  in favor of Taglich Brothers, Inc.

                                       3





<PAGE>

                                    SIGNATURE

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:  December 30, 2004                  TELENETICS CORPORATION

                                          By:  /S/ DAVID L. STONE
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              David L. Stone, Chief Financial
                                                Officer

                                       4





<PAGE>

                 EXHIBITS ATTACHED TO THIS REPORT ON FORM 8-K

        NUMBER                DESCRIPTION
        ------                -----------

         10.1     Form of Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated December 23,
                  2004 between Telenetics Corporation and the subscribers listed
                  on an attachment thereto

         10.2     Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated December 23, 2004
                  between Telenetics Corporation and the subscribers who are
                  parties to the Common Stock Purchase Agreement listed as
                  Exhibit 10.1

         10.3     Placement Warrant to purchase up to 1,428,571 shares of common
                  stock, issued by Telenetics Corporation on December 23, 2004
                  in favor of Taglich Brothers, Inc.

                                       5




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>telenetics_8kex10-1.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.1

                         COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

         THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this "AGREEMENT") is made by and
between TELENETICS CORPORATION, a California corporation, with its address at 39
Parker, Irvine, California 92618 (the "COMPANY"), and the undersigned (the
"SUBSCRIBER"), effective as of the date this Agreement is accepted by the
Company.

                                 R E C I T A L S
                                 ---------------

         A. The Company is offering (the "OFFERING") up to 15,285,715 shares of
the Company's common stock, no par value per share (the "COMMON STOCK"),
pursuant to the Company's Confidential Private Placement Memorandum dated
December 15, 2004, as amended or supplemented (the "MEMORANDUM").

         B. Subscriber desires to acquire shares of Common Stock in the amount
set forth on the signature page hereof.

         NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and the mutual
covenants hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows:

         1.       SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR SECURITIES AND REPRESENTATIONS BY
                  SUBSCRIBER.

                  (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the
Subscriber hereby subscribes for and agrees to purchase from the Company shares
of the Company's Common Stock in an amount aggregating the Purchase Price (as
set forth on the signature page hereof) and the Company agrees to sell such
shares of Common Stock to the Subscriber for the Purchase Price, subject to the
Company's right to sell to the Subscriber such lesser amount as it may, in its
sole discretion, deem necessary or desirable. The Purchase Price is payable by
wire transfer or by check, subject to collection, as set forth in the
Subscription Documents Booklet of which this Agreement is a part. The price per
share of Common Stock is $0.07.

                  (b) The Subscriber recognizes that the purchase of the shares
of Common Stock involves a high degree of risk in that (i) a limited public
market exists for the shares of Common Stock; (ii) the shares of Common Stock
have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
("SECURITIES ACT"), and the Company has no obligation to register the shares of
Common Stock, except as described in SECTION 3 below and in the Registration
Rights Agreement attached hereto as EXHIBIT A; (iii) an investment in the shares
of Common Stock is highly speculative and only investors who can afford the loss
of their entire investment should consider investing in the Company and the
shares of Common Stock; (iv) the Subscriber may not be able to liquidate the
Subscriber's investment; and (v) the Subscriber could sustain the loss of the
Subscriber's entire investment. Such risks are more fully set forth in the
Memorandum and the attachments thereto and documents incorporated by reference
thereto.

                  (c) The Offering shall continue for a period commencing on the
date of the Memorandum and ending on the date set forth in the Memorandum.

                  (d) The Subscriber represents as follows:

                           (i) The Subscriber represents that the Subscriber is
         an Accredited Investor (as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D
         promulgated under the Securities Act) as indicated by the Subscriber's
         responses to the Subscriber Questionnaire, a copy of which is included
         in the Subscription Documents Booklet, and that the Subscriber is able
         to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Shares.

                                      -1-





<PAGE>

                           (ii) The Subscriber acknowledges that the Subscriber
         has significant prior investment experience, including investment in
         non-registered securities. The Subscriber recognizes the highly
         speculative nature of this investment. The Subscriber acknowledges that
         the Subscriber has carefully read the Memorandum, including but not
         limited to, the Exhibits to the Memorandum which are incorporated by
         reference into the Memorandum, and fully understands the contents
         thereof.

                           (iii) The Subscriber hereby acknowledges that this
         Offering and the Memorandum have not been reviewed by the United States
         Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") or by any state securities
         regulator because it is intended to be a non-public offering pursuant
         to Sections 3(a), 4(2) and 4(6) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of
         Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The Subscriber represents that the
         shares of Common Stock are being purchased for the Subscriber's own
         account, for investment purposes only and not for distribution or
         resale to others. The Subscriber agrees that the Subscriber will not
         sell or otherwise transfer the shares of Common Stock unless they are
         registered under the Securities Act or unless an exemption from such
         registration is available.

                           (iv) The Subscriber understands that the shares of
         Common Stock have not been registered under the Securities Act by
         reason of a claimed exemption under the provisions of the Securities
         Act which depends, in part, upon the Subscriber's investment intention.
         In this connection, the Subscriber understands that it is the position
         of the SEC that the statutory basis for such exemption would not be
         present if the Subscriber's representation merely meant that the
         Subscriber's present intention was to hold the shares of Common Stock
         for a short period, such as the capital gains period of tax statutes,
         for a deferred sale, for a market rise, assuming that a market exists
         or develops, or for any other fixed period. The Subscriber realizes
         that, in the view of the SEC's position, a purchase now with an intent
         to resell after a pre-determined amount of time would represent a
         purchase with an intent inconsistent with the Subscriber's
         representation to the Company, and the SEC might regard such a sale or
         disposition as a deferred sale to which such exemptions are not
         available.

                           (v) The Subscriber understands that Rule 144 (the
         "RULE") promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act requires, among
         other conditions, a one year holding period prior to the resale (in
         limited amounts) of securities acquired in a non-public offering
         without having to satisfy the registration requirements under the
         Securities Act. The Subscriber understands and hereby acknowledges that
         the Company is the only entity that can register the shares of Common
         Stock under the Securities Act and that the Company is under no
         obligation to register the shares of Common Stock under the Securities
         Act, with the exception of certain registration rights described in
         SECTION 3 below and as set forth in EXHIBIT A attached hereto and made
         a part hereof. The Subscriber acknowledges that the Company may, if it
         desires, permit the transfer of shares of Common Stock out of the
         Subscriber's name only when the Subscriber's request for transfer is
         accompanied by an opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the
         Company that neither the sale nor the proposed transfer results in a
         violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state "blue sky" laws
         and subject to the provisions of SECTION 1(d)(vi) hereof.

                                      -2-





<PAGE>

                           (vi) The Subscriber consents to the placement of a
         legend on any certificate or other document evidencing the shares of
         Common Stock stating that they have not been registered under the
         Securities Act and under applicable state securities laws and setting
         forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and sale
         thereof.

                           (vii) The Subscriber understands that the Company
         will review this Agreement; and it is further agreed that the Company
         reserves the unrestricted right to reject or limit any subscription and
         to close or extend the Offering at any time.

                           (viii) The Subscriber hereby represents that the
         address of the Subscriber furnished by the Subscriber in the Subscriber
         Questionnaire is the Subscriber's principal residence, if the
         Subscriber is an individual, or its principal business address, if the
         Subscriber is a corporation or other entity.

                           (ix) The Subscriber has had a reasonable opportunity
         to ask questions of and receive answers from the Company concerning the
         Company and the Offering, and all such questions, if any, have been
         answered to the full satisfaction of the Subscriber; and the Company
         shall provide Subscriber with the opportunity to ask additional
         questions of and receive answers from the Company concerning the
         Company during the period which the Subscriber owns the shares of
         Common Stock.

                           (x) The Subscriber has such knowledge and expertise
         in financial and business matters that the Subscriber is capable of
         evaluating the merits and risks involved in an investment in the
         Company and the shares of Common Stock.

                           (xi) The Subscriber has full power and authority to
         execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform the obligations of
         the undersigned hereunder; and this Agreement is a legally binding
         obligation of the Subscriber enforceable in accordance with its terms.

                           (xii) Except as set forth in this Agreement and the
         Memorandum, no representations or warranties have been made to the
         Subscriber by the Company, or any of its agents, employees or
         affiliates, and in entering into this transaction, the Subscriber is
         not relying on any information, other than that contained in the
         Memorandum, the public documents of the Company and the results of an
         independent investigation by the Subscriber.

                           (xiii) The Subscriber agrees that the Subscriber will
         not sell or otherwise transfer the shares of Common Stock unless they
         are registered under the Securities Act and applicable state "blue sky"
         laws or unless an exemption from such registration is available. The
         Subscriber represents that (a) the Subscriber has adequate means of
         providing for the Subscriber's current needs and possible personal
         contingencies, (b) the Subscriber has no need for liquidity in this
         investment, (c) the Subscriber is able to bear the substantial economic
         risk of an investment in the Shares for an indefinite period of time,
         and (d) at the present time the Subscriber could afford a complete loss
         of such investment.

                           (xiv) It is understood that all documents, records
         and books pertaining to this investment have been made available for
         the inspection by the Subscriber's attorney and/or accountant and the
         Subscriber.

         2.       TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION.

                  The Offering of shares of Common Stock is being made on a
"best efforts" basis by the Placement Agent (as defined in the Memorandum) in
the manner more particularly set forth in the Memorandum. If the Company fails
to deliver to the Placement Agent the certificates representing the shares of
Common Stock purchased pursuant to this Agreement on or before the third (3rd)
business day ("Delivery Deadline") following the Closing Date (as defined in the
Memorandum and assuming December 24, 2004 is not a business day), then the

                                      -3-





<PAGE>

Company will be required to pay to the Subscriber on or before the tenth (10th)
day after the Closing Date, as liquidated damages, a cash payment in an amount
equal to two percent (2%) of the Purchase Price of the Subscriber's shares of
Common Stock that were not delivered to the Placement Agent on or before the
Delivery Deadline.

         3.       REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

                  Holders of shares of Common Stock purchased pursuant to this
Agreement shall be afforded certain "demand" and "piggy-back" registration
rights as more particularly described in the Registration Rights Agreement
attached hereto as EXHIBIT A and made a part hereof by this reference.

         4.       MISCELLANEOUS.

                  (a) All notices, consents and other communications under this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i)
when delivered by hand, (ii) one business day after the business day of
transmission if sent by telecopier (with transmission confirmed), provided that
a copy is mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, or (iii) one
business day after the business day of deposit with the carrier, if sent for
next business day delivery by Express Mail, Federal Express or other recognized
express delivery service (receipt requested), in each case addressed to the
Company at the address indicated on the first page of this Agreement marked
"Attention: David L. Stone, Chief Financial Officer" and to the Subscriber at
the Subscriber's address listed in the Subscriber Questionnaire (or to such
other addresses and telecopier numbers as a party may designate as to itself by
notice to the other parties).

                  (b) This Agreement shall not be changed, modified or amended
except by a writing signed by the parties to be charged, and this Agreement may
not be discharged except by performance in accordance with its terms or by a
writing signed by the party to be charged.

                  (c) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the parties hereto and to their respective heirs, legal
representatives, successors and assigns. This Agreement sets forth the entire
agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter thereof
and merges and supersedes all prior discussions, agreements and understandings
of any and every nature among them.

                  (d) Notwithstanding the place where this Agreement may be
executed by any of the parties hereto, the parties expressly agree that all the
terms and provisions hereof shall be construed in accordance with and governed
by the laws of the State of California. The parties hereby agree that any
dispute which may arise between them arising out of or in connection with this
Agreement shall be adjudicated before a court located in California and they
hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of
California and of the federal courts in California with respect to any action or
legal proceeding commenced by any party, and irrevocably waive any objection
they now or hereafter may have respecting the venue of any such action or
proceeding brought in such a court or respecting the fact that such court is an
inconvenient forum, relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any acts or
omissions relating to the sale of the securities hereunder, and consent to the
service of process in any such action or legal proceeding by means of registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, in case of the address set forth in
this Agreement for notices or such other address as the undersigned shall
furnish in writing to the other.

                                      -4-





<PAGE>

                  (e) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts. Upon the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Subscriber, this Agreement shall
become a binding obligation of the Subscriber with respect to the purchase of
the shares of Common Stock as herein provided; subject, however, to the right
hereby reserved to the Company to enter into the same agreements with other
subscribers and to add and/or to delete other persons as subscribers.

                  (f) The holding of any provision of this Agreement to be
invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction shall not affect
any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and
effect.

                  (g) It is agreed that a waiver by either party of a breach of
any provision of this Agreement shall not operate, or be construed, as a waiver
of any subsequent breach by that same party.

                  (h) The parties agree to execute and deliver all such further
documents, agreements and instruments and take such other and further action as
may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes and intent of this
Agreement.

                            (signature pages follow)

                                      -5-


<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement effective
as of the date indicated below as the date the subscription is accepted by the
Company.

                          TO BE COMPLETED BY SUBSCRIBER

INDIVIDUALS:                              ENTITIES:

- -----------------------------------       --------------------------------------
Print Name                                Print Name of Subscriber

- -----------------------------------       --------------------------------------
Signature                                 Authorized Signature

- -----------------------------------       --------------------------------------
Signature (if Joint Tenants               Print Name of Signatory and
or Tenants in Common)                     Capacity in which Signed

                   Proposed Investment Amount: $_____________

                         TO BE COMPLETED BY THE COMPANY

         The foregoing subscription is accepted by the Company as to an
aggregate purchase price of $________________ ("Purchase Price") effective as of
December 23, 2004.

                                    TELENETICS CORPORATION,
                                    a California corporation

                                    By:
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                         David L. Stone, Chief Financial Officer

                                      -6-



<PAGE>

                         Attachment to Exhibit 10.1

Subscriber Name                             Common Shares Purchased
- ---------------                             -----------------------

Joseph D. Chamberlain                                      785,714
Howard Farkas                                              500,000
Philip Baroni &  Rachel Baroni Trust DTD 8/1/95            285,714
Brady T. Lipp                                              500,000
Gary Arnold and Patricia Arnold Ten Com                    714,286
Meadowbrook Opportunity Fund LLC                         5,000,000
Emmanuel Metz                                            1,000,000
Kuefenhoef Equity Fund, L.P.                             1,071,429
Michael N. Taglich                                         714,286
Robert F. Taglich                                          714,286
J. Michael Reisert Inc.                                    357,143
Arnold Ventures Fund LP                                  1,492,857
Dennis W. Wilson                                           142,857
Timothy Lee Kistler                                        142,857
D. Ernest Duke                                             714,286
John G. Funk                                               150,000
William C. Kosoff                                          285,714
Barry G. Patton Revocable Trust                            714,286




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>telenetics_8kex10-2.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.2

                          REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

         THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this "AGREEMENT") is made by and
between TELENETICS CORPORATION, a California corporation (the "COMPANY"), and
the undersigned (the "HOLDER") effective as of the date this Agreement is
accepted by the Company.

         This Agreement is being entered into pursuant to the Common Stock
Purchase Agreement dated as of the date hereof between the Company and the
Holder (the "PURCHASE AGREEMENT") or pursuant to a Warrant to Purchase Shares of
Common Stock dated as of the date hereof issued by the Company in favor of the
Holder pursuant to the placement agent arrangement described in the Memorandum
("WARRANT"), as the case may be.

         The Company and the Holder hereby agree as follows:

         1.       DEFINITIONS.

                  Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall
have the meanings given such terms in the Purchase Agreement or the Warrant, as
the case may be. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
following meanings:

                  "ADVICE" shall have meaning set forth in SECTION 3(M).

                  "AFFILIATE" means, with respect to any Person, any other
Person that directly or indirectly controls or is controlled by or under common
control with such Person. For the purposes of this definition, "CONTROL," when
used with respect to any Person, means the possession, direct or indirect, of
the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of
such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise; and the terms of "AFFILIATED," "CONTROLLING" and "CONTROLLED" have
meanings correlative to the foregoing.

                  "BOARD" shall have meaning set forth in SECTION 3(N).

                  "BUSINESS DAY" means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any
day which shall be a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions in the
State of California generally are authorized or required by law or other
government actions to close.

                  "CLOSING DATE" means the date of the closing under the
Purchase Agreement.

                  "COMMISSION" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

                  "COMMON STOCK" means the Company's common stock, no par value
per share.

                  "EFFECTIVENESS DATE" means with respect to the Registration
Statement the earlier of (x) June 30, 2005 and (y) the date that is no later
than five (5) business days after the date on which the Commission informs the
Company that the Company may request the acceleration of the effectiveness of
the Registration Statement and the Company makes such request.

                  "EFFECTIVENESS PERIOD" shall have the meaning set forth in
SECTION 2.

                                      -1-


<PAGE>

                  "EXCHANGE ACT" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

                  "FILING DATE" means April 30, 2005.

                  "HOLDER" or "HOLDERS" means the holder or holders, as the case
may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities.

                  "INDEMNIFIED PARTY" shall have the meaning set forth in
SECTION 5(c).

                  "INDEMNIFYING PARTY" shall have the meaning set forth in
SECTION 5(c).

                  "LOSSES" shall have the meaning set forth in SECTION 5(A).

                  "MEMORANDUM" means the Company's Confidential Private
Placement Memorandum dated December 15, 2004 with respect to the offer and sale
of up to 15,285,714 shares of Common Stock.

                  "PERSON" means an individual or a corporation, partnership,
trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited
liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or political
subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

                  "PROCEEDING" means an action, claim, suit, investigation or
proceeding (including, without limitation, an investigation or partial
proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

                  "PROSPECTUS" means the prospectus included in the Registration
Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any
information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective
registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated under the
Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with
respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable
Securities covered by the Registration Statement, and all other amendments and
supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all
material incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.

                  "REGISTRABLE SECURITIES" means (i) the Shares and (ii) any
securities issued or issuable with respect to such Shares by way of a stock
dividend or stock split or in connection with a combination of shares,
recapitalization, merger, consolidation or other reorganization.

                  "REGISTRATION STATEMENT" means the registration statements and
any additional registration statements contemplated by SECTION 2 and SECTION
7(C), including (in each case) the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to
such registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective
amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference in
such registration statement.

                  "RULE 144" means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having
substantially the same effect as such Rule.

                  "RULE 158" means Rule 158 promulgated by the Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having
substantially the same effect as such Rule.

                                      -2-


<PAGE>

                  "RULE 415" means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having
substantially the same effect as such Rule.

                  "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933.

                  "SHARES" means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
to the Holder pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement or a Warrant, and
all other shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to all other Holders
pursuant to the terms of the Memorandum.

         2.       MANDATORY REGISTRATION.

                  (a) On or prior to the Filing Date, the Company shall prepare
and file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering all Registrable
Securities for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule
415. The Registration Statement shall be on Form S-3 (except if the Company is
not then eligible to register for resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-3,
in which case such registration shall be on another appropriate form). The
Company shall use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to be
declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as possible after the
filing thereof, but in any event prior to the Effectiveness Date, and to keep
such Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act
until such date as is the earlier of (x) three years after the Closing Date, (y)
the date when all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement
have been sold or (z) the date on which the Registrable Securities may be sold
without any restriction pursuant to Rule 144 as determined by the counsel to the
Company pursuant to a written opinion letter, addressed to the Company's
transfer agent to such effect (the "EFFECTIVENESS PERIOD").

                  (b) If the Registration Statement is not filed with the
Commission on or prior to the Filing Date, then as relief for the damages to any
holder by reason of any such delay, then within five (5) days after each thirty
(30)-day period, or any part thereof, that elapses beyond the Filing Date and
before the Registration Statement is filed with the Commission, the Company will
(x) pay a cash liquidated damages payment to each Holder who purchased Shares
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, which payment shall be in an amount equal to
three percent (3%) of the purchase price paid by the Holder for the Shares and
(y) as liquidated damages, reduce the exercise price of each Warrant by an
amount equal to three percent (3%) of the initial exercise price of such
Warrant.

                  (c) If the Registration Statement is not declared effective by
the Commission on or before the Effectiveness Date, then within five (5) days
after each thirty (30)-day period, or any part thereof, that elapses beyond the
Effectiveness Date and before the Registration Statement is declared effective
by the Commission, the Company will (x) pay a cash liquidated damages payment to
each Holder who purchased Shares pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, which
payment shall be in an amount equal to two percent (2%) of the purchase price
paid by the Holder for the Shares and (y) as liquidated damages, reduce the
exercise price of each Warrant by an amount equal to two percent (2%) of the
initial exercise price of such Warrant.

                  (d) If the Company is unable to keep the Registration
Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act throughout the
Effectiveness Period as required pursuant to SECTION 2(A) above, then except
with regard to (x) grace periods of thirty (30) days during which a
post-effective amendment is required to be filed to include in such Registration
Statement material information previously not included in such Registration
Statement, or to correct a material misstatement set forth in such Registration
Statement, in each case due to facts or circumstances arising subsequent to the
effectiveness of such Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, or
to otherwise provide information necessary to comply with Section 10(a)(3) of
the Securities Act regarding the age of financial statements included therein,
provided that the Company is using its best efforts to prepare and file such

                                      -3-


<PAGE>

post-effective amendment as soon as practicable and the Company is using its
best efforts to have such post-effective amendment declared effective by the
Commission) and (y) grace periods of ten (10) trading days for the preparation
and filing with the Commission of any prospectus supplement, the Company shall
within five (5) days after each thirty-(30) day period, or portion thereof,
elapsed after the termination of the grace period and prior to the date that the
post-effective amendment is declared effective or the prospectus supplement is
filed with the Commission, (i) pay a cash liquidated damages amount to each
Holder who purchased Shares pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, which payment
shall be in an amount equal to two percent (2%) of the purchase price paid by
the Holder for the Shares then held by the Holder, and (ii) reduce the exercise
price of each Warrant by an amount equal to two percent (2%) of the initial
exercise price of such Warrant.

                  (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
the maximum aggregate cash liquidated damages payment and/or the maximum
aggregate liquidated damages Warrant exercise price reduction for each Holder
shall be thirty-six percent (36%).

         3.       REGISTRATION PROCEDURES.

                  In connection with the Company's registration obligations
hereunder, the Company shall:

                  (a) Prepare and file with the Commission on or prior to the
Filing Date, a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (or if the Company is not then
eligible to register for resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-3 such
registration shall be on another appropriate form) in accordance with the method
or methods of distribution thereof as specified by the Holders, and use its best
efforts to cause the Registration Statement to become effective and remain
effective as provided herein; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that not less than three (3)
Business Days prior to the filing of the Registration Statement or any related
Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto (including any document that
would be incorporated therein by reference), the Company shall (i) furnish to
the Holders copies of all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents
(other than those incorporated by reference) will be subject to the review of
such Holders, and (ii) cause its officers and directors, counsel and independent
certified public accountants to respond to such inquiries as shall be necessary,
in the reasonable opinion of counsel to such Holders, to conduct a reasonable
investigation within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Company shall not
file the Registration Statement or any such Prospectus or any amendments or
supplements thereto to which the Holders of a majority of the Registrable
Securities shall reasonably object in writing within two (2) Business Days of
their receipt thereof.

                  (b) (i) Prepare and file with the Commission such amendments,
including post-effective amendments, to the Registration Statement as may be
necessary to keep the Registration Statement continuously effective as to the
applicable Registrable Securities for the Effectiveness Period and prepare and
file with the Commission such additional Registration Statements in order to
register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities;
(ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required
Prospectus supplement, and as so supplemented or amended to be filed pursuant to
Rule 424 (or any similar provisions then in force) promulgated under the
Securities Act; (iii) respond as promptly as possible to any comments received
from the Commission with respect to the Registration Statement or any amendment
thereto and as promptly as possible provide the Holders true and complete copies
of all correspondence from and to the Commission relating to the Registration
Statement; and (iv) comply in all material respects with the provisions of the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the disposition of all
Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement during the
applicable period in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the
Holders thereof set forth in the Registration Statement as so amended or in such
Prospectus as so supplemented.

                                      -4-


<PAGE>

                  (c) Notify the Holders of Registrable Securities to be sold as
promptly as possible (and, in the case of (i)(A) below, not less than three (3)
days prior to such filing) and (if requested by any such Person) confirm such
notice in writing no later than one (1) Business Day following the day (i)(A)
when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to
the Registration Statement is proposed to be filed; (B) when the Commission
notifies the Company whether there will be a "review" of such Registration
Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on such Registration
Statement and (C) with respect to the Registration Statement or any
post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective; (ii) of any
request by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority
for amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or Prospectus or for
additional information; (iii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop
order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement covering any or
all of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of any Proceedings for that
purpose; (iv) if at any time any of the representations and warranties of the
Company contained in any agreement contemplated hereby ceases to be true and
correct in all material respects; (v) of the receipt by the Company of any
notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption
from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any
jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding for such
purpose; and (vi) of the occurrence of any event that makes any statement made
in the Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated or
deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or
that requires any revisions to the Registration Statement, Prospectus or other
documents so that, in the case of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus,
as the case may be, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading.

                  (d) Use its best efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if
issued, obtain the withdrawal of, (i) any order suspending the effectiveness of
the Registration Statement or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or
exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in
any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment.

                  (e) If requested by the Holders of a majority in interest of
the Registrable Securities, (i) promptly incorporate in a Prospectus supplement
or post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement such information as
the Company reasonably agrees should be included therein and (ii) make all
required filings of such Prospectus supplement or such post-effective amendment
as soon as practicable after the Company has received notification of the
matters to be incorporated in such Prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment.

                  (f) Make available to each Holder, without charge, at least
one conformed copy of each Registration Statement and each amendment thereto,
including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated or
deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and all exhibits to the extent
requested by such Person (including those previously furnished or incorporated
by reference) promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission.

                  (g) Promptly deliver to each Holder, without charge, as many
copies of the Prospectus or Prospectuses (including each form of prospectus) and
each amendment or supplement thereto as such Persons may reasonably request; and
the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or
supplement thereto, during periods in which such Prospectus and each amendment
or supplement thereto are effective, by each of the selling Holders in
connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by
such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto.

                                      -5-





<PAGE>

                  (h) Prior to any public offering of Registrable Securities,
use its best efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with the selling
Holders in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from
such registration or qualification) of such Registrable Securities for offer and
sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within the
United States as any Holder requests in writing, to keep each such registration
or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the Effectiveness
Period and to do any and all other acts or things necessary or advisable to
enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable Securities
covered by a Registration Statement; provided, however, that the Company shall
not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it
is not then so qualified or to take any action that would subject it to general
service of process in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject or
subject the Company to any material tax in any such jurisdiction where it is not
then so subject.

                  (i) Cooperate with the Holders to facilitate the timely
preparation and delivery of certificates representing Registrable Securities to
be sold pursuant to a Registration Statement, which certificates shall, if
required under the terms of this Agreement, be free of all restrictive legends,
and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and
registered in such names as any Holder may request within the applicable time
periods prescribed for the issuance of shares upon exercise of a Warrant.

                  (j) Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by SECTION
3(c)(vi), as promptly as possible, prepare a supplement or amendment, including
a post-effective amendment, to the Registration Statement or a supplement to the
related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated
therein by reference, and file any other required document so that, as
thereafter delivered, neither the Registration Statement nor such Prospectus
will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

                  (k) Use its best efforts to cause all Registrable Securities
relating to such Registration Statement to be listed on the OTC Bulletin Board,
Nasdaq SmallCap Market, Nasdaq National Market, American Stock Exchange and any
other securities exchange, quotation system or market, if any, on which similar
securities issued by the Company are then listed as and when required pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement.

                  (l) Comply in all material respects with all applicable rules
and regulations of the Commission and make generally available to its security
holders earning statements satisfying the provisions of Section 11(a) of the
Securities Act and Rule 158 not later than 45 days after the end of any 12-month
period (or 90 days after the end of any 12-month period if such period is a
fiscal year) commencing on the first day of the first fiscal quarter of the
Company after the effective date of the Registration Statement, which statement
shall conform to the requirements of Rule 158.

                  (m) If the Registration Statement refers to any Holder by name
or otherwise as the holder of any securities of the Company, then such Holder
shall have the right to require (if such reference to such Holder by name or
otherwise is not required by the Securities Act or any similar federal statute
then in force) the deletion of the reference to such Holder in any amendment or
supplement to the Registration Statement filed or prepared subsequent to the
time that such reference ceases to be required.

                  Each Holder covenants and agrees that (i) it will not sell any
Registrable Securities under the Registration Statement until it has received
copies of the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented as contemplated in
SECTION 3(g) and notice from the Company that such Registration Statement and
any post-effective amendments thereto have become effective as contemplated by
SECTION 3(c), (ii) it and its officers, directors or Affiliates, if any, will

                                      -6-


<PAGE>

comply with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act as
applicable to them in connection with sales of Registrable Securities pursuant
to the Registration Statement and (iii) it will furnish to the Company
information regarding such Holder and the distribution of such Registrable
Securities as is required by law to be disclosed in the Registration Statement,
and the Company may exclude from such registration the Registrable Securities of
any such Holder who unreasonably fails to furnish such information within a
reasonable time after receiving such request.

                  The Company will use its best efforts to ensure that the use
of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as practicable. The Company agrees
and acknowledges that any periods during which the Holder is required to
discontinue the disposition of the Registrable Securities are subject to the
provisions of SECTION 2(d) above.

                  Each Holder agrees by its acquisition of such Registrable
Securities that, upon receipt of a notice from the Company of the occurrence of
any event of the kind described in SECTION 3(c)(ii), 3(c)(iii), 3(c)(iv),
3(c)(v) or 3(c)(vi), such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of such
Registrable Securities under the Registration Statement until such Holder's
receipt of the copies of the supplemented Prospectus and/or amended Registration
Statement contemplated by SECTION 3(j), or until it is advised in writing (the
"ADVICE") by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus may be
resumed, and, in either case, has received copies of any additional or
supplemental filings that are incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by
reference in such Prospectus or Registration Statement.

                  (n) If (i) there is material non-public information regarding
the Company which the Company's Board of Directors (the "BOARD") reasonably
determines not to be in the Company's best interest to disclose and which the
Company is not otherwise required to disclose, or (ii) there is a significant
business opportunity (including, but not limited to, the acquisition or
disposition of assets (other than in the ordinary course of business) or any
merger, consolidation, tender offer or other similar transaction) available to
the Company which the Board reasonably determines not to be in the Company's
best interest to disclose, then the Company may postpone or suspend filing or
effectiveness of a registration statement for a period not to exceed 20
consecutive days, provided that the Company may not postpone or suspend its
obligation under this SECTION 3(N) for more than 45 days in the aggregate during
any 12-month period; provided, however, that no such postponement or suspension
shall be permitted for consecutive 20-day periods, arising out of the same set
of facts, circumstances or transactions.

         4.       REGISTRATION EXPENSES.

                  All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or
compliance with this Agreement by the Company, except as and to the extent
specified in this SECTION 4, shall be borne by the Company whether or not the
Registration Statement is filed or becomes effective and whether or not any
Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to the Registration Statement. The fees
and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include, without
limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation,
fees and expenses (A) with respect to filings required to be made with the OTC
Bulletin Board, Nasdaq SmallCap Market, Nasdaq National Market, American Stock
Exchange and each other securities exchange or market on which Registrable
Securities are required hereunder to be listed, (B) with respect to filings
required to be made with the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.
and the NASD Regulation, Inc. and (C) in compliance with state securities or
Blue Sky laws), (ii) printing expenses (including, without limitation, expenses
of printing certificates for Registrable Securities and of printing prospectuses
if the printing of prospectuses is requested by the holders of a majority of the
Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement), (iii) messenger,
telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the
Company, (v) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such
insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by the
Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by

                                      -7-


<PAGE>

this Agreement, including, without limitation, the Company's independent public
accountants (including the expenses of any comfort letters or costs associated
with the delivery by independent public accountants of a comfort letter or
comfort letters). In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its
internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all
salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or
accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit, the fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any
securities exchange as required hereunder.

         5.       INDEMNIFICATION.

                  (a) INDEMNIFICATION BY THE COMPANY. The Company shall,
notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless
the Holder, the officers, directors, agents, brokers (including brokers who
offer and sell Registrable Securities as principal as a result of a pledge or
any failure to perform under a margin call of Common Stock), investment advisors
and employees of each of them, each Person who controls the Holder (within the
meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act)
and the officers, directors, agents and employees of each such controlling
Person, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any
and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without
limitation, costs of preparation and attorneys' fees) and expenses
(collectively, "LOSSES") (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in
a final judgment not subject to appeal or review), as incurred, arising solely
out of based solely upon any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in the Registration Statement, any Prospectus or any form of
prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary
prospectus, or arising solely out of or based solely upon any omission or
alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or form of
prospectus or supplement thereto, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made) not misleading, except to the extent, but only to the extent,
that such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information
regarding the Holder or such other Indemnified Party furnished in writing to the
Company by the Holder expressly for use therein, which information was
reasonably relied on by the Company for use therein or to the extent that such
information relates to such Holder or the Holder's proposed method of
distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved
in writing by the Holder expressly for use in the Registration Statement, such
Prospectus or such form of Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto.
The Company shall notify the Holder promptly of the institution, threat or
assertion of any Proceeding of which the Company is aware in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

                  (b) INDEMNIFICATION BY HOLDER. The Holder shall indemnify and
hold harmless the Company, the directors, officers, agents and employees, each
Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the
Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers,
agents or employees of such controlling Persons, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, from and against all Losses (as determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction in a final judgment not subject to appeal or review), as
incurred, arising solely out of or based solely upon any untrue statement or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration
Statement, any Prospectus, or any form of prospectus or form of prospectus or in
any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising
solely out of or based solely upon any omission of a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of
any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made) not misleading, to the extent, but only to the extent,
that such untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission

                                      -8-


<PAGE>

is contained in any information so furnished in writing by the Holder or other
Indemnified Party to the Company specifically for inclusion in the Registration
Statement or such Prospectus and that such information was reasonably relied
upon by the Company for use in the Registration Statement, such Prospectus or
such form of prospectus or to the extent that such information relates to the
Holder or the Holder's proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities
and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by the Holder expressly for
use in the Registration Statement, such Prospectus or such form of Prospectus.

                  (c) CONDUCT OF INDEMNIFICATION PROCEEDINGS. If any Proceeding
shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity hereunder
(an "INDEMNIFIED PARTY"), such Indemnified Party promptly shall notify the
Person from whom indemnity is sought (the "INDEMNIFYING PARTY") in writing, and
the Indemnifying Party shall assume the defense thereof, including the
employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the
payment of all fees and expenses incurred in connection with defense thereof;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice
shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities
pursuant to this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent that it shall be
finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is
not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure shall have
proximately and materially adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party.

                  An Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but
the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such
Indemnified Party or Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party has agreed in
writing to pay such fees and expenses; or (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have
failed promptly to assume the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel
reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding; or (3)
the named parties to any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties)
include both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and such
Indemnified Party shall have been advised by counsel (which shall be reasonably
acceptable to the Indemnifying Party) that a conflict of interest is likely to
exist if the same counsel were to represent such Indemnified Party and the
Indemnifying Party (in which case, if such Indemnified Party notifies the
Indemnifying Party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the
expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the
right to assume the defense thereof and such counsel shall be at the expense of
the Indemnifying Party). The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any
settlement of any such Proceeding effected without its written consent, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No Indemnifying Party
shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, effect any
settlement of any pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party
is a party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such
Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of
such Proceeding.

                  All fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including
reasonable fees and expenses to the extent incurred in connection with
investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not
inconsistent with this SECTION 5) shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as
incurred, within ten (10) Business Days of written notice thereof to the
Indemnifying Party (regardless of whether it is ultimately determined that an
Indemnified Party is not entitled to indemnification hereunder; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that the Indemnifying Party may require such Indemnified Party to
undertake to reimburse all such fees and expenses to the extent it is finally
judicially determined that such Indemnified Party is not entitled to
indemnification hereunder).

                  (d) CONTRIBUTION. If a claim for indemnification under SECTION
5(a) or SECTION 5(b) is unavailable to an Indemnified Party because of a failure
or refusal of a governmental authority to enforce such indemnification in
accordance with its terms (by reason of public policy or otherwise), then each
Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party, shall
contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result
of such Losses, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative
fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection with the
actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any
other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of such Indemnifying
Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other
things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue

                                      -9-





<PAGE>

statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact,
has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, such
Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties' relative intent,
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such
action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result
of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth
in SECTION 5(c), any reasonable attorneys' or other reasonable fees or expenses
incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such
party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the
indemnification provided for in this Section was available to such party in
accordance with its terms.

                  The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and
equitable if contribution pursuant to this SECTION 5(d) were determined by pro
rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into
account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding
paragraph. No Person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning
of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from
any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

                  The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this
Section are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have
to the Indemnified Parties.

         6.       RULE 144.

                  Provided the Company is subject to the reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act, as long as the Holder owns Shares, the Company covenants to
use its best efforts to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and
file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the
Company after the date hereof pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act and to promptly furnish or make available to the Holders true and complete
copies of all such filings. As long as the Holder owns Shares, if the Company is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act, the Company will prepare and furnish to the Holder and make publicly
available in accordance with Rule 144(c) promulgated under the Securities Act
annual and quarterly financial statements, together with a discussion and
analysis of such financial statements in form and substance substantially
similar to those that would otherwise be required to be included in reports
required by Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as well as any other
information required thereby, in the time period that such filings would have
been required to have been made under the Exchange Act. The Company further
covenants that it will take such further action as the Holder may reasonably
request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Person to
sell Shares without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation
of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act,
including providing any legal opinions relating to such sale pursuant to Rule
144. Upon the request of the Holder, the Company shall deliver to the Holder a
written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it has complied
with such requirements.

         7.       MISCELLANEOUS.

                  (a) REMEDIES. In the event of a breach by the Company or by
the Holder, of any of their obligations under this Agreement, the Holder or the
Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all
rights granted by law and under this Agreement, including recovery of damages,
will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. The
Company and the Holder agree that monetary damages would not provide adequate
compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the
provisions of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any
action for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall waive the
defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

                                      -10-





<PAGE>

                  (b) NO INCONSISTENT AGREEMENTS. Neither the Company nor any of
its subsidiaries has, as of the date hereof entered into and currently in
effect, nor shall the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on or after the date
of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities that
is inconsistent with the rights granted to the Holder in this Agreement or
otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof.

                  (c) PIGGY-BACK REGISTRATIONS. If at any time when there is not
an effective Registration Statement covering the Registrable Securities, the
Company shall determine to prepare and file with the Commission a registration
statement relating to an offering for its own account or the account of others
under the Securities Act of any of its equity securities, other than on Form S-4
or Form S-8 (each as promulgated under the Securities Act) or their then
equivalents relating to equity securities to be issued solely in connection with
any acquisition of any entity or business or equity securities issuable in
connection with stock option or other employee benefit plans, the Company shall
send to each holder of Registrable Securities written notice of such
determination and, if within ten (10) days after receipt of such notice, any
such holder shall so request in writing, (which request shall specify the
Registrable Securities intended to be disposed of by the Holders), the Company
will cause the registration under the Securities Act of all Registrable
Securities which the Company has been so requested to register by the Holder, to
the extent requisite to permit the disposition of the Registrable Securities so
to be registered, provided that if at any time after giving written notice of
its intention to register any securities and prior to the effective date of the
registration statement filed in connection with such registration, the Company
shall determine for any reason not to register or to delay registration of such
securities, the Company may, at its election, give written notice of such
determination to the Holder and, thereupon, (i) in the case of a determination
not to register, shall be relieved of its obligation to register any Registrable
Securities in connection with such registration (but not from its obligation to
pay expenses in accordance with SECTION 4 hereof), and (ii) in the case of a
determination to delay registering, shall be permitted to delay registering any
Registrable Securities being registered pursuant to this SECTION 7(c) for the
same period as the delay in registering such other securities. The Company shall
include in such registration statement all or any part of such Registrable
Securities the Holder requests to be registered; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the
Company shall not be required to register any Registrable Securities pursuant to
this SECTION 7(c) that are eligible for sale pursuant to Rule 144(k) of the
Securities Act. In the case of an underwritten public offering, if the managing
underwriter(s) or underwriter(s) should reasonably object to the inclusion of
the Registrable Securities in such registration statement, then if the Company
after consultation with the managing underwriter should reasonably determine
that the inclusion of such Registrable Securities, would adversely affect the
offering contemplated in such registration statement, and based on such
determination recommends inclusion in such registration statement of fewer or
none of the Registrable Securities of the Holders, then (x) the number of
Registrable Securities of the Holders included in such registration statement
shall be reduced pro-rata among such Holders (based upon the number of
Registrable Securities requested to be included in the registration), if the
Company after consultation with the underwriter(s) recommends the inclusion of
fewer Registrable Securities, or (y) none of the Registrable Securities of the
Holders shall be included in such registration statement, if the Company after
consultation with the underwriter(s) recommends the inclusion of none of such
Registrable Securities; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if securities are being offered
for the account of other persons or entities as well as the Company, such
reduction shall not represent a greater fraction of the number of Registrable
Securities intended to be offered by the Holders than the fraction of similar
reductions imposed on such other persons or entities (other than the Company).

                  (d) AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS. The provisions of this Agreement,
including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or
supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof
may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Company
and each of the Holders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to
depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates
exclusively to the rights of Holders and that does not directly or indirectly

                                      -11-





<PAGE>

affect the rights of other Holders may be given by Holders of at least a
majority of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent relates;
provided, however, that the provisions of this sentence may not be amended,
modified, or supplemented except in accordance with the provisions of the
immediately preceding sentence.

                  (e) NOTICES. Any and all notices or other communications or
deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be deemed given and effective on the earlier of (i) the date of
transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the
facsimile telephone number specified for notice prior to 5:00 p.m., California
time, on a Business Day, (ii) the Business Day after the date of transmission,
if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile
telephone number specified for notice later than 5:00 p.m., California time, on
any date and earlier than 11:59 p.m., California time, on such date, (iii) the
Business Day following the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized
overnight courier service or (iv) actual receipt by the party to whom such
notice is required to be given. The addresses for such communications shall be
with respect to the Holder at its address set forth in the Subscriber
Questionnaire completed in connection with the Purchase Agreement, or with
respect to the Company, addressed to:

                                    Telenetics Corporation
                                    39 Parker
                                    Irvine, California 92618
                                    Attention:  Chief Financial Officer
                                    Telecopier:  (949) 455-9324
                                    Telephone:   (949) 900-4801

or to such other address or addresses or facsimile number or numbers as any such
party may most recently have designated in writing to the other parties hereto
by such notice. Copies of notices to the Company shall be sent to Rutan &
Tucker, LLP, 611 Anton Boulevard, Suite 1400, Costa Mesa, California 92626,
Attention: Larry A. Cerutti, Esq., Facsimile No.: (714) 546-9035.

                  (f) SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted
assigns and shall inure to the benefit of the Holder and its successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any of its
rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Holder.
Each Holder may assign its rights hereunder in the manner and to the Persons as
permitted under this Agreement and the Purchase Agreement.

                  (g) ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS. The rights of the
Holder hereunder, including the right to have the Company register for resale
Registrable Securities in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, shall be
automatically assignable by the Holder to any Affiliate of the Holder or any
other Holder or Affiliate of any other Holder of all or a portion of the
Registrable Securities if: (i) the Holder agrees in writing with the transferee
or assignee to assign such rights, and a copy of such agreement is furnished to
the Company within a reasonable time after such assignment, (ii) the Company is,
within a reasonable time after such transfer or assignment, furnished with
written notice of (a) the name and address of such transferee or assignee, and
(b) the securities with respect to which such registration rights are being
transferred or assigned, (iii) following such transfer or assignment the further
disposition of such securities by the transferee or assignees is restricted
under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, (iv) at or before
the time the Company receives the written notice contemplated by clause (ii) of
this Section, the transferee or assignee agrees in writing with the Company to
be bound by all of the provisions of this Agreement, and (v) such transfer shall
have been made in accordance with the applicable requirements of the Purchase
Agreement. In addition, each Holder shall have the right to assign its rights
hereunder to any other Person with the prior written consent of the Company,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The rights to assignment shall
apply to the Holders (and to subsequent) successors and assigns.

                                      -12-





<PAGE>

                  (h) COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an
original and, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
Agreement. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile
transmission, such signature shall create a valid binding obligation of the
party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) the same with
the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature were the original
thereof.

                  (i) GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard
to principles of conflicts of law thereof.

                  (j) CUMULATIVE REMEDIES. The remedies provided herein are
cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

                  (k) SEVERABILITY. If any term, provision, covenant or
restriction of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal, void or
unenforceable in any respect, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants
and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and
shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto
shall use their reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to
achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such
term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared
to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that
may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

                  (l) HEADINGS. The headings herein are for convenience only, do
not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or
affect any of the provisions hereof.

                                      -13-





<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Registration
Rights Agreement effective as of the date indicated below as the date the
Agreement is accepted by the Company.

COMPANY:

TELENETICS CORPORATION

By:
   -----------------------------------------------------------
      David L. Stone, Chief Financial Officer

Date: December 23, 2004

HOLDER:

INDIVIDUALS                                  ENTITIES

- --------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
Print Name                                   Print Name of Subscriber

- --------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
Signature                                    Authorized Signature

- --------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
Signature (if Joint Tenants                  Print Name of Signatory and
or Tenants in Common)                        Capacity in which Signed

Date: December ___, 2004

                                      -14-




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>telenetics_8kex10-3.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.3

THIS WARRANT AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE HEREOF HAVE
NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
"SECURITIES ACT") OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR TELENETICS CORPORATION SHALL HAVE RECEIVED
AN OPINION OF ITS COUNSEL THAT REGISTRATION OF SUCH SECURITIES UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS IS
NOT REQUIRED.

                               WARRANT TO PURCHASE

                             SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                             TELENETICS CORPORATION

                           Expires December 22, 2009

No.: W-___                                     Number of Shares: 1,428,571
Date of Issuance: December 23, 2004

         FOR VALUE RECEIVED, subject to the provisions hereinafter set forth,
the undersigned, Telenetics Corporation, a California corporation (together with
its successors and assigns, the "ISSUER"), hereby certifies that Taglich
Brothers, Inc. or its registered assigns is entitled to subscribe for and
purchase, during the period specified in this Warrant, up to One Million, Four
Hundred Twenty-Eight Thousand, Five Hundred Seventy-One (1,428,571)
shares (subject to adjustment as hereinafter
provided) of the duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
Common Stock of the Issuer, at an exercise price per share equal to the Warrant
Price then in effect, subject, however, to the provisions and upon the terms and
conditions hereinafter set forth. This Warrant is one of the "Warrants" issued
pursuant to the Letter Agreement (as defined in SECTION 9 hereof). Capitalized
terms used in this Warrant and not otherwise defined herein shall have the
respective meanings specified in SECTION 9 hereof.

1.       TERM.

         The right to subscribe for and purchase shares of Warrant Stock
represented hereby shall commence on the date of issuance of this Warrant and
shall expire at 5:00 p.m., eastern time, on December 22, 2009 (such period
being the "TERM").

2.       METHOD OF EXERCISE PAYMENT; ISSUANCE OF NEW WARRANT; TRANSFER AND
         EXCHANGE.

         (a) TIME OF EXERCISE. The purchase rights represented by this Warrant
may be exercised in whole or in part at any time and from time to time during
the Term.

                                      -1-


<PAGE>

         (b) METHOD OF EXERCISE. The Holder hereof may exercise this Warrant, in
whole or in part, by the surrender of this Warrant (with the exercise form
attached hereto duly executed) at the principal office of the Issuer, together
with the payment to the Issuer of an amount of consideration therefor equal to
the Warrant Price in effect on the date of such exercise multiplied by the
number of shares of Warrant Stock with respect to which this Warrant is then
being exercised, payable at such Holder's election (i) by certified or official
bank check or by wire transfer to an account designated by the Issuer, (ii) by
"CASHLESS EXERCISE" by surrender to the Issuer for cancellation of a portion of
this Warrant representing that number of unissued shares of Warrant Stock which
is equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the product obtained by
multiplying the Warrant Price by the number of shares of Warrant Stock being
purchased upon such exercise by (B) the Per Share Market Value as of the date of
such exercise, or (iii) by a combination of the foregoing methods of payment
selected by the Holder of this Warrant; provided, however, that the "cashless
exercise" method shall not be available before December 23, 2006. In any case
where the consideration payable upon such exercise is being paid in whole or in
part pursuant to the provisions of clause (ii) of this subsection (b), such
exercise shall be accompanied by written notice from the Holder of this Warrant
specifying the manner of payment thereof and containing a calculation showing
the number of shares of Warrant Stock with respect to which rights are being
surrendered thereunder and the net number of shares to be issued after giving
effect to such surrender.

         (c) ISSUANCE OF STOCK CERTIFICATES. In the event of any exercise of the
rights represented by this Warrant in accordance with and subject to the terms
and conditions hereof, (i) certificates for the shares of Warrant Stock so
purchased shall be dated the date of such exercise (if the deliveries required
to be made by the Holder pursuant to SECTION 2(b) are received by the Issuer
prior to 5:00 p.m. eastern time on the exercise date) and delivered to the
Holder hereof within a reasonable time, not exceeding three (3) Trading Days
after such exercise, and the Holder hereof shall be deemed for all purposes to
be the Holder of the shares of Warrant Stock so purchased as of the date of such
exercise, and (ii) unless this Warrant has expired, a new Warrant representing
the number of shares of Warrant Stock, if any, with respect to which this
Warrant shall not then have been exercised (less any amount thereof which shall
have been canceled in payment or partial payment of the Warrant Price as
hereinabove provided) shall also be issued to the Holder hereof at the Issuer's
expense within such time or as soon as practicable thereafter.

         (d) TRANSFERABILITY OF WARRANT. Subject to SECTION 2(e), this Warrant
may be transferred by a Holder without the consent of the Issuer. If transferred
pursuant to this paragraph and subject to the provisions of subsection (e) of
this SECTION 2, this Warrant may be transferred on the books of the Issuer by
the Holder hereof in person or by duly authorized attorney, upon surrender of
this Warrant at the principal office of the Issuer, properly endorsed (by the
Holder executing an assignment in the form attached hereto) and upon payment of
any necessary transfer tax or other governmental charge imposed upon such
transfer. This Warrant is exchangeable at the principal office of the Issuer for
Warrants for the purchase of the same aggregate number of shares of Warrant
Stock, each new Warrant to represent the right to purchase such number of shares
of Warrant Stock as the Holder hereof shall designate at the time of such
exchange. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the
Original Issue Date and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the
number of shares of Warrant Stock issuable pursuant hereto.

                                      -2-


<PAGE>

         (e) COMPLIANCE WITH SECURITIES LAWS.

                  (i) The Holder of this Warrant, by acceptance hereof,
         acknowledges that this Warrant or the shares of Warrant Stock to be
         issued upon exercise hereof are being acquired solely for the Holder's
         own account and not as a nominee for any other party, and for
         investment, and that the Holder will not offer, sell or otherwise
         dispose of this Warrant or any shares of Warrant Stock to be issued
         upon exercise hereof except pursuant to an effective registration
         statement, or an exemption from registration, under the Securities Act
         and any applicable state securities laws.

                  (ii) Except as provided in paragraph (iii) below, this Warrant
         and all certificates representing shares of Warrant Stock issued upon
         exercise hereof shall be stamped or imprinted with a legend in
         substantially the following form:

                           THIS WARRANT AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE
                           UPON EXERCISE HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
                           THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
                           "SECURITIES ACT") OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND
                           MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF
                           UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER
                           APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR TELENETICS
                           CORPORATION SHALL HAVE RECEIVED AN OPINION OF ITS
                           COUNSEL THAT REGISTRATION OF SUCH SECURITIES UNDER
                           THE SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF
                           APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS IS NOT REQUIRED.

                  (iii) The restrictions imposed by this subsection (e) upon the
         transfer of this Warrant or the shares of Warrant Stock to be purchased
         upon exercise hereof shall terminate (A) when such securities shall
         have been resold pursuant to an effective registration statement under
         the Securities Act, (B) upon the Issuer's receipt of an opinion of
         counsel, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer,
         addressed to the Issuer to the effect that such restrictions are no
         longer required to ensure compliance with the Securities Act and state
         securities laws, or (C) upon the Issuer's receipt of other evidence
         reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer that such registration and
         qualification under the Securities Act and state securities laws are
         not required. Whenever such restrictions shall cease and terminate as
         to any such securities, the Holder thereof shall be entitled to receive
         from the Issuer (or its transfer agent and registrar), without expense
         (other than applicable transfer taxes, if any), new Warrants (or, in
         the case of shares of Warrant Stock, new stock certificates) of like
         tenor not bearing the applicable legend required by paragraph (ii)
         above relating to the Securities Act and state securities laws.

                                      -3-


<PAGE>

         (f) CONTINUING RIGHTS OF HOLDER. The Issuer will, at the time of or at
any time after each exercise of this Warrant, upon the request of the Holder
hereof, acknowledge in writing the extent, if any, of its continuing obligation
to afford to such Holder all rights to which such Holder shall continue to be
entitled after such exercise in accordance with the terms of this Warrant,
provided that if any such Holder shall fail to make any such request, the
failure shall not affect the continuing obligation of the Issuer to afford such
rights to such Holder.

3.       STOCK FULLY PAID; RESERVATION AND LISTING OF SHARES; COVENANTS.

         (a) STOCK FULLY PAID. The Issuer represents, warrants, covenants and
agrees that all shares of Warrant Stock which may be issued upon the exercise of
this Warrant or otherwise hereunder will, upon issuance, be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all taxes, liens and
charges created by or through Issuer. The Issuer further covenants and agrees
that during the period within which this Warrant may be exercised, the Issuer
will at all times have authorized and reserved for the purpose of the issue upon
exercise of this Warrant a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock to
provide for the exercise of this Warrant.

         (b) RESERVATION. If any shares of Common Stock required to be reserved
for issuance upon exercise of this Warrant or as otherwise provided hereunder
require registration or qualification with any governmental authority under any
federal or state law before such shares may be so issued, the Issuer will in
good faith use its best efforts as expeditiously as possible at its expense to
cause such shares to be duly registered or qualified. If the Issuer shall list
any shares of Common Stock on any securities exchange or market it will, at its
expense, list thereon, maintain and increase when necessary such listing, of,
all shares of Warrant Stock from time to time issued upon exercise of this
Warrant or as otherwise provided hereunder, and, to the extent permissible under
the applicable securities exchange rules, all unissued shares of Warrant Stock
which are at any time issuable hereunder, so long as any shares of Common Stock
shall be so listed. The Issuer will also so list on each securities exchange or
market, and will maintain such listing of, any other securities which the Holder
of this Warrant shall be entitled to receive upon the exercise of this Warrant
if at the time any and for so long as securities of the same class shall be
listed on such securities exchange or market by the Issuer.

         (c) COVENANTS. The Issuer shall not by any action including, without
limitation, amending the Articles of Incorporation or the by-laws of the Issuer,
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger,
dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other action, avoid or seek to
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and
in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect
the rights of the Holder hereof against dilution (to the extent specifically
provided herein) or impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Issuer will (i) not permit the par value, if any, of its Common
Stock to exceed the then effective Warrant Price, (ii) take all such action as
may be reasonably necessary in order that the Issuer may validly and legally
issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock, free and clear of any
liens, claims, encumbrances and restrictions (other than as provided herein)
upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) use its best efforts to obtain all
such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body
having jurisdiction thereof as may be reasonably necessary to enable the Issuer
to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

                                      -4-


<PAGE>

         (d) LOSS, THEFT, DESTRUCTION OF WARRANTS. Upon receipt of evidence
satisfactory to the Issuer of the ownership of and the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of any Warrant and, in the case of any such loss, theft or
destruction, upon receipt of indemnity or security satisfactory to the Issuer
or, in the case of any such mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of such
Warrant, the Issuer will make and deliver, in lieu of such lost, stolen,
destroyed or mutilated Warrant, a new Warrant of like tenor and representing the
right to purchase the same number of shares of Common Stock.

         (e) REGISTRATION RIGHTS. The Warrant Stock is entitled to the benefits
of and subject to the obligations relating to those certain registration rights
expressly set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement.

4.       ADJUSTMENT OF WARRANT PRICE AND WARRANT SHARE NUMBER.

         The Warrant Price shall be adjusted as set forth in this SECTION 4.
Upon each adjustment to the Warrant Price pursuant to this SECTION 4, the Holder
shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon exercise of this Warrant, at the
Warrant Price resulting from such adjustment, the number of shares of Common
Stock obtained by (i) multiplying the Warrant Price in effect immediately prior
to such adjustment by the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder
immediately prior to such adjustment, and (ii) dividing the product thereof by
the Warrant Price resulting from such adjustment. The Issuer shall give the
Holder notice of any event described below which requires an adjustment pursuant
to this SECTION 4 in accordance with SECTION 5.

         (a) The Warrant Price shall be further adjusted as follows:

                  (i) In the case of any amendment to the Issuer's Articles of
         Incorporation to change the designation of the Common Stock or the
         rights, privileges, restrictions or conditions with respect to the
         Common Stock or division of the Common Stock, this Warrant shall be
         adjusted so as to provide that upon exercise thereof, the Holder shall
         receive, in lieu of each share of Common Stock theretofore issuable
         upon such exercise, the kind and amount of shares, other securities,
         money and property receivable upon such designation, change or division
         by the Holder issuable upon such exercise had the exercise occurred
         immediately prior to such designation, change or division. This Warrant
         shall be deemed thereafter to provide for adjustments that shall be as
         nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for
         in this SECTION 4. The provisions of this SUBSECTION 4(a)(i) shall
         apply in the same manner to successive reclassifications, changes,
         consolidations and mergers.

                  (ii) If the Issuer shall at any time subdivide its outstanding
         shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares of Common Stock,
         or declare a dividend or make any other distribution upon the Common
         Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, the Warrant Price in effect
         immediately prior to such subdivision or dividend or other distribution
         shall be proportionately reduced, and conversely, in case the
         outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined into a smaller
         number of shares of Common Stock, the Warrant Price in effect
         immediately prior to such combination shall be proportionately
         increased.

                                      -5-


<PAGE>

                  (iii) If any capital reorganization or reclassification of the
         capital stock of the Issuer, or any consolidation or merger of the
         Issuer with or into another corporation or other entity, or the sale of
         all or substantially all of the Issuer's assets to another corporation
         or other entity shall be effected in such a way that holders of shares
         of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive stock, securities, other
         evidence of equity ownership or assets with respect to or in exchange
         for shares of Common Stock, then, as a condition of such
         reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger or sale (except
         as otherwise provided below in this SECTION 4), lawful and adequate
         provisions shall be made whereby the Holder shall thereafter have the
         right to receive upon the exercise hereof upon the basis and upon the
         terms and conditions specified herein, such shares of stock,
         securities, other evidence of equity ownership or assets as may be
         issued or payable with respect to or in exchange for a number of
         outstanding shares of such Common Stock equal to the number of shares
         of Common Stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon
         the exercise of this Warrant under this SECTION 4 had such
         reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger or sale not
         taken place, and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made
         with respect to the rights and interests of the Holder to the end that
         the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for
         adjustments of the Warrant Price and of the number of shares of Common
         Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant) shall thereafter be
         applicable, as nearly as may be practicable, in relation to any shares
         of stock, securities, other evidence of equity ownership or assets
         thereafter deliverable upon the exercise hereof. Subject to the terms
         of this Warrant, in the event of a merger or consolidation of the
         Company with or into another corporation or other entity as a result of
         which the number of shares of common stock of the surviving corporation
         or other entity issuable to holders of Common Stock, is greater or
         lesser than the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
         immediately prior to such merger or consolidation, then the Warrant
         Price in effect immediately prior to such merger or consolidation shall
         be adjusted in the same manner as though there were a subdivision or
         combination of the outstanding shares of Common Stock.

                  (iv) In case the Issuer shall, at any time prior to exercise
         of this Warrant, consolidate or merge with any other corporation or
         other entity (where the Issuer is not the surviving entity) or transfer
         all or substantially all of its assets to any other corporation or
         other entity, then the Issuer shall, as a condition precedent to such
         transaction, cause effective provision to be made so that the Holder of
         this Warrant upon the exercise of this Warrant after the effective date
         of such transaction shall be entitled to receive the kind and amount of
         shares, evidences of indebtedness and/or other securities or property
         receivable on such transaction by a holder of the number of shares of
         Common Stock as to which this Warrant was exercisable immediately prior
         to such transaction (without giving effect to any restriction upon such
         exercise); and, in any such case, appropriate provision shall be made
         with respect to the rights and interest of the Holder of this Warrant
         to the end that the provisions of this Warrant shall thereafter be
         applicable (as nearly as may be practicable) with respect to any
         shares, evidences of indebtedness or other securities or assets
         thereafter deliverable upon exercise of this Warrant.

                                      -6-


<PAGE>

                  (v) No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued in
         connection with any exercise of this Warrant, but in lieu of such
         fractional shares, the Issuer shall make a cash payment therefor equal
         in amount to the product of the applicable fraction multiplied by the
         Warrant Price then in effect.

         (b) OTHER PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO ADJUSTMENTS UNDER THIS SECTION. The
following provisions shall be applicable to the making of adjustments of the
number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable and the
Warrant Price then in effect provided for in this SECTION 4:

                  (i) WHEN ADJUSTMENTS TO BE MADE. The adjustments required by
         this SECTION 4 shall be made whenever and as often as any specified
         event requiring an adjustment shall occur, except that any adjustment
         of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is
         exercisable that would otherwise be required may be postponed (except
         in the case of a subdivision or combination of shares of the Common
         Stock, as provided for in SECTION 4(a)(ii)) up to, but not beyond the
         date of exercise if such adjustment either by itself or with other
         adjustments not previously made adds or subtracts less than one percent
         (1%) of the shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is
         exercisable immediately prior to the making of such adjustment. Any
         adjustment representing a change of less than such minimum amount
         (except as aforesaid) which is postponed shall be carried forward and
         made as soon as such adjustment, together with other adjustments
         required by this SECTION 4 and not previously made, would result in a
         minimum adjustment or on the date of exercise. For the purpose of any
         adjustment, any specified event shall be deemed to have occurred at the
         close of business on the date of its occurrence.

                  (ii) FRACTIONAL INTERESTS. In computing adjustments under this
         SECTION 4, fractional interests in Common Stock shall be taken into
         account to the nearest one one-hundredth (1/100th) of a share.

                  (iii) WHEN ADJUSTMENT NOT REQUIRED. If the Issuer shall take a
         record of the holders of its Common Stock for the purpose of entitling
         them to receive a dividend or distribution or subscription or purchase
         rights and shall, thereafter and before the distribution to
         stockholders thereof, legally abandon its plan to pay or deliver such
         dividend, distribution, subscription or purchase rights, then
         thereafter no adjustment shall be required by reason of the taking of
         such record and any such adjustment previously made in respect thereof
         shall be rescinded and annulled.

         (c) FORM OF WARRANT AFTER ADJUSTMENTS. The form of this Warrant need
not be changed because of any adjustments in the Warrant Price or the number and
kind of Securities purchasable upon the exercise of this Warrant.

5.       NOTICE OF ADJUSTMENTS.

         Whenever the Warrant Price or Warrant Share Number shall be adjusted
pursuant to SECTION 4 or SECTION 8 hereof (for purposes of this SECTION 5, each
an "ADJUSTMENT"), the Issuer shall cause its Chief Financial Officer to prepare
and execute a certificate setting forth, in reasonable detail, the event
requiring the adjustment, the amount of the adjustment, the method by which such

                                      -7-


<PAGE>

adjustment was calculated (including a description of the basis on which the
Board made any determination hereunder), and the Warrant Price and, in the case
of an adjustment pursuant to SECTION 4, the Warrant Share Number, after giving
effect to such adjustment, and shall cause copies of such certificate to be
delivered to the Holder of this Warrant after each adjustment.

6.       FRACTIONAL SHARES.

         No fractional shares of Warrant Stock will be issued in connection with
an exercise hereof, but in lieu of such fractional shares, the Issuer shall make
a cash payment therefor equal in amount to the product of the applicable
fraction multiplied by the Per Share Market Value then in effect.

7.       OWNERSHIP CAP AND CERTAIN EXERCISE RESTRICTIONS.

         (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Warrant,
at no time may a holder of this Warrant exercise this Warrant if the number of
shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to such exercise would exceed, when
aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such
holder at such time, the number of shares of Common Stock which would result in
such holder beneficially owning more than 4.999% of all of the Common Stock
outstanding at such time; provided, however, that upon a holder of this Warrant
providing the Issuer with sixty (60) days notice (pursuant to SECTION 13 hereof)
(the "WAIVER NOTICE") that such holder would like to waive this SECTION 7(a)
with regard to any or all shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this
Warrant, this SECTION 7(a) will be of no force or effect with regard to all or a
portion of the Warrant referenced in the Waiver Notice.

         (b) The Holder may not exercise the Warrant hereunder to the extent
such exercise would result in the Holder beneficially owning (as determined in
accordance with SECTION 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder) in
excess of 9.999% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock,
including shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant held by the Holder after
application of this Section.

8.       ADDITIONAL ADJUSTMENTS TO WARRANT PRICE.

         The Warrant Price shall be adjusted as set forth in Section 2 of the
Registration Rights Agreement.

9.       DEFINITIONS.

         For the purposes of this Warrant, the following terms have the
following meanings:

         "ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION" means the Articles of Incorporation of the
Issuer as in effect on the Original Issue Date, and as hereafter from time to
time amended, modified, supplemented or restated in accordance with the terms
hereof and thereof and pursuant to applicable law.

         "BOARD" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Issuer.

                                      -8-


<PAGE>

         "CAPITAL STOCK" means and includes (i) any and all shares, interests,
participations or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated)
corporate stock, including, without limitation, shares of preferred or
preference stock, (ii) all partnership interests (whether general or limited) in
any Person which is a partnership, (iii) all membership interests or limited
liability company interests in any limited liability company, and (iv) all
equity or ownership interests in any Person of any other type.

         "COMMON STOCK" means the Common Stock, no par value per share, of the
Issuer and any other Capital Stock into which such stock may hereafter be
changed.

         "GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY" means any governmental, regulatory or
self-regulatory entity, department, body, official, authority, commission,
board, agency or instrumentality, whether federal, state or local, and whether
domestic or foreign.

         "HOLDERS" mean the Persons who shall from time to time own any Warrant.
The term "HOLDER" means one of the Holders.

         "INDEPENDENT APPRAISER" means a nationally recognized or major regional
investment banking firm or firm of independent certified public accountants of
recognized standing (which may be the firm that regularly examines the financial
statements of the Issuer) that is regularly engaged in the business of
appraising the Capital Stock or assets of corporations or other entities as
going concerns, and which is not affiliated with either the Issuer or the Holder
of any Warrant.

         "LETTER AGREEMENT" means the letter agreement dated December 15, 2004
confirming the Issuer's engagement of Taglich Brothers, Inc. to act as placement
agent for the Issuer in connection with a private placement of shares of Common
Stock.

         "MAJORITY HOLDERS" means at any time the Holders of Warrants
exercisable for a majority of the shares of Warrant Stock issuable under the
Warrants at the time outstanding.

         "NASDAQ" means The Nasdaq SmallCap Market or The Nasdaq National
Market.

         "ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE" means December 23, 2004.

         "OTC BULLETIN BOARD" means the over-the-counter electronic bulletin
board.

         "PERSON" means an individual, corporation, limited liability company,
partnership, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, joint
venture, Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever nature.

         "PER SHARE MARKET VALUE" means on any particular date (a) the closing
price per share of the Common Stock on such date on the OTC Bulletin Board or
another registered national stock exchange on which the Common Stock is then
listed, or if there is no such price on such date, then the closing price on
such exchange or quotation system on the date nearest preceding such date, or
(b) if the Common Stock is not then reported by the OTC Bulletin Board or the
Pink Sheets LLC (or similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions
of reporting prices), then the average of the "PINK SHEET" quotes for the
relevant conversion period, as determined in good faith by the holder, or (c) if

                                      -9-


<PAGE>

the Common Stock is not then publicly traded the fair market value of a share of
Common Stock as determined by an Independent Appraiser selected in good faith by
the Majority Holders; provided, however, that the Issuer, after receipt of the
determination by such Independent Appraiser, shall have the right to select an
additional Independent Appraiser, in which case, the fair market value shall be
equal to the average of the determinations by each such Independent Appraiser;
and provided, further that all determinations of the Per Share Market Value
shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividends, stock splits or other
similar transactions during such period. The determination of fair market value
by an Independent Appraiser shall be based upon the fair market value of the
Issuer determined on a going concern basis as between a willing buyer and a
willing seller and taking into account all relevant factors determinative of
value, and shall be final and binding on all parties. In determining the fair
market value of any shares of Common Stock, no consideration shall be given to
any restrictions on transfer of the Common Stock imposed by agreement or by
federal or state securities laws, or to the existence or absence of, or any
limitations on, voting rights.

         "REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT" means the Registration Rights Agreement
entered into between Taglich Brothers, Inc. and the Issuer as of the Original
Issue Date.

         "SECURITIES" means any debt or equity securities of the Issuer, whether
now or hereafter authorized, any instrument convertible into or exchangeable for
Securities or a Security, and any option, warrant or other right to purchase or
acquire any Security. "SECURITY" means one of the Securities.

         "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any
similar federal statute then in effect.

         "SUBSIDIARY" means any corporation at least 50% of whose outstanding
Voting Stock shall at the time be owned directly or indirectly by the Issuer or
by one or more of its Subsidiaries, or by the Issuer and one or more of its
Subsidiaries.

         "TERM" has the meaning specified in SECTION 1 hereof.

         "TRADING DAY" means (a) a day on which the Common Stock is traded on
the OTC Bulletin Board, or (b) if the Common Stock is not listed on the OTC
Bulletin Board, a day on which the Common Stock is traded on Nasdaq or any
registered national stock exchange, or (c) if the Common Stock is not traded on
the OTC Bulletin Board, Nasdaq or any registered national stock exchange, a day
on which the Common Stock is quoted in the over-the-counter market as reported
by the Pink Sheets LLC (or any similar organization or agency succeeding its
functions of reporting prices); provided, however, that in the event that the
Common Stock is not listed or quoted as set forth in (a), (b) and (c) hereof,
then Trading Day shall mean any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which
shall be a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of
New York are authorized or required by law or other government action to close.

         "VOTING STOCK" means, as applied to the Capital Stock of any
corporation, Capital Stock of any class or classes (however designated) having
ordinary voting power for the election of a majority of the members of the Board
of Directors (or other governing body) of such corporation, other than Capital
Stock having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency.

                                      -10-


<PAGE>

         "WARRANTS" means the Warrants issued pursuant to the Letter Agreement,
including, without limitation, this Warrant, and any other warrants of like
tenor issued in substitution or exchange for any thereof pursuant to the
provisions of SECTION 2(c), 2(d) or 2(e) hereof or of any of such other
Warrants.

         "WARRANT PRICE" means U.S. $0.125, as such price may be adjusted from
time to time as shall result from the adjustments specified in this Warrant,
including SECTION 4 hereof.

         "WARRANT SHARE NUMBER" means at any time the aggregate number of shares
of Warrant Stock which may at such time be purchased upon exercise of this
Warrant, after giving effect to all prior adjustments and increases to such
number made or required to be made under the terms hereof.

         "WARRANT STOCK" means Common Stock issuable upon exercise of any
Warrant or Warrants or otherwise issuable pursuant to any Warrant or Warrants.

10.      OTHER NOTICES.

         In case at any time:

         (a) the Issuer shall make any distributions to the holders of Common
Stock; or

         (b) the Issuer shall authorize the granting to all holders of its
Common Stock of rights to subscribe for or purchase any shares of Capital Stock
of any class; or

         (c) there shall be any reclassification of the Capital Stock of the
Issuer; or

         (d) there shall be any capital reorganization by the Issuer; or

         (e) there shall be any (i) consolidation or merger involving the Issuer
or (ii) sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the
Issuer's property, assets or business (except a merger or other reorganization
in which the Issuer shall be the surviving corporation and its shares of Capital
Stock shall continue to be outstanding and unchanged and except a consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or other disposition involving a wholly-owned
Subsidiary); or

         (f) there shall be a voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation
or winding-up of the Issuer or any partial liquidation of the Issuer or
distribution to holders of Common Stock;

then, in each of such cases, the Issuer shall give written notice to the Holder
of the date on which (i) the books of the Issuer shall close or a record shall
be taken for such dividend, distribution or subscription rights or (ii) such
reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, disposition,
dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, as the case may be, shall take place.
Such notice also shall specify the date as of which the holders of Common Stock
of record shall participate in such dividend, distribution or subscription
rights, or shall be entitled to exchange their certificates for Common Stock for

                                      -11-


<PAGE>

securities or other property deliverable upon such reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger, disposition, dissolution, liquidation
or winding-up, as the case may be. Such notice shall be given at least ten (10)
days prior to the action in question and not less than ten (10) days prior to
the record date or the date on which the Issuer's transfer books are closed in
respect thereto. The Issuer shall give to the Holder notice of all meetings and
actions by written consent of its stockholders, at the same time in the same
manner as notice of any meetings of stockholders is required to be given to
stockholders who do not waive such notice (or, if such requires no notice, then
two (2) Trading Days written notice thereof describing the matters upon which
action is to be taken). The Holder shall have the right to send two (2)
representatives selected by it to each meeting, who shall be permitted to
attend, but not vote at, such meeting and any adjournments thereof. This Warrant
entitles the Holder to receive copies of all financial and other information
distributed or required to be distributed to the holders of the Common Stock.

11.      AMENDMENT AND WAIVER.

         Any term, covenant, agreement or condition in this Warrant may be
amended, or compliance therewith may be waived (either generally or in a
particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively), by a written
instrument or written instruments executed by the Issuer and the Majority
Holders; provided, however, that no such amendment or waiver shall reduce the
Warrant Share Number, increase the Warrant Price, shorten the period during
which this Warrant may be exercised or modify any provision of this SECTION 11
without the consent of the Holder of this Warrant.

12.      GOVERNING LAW.

         THIS WARRANT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO PRINCIPLES OF
CONFLICTS OF LAW.

13.      NOTICES.

         Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or
permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given
and effective on the earlier of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or
communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile telephone number
specified for notice prior to 5:00 p.m., eastern time, on a Trading Day, (ii)
the Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile telephone number specified for
notice later than 5:00 p.m., eastern time, on any date and earlier than 11:59
p.m., eastern time, on such date, (iii) the Trading Day following the date of
mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv)
actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The
addresses for such communications shall be with respect to the Holder of this
Warrant or of Warrant Stock issued pursuant hereto, addressed to such Holder at
its last known address or facsimile number appearing on the books of the Issuer
maintained for such purposes, or with respect to the Issuer, addressed to:

                                      -12-


<PAGE>

         Telenetics Corporation
         39 Parker
         Irvine, California 92618
         Attention: President
         Attention: Chief Financial Officer
         Telecopier: (949) 455-9324
         Telephone: (949) 900-4801

with copies (which copies shall not constitute notice to the Company) to:

         Rutan & Tucker, LLP
         611 Anton Boulevard, Suite 1400
         Costa Mesa, California 92626
         Attention: Larry A. Cerutti, Esq.
         Telecopier: (714) 546-9035
         Telephone: (714) 641-5100

Any party hereto may from time to time change its address for notices by giving
at least ten (10) days written notice of such changed address to the other party
hereto.

14.      WARRANT AGENT.

         The Issuer may, by written notice to each Holder of this Warrant,
appoint an agent having an office in New York, New York for the purpose of
issuing shares of Warrant Stock on the exercise of this Warrant pursuant to
subsection (b) of SECTION 2 hereof, exchanging this Warrant pursuant to
subsection (d) of SECTION 2 hereof or replacing this Warrant pursuant to
subsection (d) of SECTION 3 hereof, or any of the foregoing, and thereafter any
such issuance, exchange or replacement, as the case may be, shall be made at
such office by such agent.

15.      REMEDIES.

         The Issuer stipulates that the remedies at law of the Holder of this
Warrant in the event of any default or threatened default by the Issuer in the
performance of or compliance with any of the terms of this Warrant are not and
will not be adequate and that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, such
terms may be specifically enforced by a decree for the specific performance of
any agreement contained herein or by an injunction against a violation of any of
the terms hereof or otherwise.

16.      SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.

         This Warrant and the rights evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit
of and be binding upon the successors and assigns of the Issuer, the Holder
hereof and (to the extent provided herein) the Holders of Warrant Stock issued
pursuant hereto, and shall be enforceable by any such Holder or Holder of
Warrant Stock.

                                      -13-





<PAGE>

17.      MODIFICATION AND SEVERABILITY.

         If, in any action before any court or agency legally empowered to
enforce any provision contained herein, any provision hereof is found to be
unenforceable, then such provision shall be deemed modified to the extent
necessary to make it enforceable by such court or agency. If any such provision
is not enforceable as set forth in the preceding sentence, the unenforceability
of such provision shall not affect the other provisions of this Warrant, but
this Warrant shall be construed as if such unenforceable provision had never
been contained herein.
18. HEADINGS.

         The headings of the Sections of this Warrant are for convenience of
reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has executed this Warrant as of the day
and year first above written.

                                                     TELENETICS CORPORATION

                                                     By:
                                                        ------------------------
                                                          Name:  David L. Stone
                                                          Title:  President

                                      -14-





<PAGE>

                                  EXERCISE FORM

                             TELENETICS CORPORATION

The undersigned _______________, pursuant to the provisions of the within
Warrant, hereby elects to purchase _____ shares of common stock of Telenetics
Corporation covered by the within Warrant.

Dated: _________________                  Signature ____________________________

                                          Address ______________________________
                                                  ______________________________

                                   ASSIGNMENT

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, _________________ hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto
__________________ the within Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby and does
irrevocably constitute and appoint _____________, attorney, to transfer the said
Warrant on the books of the within named corporation.

Dated: _________________                  Signature ____________________________

                                          Address ______________________________
                                                  ______________________________

                               PARTIAL ASSIGNMENT

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, _________________ hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto
__________________ the right to purchase _________ shares of Warrant Stock
evidenced by the within Warrant together with all rights therein, and does
irrevocably constitute and appoint ___________________, attorney, to transfer
that part of the said Warrant on the books of the within named corporation.

Dated: _________________                  Signature ____________________________

                                          Address ______________________________
                                                  ______________________________

                           FOR USE BY THE ISSUER ONLY:

This Warrant No. W-_____ canceled (or transferred or exchanged) this _____ day
of ___________, _____, shares of the Company's common stock issued therefor in
the name of _______________, Warrant No. W-_____ issued for ____ shares of the
Company's common stock in the name of _______________.

                                      -15-








</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
