
                                  EXHIBIT 99.1

Swiss Medica Announces Chief Financial Officer Appointment
Tuesday December 28, 8:00 am ET

TORONTO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 28, 2004--Swiss Medica Inc. (OTC BB: SWME - News)

Chief Executive Officer Raghu Kilambi is pleased to announce the appointment of
Bruce Fairbairn as Swiss Medica's Chief Financial Officer, effective
immediately. "Mr. Fairbairn has been Swiss Medica's Controller (part-time) since
June 2003, controlling costs and building the accounting and budgeting systems,"
said Raghu Kilambi. "Mr. Fairbairn will take over full-time duties as Chief
Financial Officer while I continue as CEO. With Swiss Medica's expanded launch
into the United States, I will focus my CEO duties on overall corporate
performance, marketing strategies, corporate finance, investor relations and
public relations as we move into an accelerated growth phase during 2005."

Bruce Fairbairn brings nearly 30 years of proven experience as a financial
analyst, internal auditor and Chief Financial Officer. After graduating from
McGill University with a Bachelors degree in Commerce, Mr. Fairbairn served in
various financial capacities at the Canadian subsidiaries of NYSE-listed
companies such as Crane Company and Alcan Inc. He has also served as Chief
Financial Officer or in a senior financial position for privately owned firms,
such as Air Niagara, Range Transportation and Evergreen Peripherals.

Bruce Fairbairn said, "I am delighted to be joining such a vibrant team as we
continue to launch a product that is not only effective, but is also a safe and
natural solution to a problem affecting millions of people. This is a rare
opportunity that I could not resist."

About Swiss Medica Inc.

Swiss Medica commercializes proprietary bioscience products that relieve chronic
ailments. We increase our market share through focused distribution strategies
in multiple sales channels. Swiss Medica's mission is to be a world leader in
the commercialization of life enhancing bioscience products that improve quality
of lives. Please visit our websites at www.swissmedica.com and www.O24zone.com

Swiss Medica's flagship product, the O24(TM) Essential Oil Pain Neutralizer,
holds US Patent #6,444,238B1. The O24(TM) pain relief solution has been used,
recommended and praised for its fast-acting and long-lasting benefits by
healthcare professionals in the United States, Canada and in Europe. O24 is
widely available throughout Canada in leading pharmacies and natural food
stores. It is available in Happy Harry's Discount Drugstores in the United
States, and elsewhere by visiting www.O24zone.com, for ordering details and
store locators.

Forward-looking statements in this news release are made pursuant to the "Safe
Harbor" provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve
risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, risks relating to the
ability to close transactions being contemplated, risks related to international
sales and potential foreign currency exchange fluctuations, continued acceptance
of Swiss Medica's products, increased levels of competition, technological
changes, dependence on intellectual property rights and other risks detailed
from time to time in Swiss Medica's periodic reports filed with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission and other regulatory authorities.


Swiss Medica Inc. (OTC Bulletin Board:SWME - News)
Contact:

     Swiss Medica
     Investor Relations Contact: David Jones
     1 (866) 485-4243
     OR
     Blue Skye PR, Inc.
     Press Contact: Sky Wallen
     (813) 732-6869
     blueskyeinc@yahoo.com

                                       4


