


Exhibit 99.1 Press Release Dated December 22, 2004

                  ZUNICOM, INC. ANNOUNCES UNIVERSAL POWER GROUP
                  ---------------------------------------------
                 OBTAINS REPLACEMENT FINANCING WITH COMPASS BANK
                 -----------------------------------------------

CARROLLTON, TX - (PR NEWSWIRE) - December 22, 2004 - Zunicom, Inc. (OTCBB:ZNCM),
parent company to Universal Power Group, Inc. and AlphaNet  Hospitality Systems,
Inc., today announced that Universal  entered into a loan agreement with Compass
Bank to replace its current  lender,  GE Commercial  Credit,  with a $12 million
revolving line of credit at more favorable  interest rates,  lower fees, greater
borrowing  availability  and other improved terms.  The revolving line of credit
will be secured by the assets of Universal  including  accounts  receivable  and
inventory.

Ian  Edmonds,  Executive  Vice  President  of Zunicom,  noted,  "We have been in
ongoing  negotiations with various lenders to obtain better terms on Universal's
credit  line,  and are  pleased  that  Compass  Bank has come to the table  with
favorable  terms and a local  banking  presence.  We look forward to an exciting
long term  relationship  with Compass as we continue to grow our Universal Power
Group business."

About Zunicom, Inc.

Headquartered  in  Carrollton,  Texas,  Zunicom  (www.zunicom.com)  manages  two
wholly-owned subsidiaries, Universal Power Group, Inc., and AlphaNet Hospitality
Systems, Inc. The Zunicom Group of Companies currently has over 70 employees.

Zunicom's operations through Universal Power Group (www.universalpowergroup.com)
encompass the  importation,  sale and distribution of portable power and related
portable-powered  products to multiple industries  including medical,  security,
mobility,  consumer,  industrial  and  more.  In  addition,  Universal  provides
third-party fulfillment,  procurement and logistics support services.  Universal
is one of the leading  distributors of sealed lead acid batteries in the nation,
and Universal's products are sold to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and
distributors  for use in the  manufacture and sale of  high-technology  products
such  as  computers,  medical  instrumentation,   uninterruptible  power  supply
systems,  and security  equipment.  Universal also provides  value-added  custom
battery pack assembly services.  Universal's  business offerings are broken down
into  the  following  groupings:  Universal  Battery,  Universal  Mobility,  and
Universal Security Distribution.  Some of Universal's customers include Academy,
Cabela's,  ComCast Cable, Cox Communications,  Radio Shack, Protection One, Time
Warner, Brink's Home Security, The Scooter Store, and Pride Mobility.

Zunicom's operations through AlphaNet (www.alphanet.net) consists of the sale of
business  communication,   productivity,   connectivity  and  wireless  internet
solutions to the hospitality industry through licensing  agreements.  AlphaNet's
product  offerings  include The InnRoom Business  Center(TM),  a private in-room
facsimile and printing service; The Office(TM),  a 24-hour unattended self-serve
credit card activated hotel business center  providing hotel guests with 24-hour
convenient access to various business office services; the Laptop Connect(TM), a
service  which allows hotel guests the ability to connect  their laptops to high
speed  internet  access points located within the hotel by connecting a supplied


                                Exhibit 99.1 - 1
<PAGE>

cable.  Laptop  Connect(TM);  and the  WaveLan(TM),  a service that  essentially
enables hotels to provide their guests with public area wireless internet access
in any number of locations including lobbies,  meeting rooms,  lounges, bars and
restaurants.  AlphaNet  has over 200 hotel  clients  in the United  States  that
represent  more  than  20  brands,  such  as  Hyatt,  Hilton,  Intercontinental,
Starwood,  Marriott,  Omni and  Kimpton.  In  addition,  AlphaNet  licenses  its
products and services to other countries outside of the United States.

This release  contains a number of  forward-looking  statements  concerning  the
current  expectations  as to future  results of  operations,  future  growth and
future performance of Zunicom, Inc. within the meaning of The Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially depending on
the various factors set forth under the caption "Forward-Looking  Statements" in
the company's  annual  report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2003
and accordingly, should be read in conjunction with the company's SEC filings.

                      FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE CONTACT
                           ZUNICOM INVESTOR RELATIONS
                       469-892.1200, rhenesey@zunicom.com





































                                Exhibit 99.1 - 2


