
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1

  ElkCorp Announces Improved Outlook for its Second Fiscal Quarter;
    Company Expects an Improvement of At Least 33 Percent Over its
                      Previous Quarterly Guidance

    DALLAS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 22, 2004--ElkCorp (NYSE:ELK)
announced today it expects earnings for its second fiscal quarter,
ending Dec. 31, 2004, to exceed the current guidance of $0.44 to $0.46
per diluted share by at least $0.15 per diluted share, bringing
expectations to approximately $0.60 per diluted share or more for the
quarter. The increased earnings expectations for the second quarter
are primarily due to improved pricing and increased volume for roofing
products across the majority of its markets, particularly in the
Southeastern region, as well as improved productivity at all plants,
assisting the Company in offsetting increasing transportation expenses
and continued high asphalt costs.
    "Since issuing guidance in October, we have seen demand in the
Southeast pick up more rapidly than we had anticipated and have seen
pricing for our products strengthen in the majority of our markets
throughout the country," commented Thomas Karol, chairman and chief
executive officer of ElkCorp. "Additionally, the improvements in
productivity we continue to make at all of our plants have assisted us
in better servicing the storm affected areas, including the successful
ramp-up of our new Tuscaloosa facility that continues to exceed our
original expectations."
    ElkCorp will release the results for its second fiscal quarter,
following the close of market on Jan. 20, 2005. The company will also
host a conference call to further discuss its earnings and operations
for the quarter as well as its expectations for fiscal year 2005 at
11:00 a.m. Eastern Time on Jan. 21, 2005.

    About ElkCorp

    ElkCorp, through its subsidiaries, manufactures Elk brand premium
roofing and building products (over 90% of consolidated sales) and
provides technologically advanced products and services to other
industries. Each of ElkCorp's principal operating subsidiaries is a
leader within its particular market. Its common stock is listed on the
New York Stock Exchange (ticker symbol: ELK). See www.elkcorp.com for
more information.

    Safe Harbor Provisions

    In accordance with the safe harbor provisions of the securities
law regarding forward-looking statements, in addition to the
historical information contained herein, the above discussion contains
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The
statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These statements usually are accompanied by words
such as "optimistic," "outlook," "believe," "estimate," "potential,"
"project," "expect," "anticipate," "plan," "predict," "could,"
"should," "may," "likely," or similar words that convey the
uncertainty of future events or outcomes. These statements are based
on judgments the company believes are reasonable; however, ElkCorp's
actual results could differ materially from those discussed here.
Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences could
include, but are not limited to, changes in demand, prices, raw
material costs, transportation costs, changes in economic conditions
of the various markets the company serves, changes in the amount and
severity of inclement weather, acts of God, war or terrorism, as well
as the other risks detailed herein, and in the company's reports filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited
to, its Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2004, and
subsequent Forms 8-K and 10-Q.
    At ElkCorp's sole discretion, it may publicly disclose its
estimates, projections or other guidance relating to the company's
future earnings, performance or operations. If and when provided, such
guidance constitutes forward-looking statements as described above and
will speak only as of the date made. ElkCorp undertakes no obligation
to update any guidance.

    CONTACT: ElkCorp
             Stephanie Elwood, 972-851-0472

