

                                  Exhibit 99.1

                             Financial Update by CFO

                                December 22, 2004


As is usual for the third month of a quarter, we currently have quite a few
systems in various stages of installation and test at customer sites. Depending
on the amount of time it takes to complete these efforts, acceptance and revenue
could occur either this quarter or next. In particular, the two Asia/Pacific
advanced packaging customers mentioned in last month's CFO update are currently
in the install/acceptance process. We won't know if either or both will be able
to be recorded as revenue this quarter until after Christmas. In addition, two
North American nanotechnology customers were anticipated to provide turns
revenue this quarter. However, both customers were dependent on government
funding which has now been delayed until next quarter. In light of the above, we
are now anticipating revenue for 4Q04 to be flat to down 20% sequentially from
3Q04. Gross margin looks to be in a range of 48%-50%, based on the projected
product mix for the quarter. Operating margin for 4Q04 looks to be in a range of
(5%) to 5%. We continue to anticipate an estimated income tax amount of about
$600k, driven by corporate income taxes on our operations in Japan. Earnings per
share (diluted) for 4Q04 are projected in a range of ($0.05)-$0.10. Cash flow is
still expected to be negative, as we continue to fund R&D and construction
efforts needed in ramping up activities for our laser processing commitments, in
addition to an expected increase in accounts receivable due to non-linear
shipments during the quarter.

For the full year of 2005, we have just completed the process of finalizing our
2005 budget. As a result, annual revenue growth could still achieve on the order
of 20%-25% compared with 2004, consistent with last month's CFO update. Gross
margin looks to be around 48%-49%, based on the projected product mix for the
year, with the goal still to achieve 50% for the year. Operating margin for the
year looks to be in a range of about 5%-7%, the change from last month's update
being primarily due to increased costs for meeting our increased laser
processing commitments. The projected tax rate for the year still looks to be
about 10%, driven primarily by corporate income taxes of our operations in
Japan. Earnings per share (diluted) for the year are projected in a range of
$0.35-$0.45. Cash flow for the year is still anticipated to be positive.


Safe Harbor Statement
- ---------------------
Certain of the statements contained herein may be considered forward-looking
statements under Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that involve
risks and uncertainties, such as the cyclicality in the nanotechnology and
semiconductor industries, delays, deferrals and cancellations of orders by
customers, pricing pressures, competition, lengthy sales cycles for the
company's systems, ability to volume produce systems and meet customer
requirements, the mix of products sold, dependence on new product introductions
and commercial success of any new products, integration and development of the
laser thermal processing operation, sole or limited sources of supply,
international sales, customer concentration, manufacturing inefficiencies and
absorption levels, risks associated with introducing new technologies, inventory
obsolescence, economic and political conditions in Asia, delays in collecting
accounts receivable, extended payment terms, changes in technologies, the
outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) and any adverse effects of
terrorist attacks or military actions in the United States or elsewhere on the
economy in general or our business in particular. Such risks and uncertainties
are described in the company's SEC reports including the company's Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003 and its Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 2, 2004.

