
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1

                                State of Alabama
                       Judicial Department - Circuit Court
                  Forty-First Judicial Circuit - Blount County

                          CIVIL ACTION NO. CV - 00- 268

M. LEWIS BENSON, ET AL.
                                                                      PLAINTIFFS

                                       VS.

COMMUNITY BANCSHARES, INC., ET AL.
                                                                      DEFENDANTS

                                       AND

                          CIVIL ACTION NO. CV -- 03-319

JOHN M. PACKARD, JR., ET AL.
                                                                      PLAINTIFFS

VS.

SHEFFIELD ELECTRICAL CONTRACTORS, INC., ET AL.
                                                                      DEFENDANTS

                         Pro Tanto Settlement Agreement

      The parties principally involved in these lawsuits have reached an
agreement -- contingent upon its approval by the Circuit Court of Blount County,
Alabama after all appropriate notices, and upon its not being altered (except as
hereafter appears) in any appellate proceeding -- to settle, pro tanto, these
lawsuits.

      This is a statement of the terms of that agreement.

      1) This agreement cannot be construed or represented as an admission or
other evidence of liability.

      2) The defendants making this settlement are all of the individual
defendants in this case (known hereinafter as the "Director Defendants") except
for Kennon R. Patterson, Sr., Jimmy Childers, and Dewey Hamaker.

      3) The defendants Edward Ferguson, Denny G. Kelly, Hodge Patterson, Kennon
R. Patterson, Jr., Merritt Robbins, Loy McGruder, Robert O. Summerford, and
Bishop K. Walker, Jr., no longer serve as Directors of either Community Bank or
of Community Bancshares, Inc.,

<PAGE>

but are included as "Director Defendants" in the text herein.

      4) Larry Bishop is not a Director Defendant but is a person included in
this settlement agreement. As a part of this agreement, Bishop agrees that he
will not seek or accept employment in the future by any federally insured
financial institution and will execute a written statement to that effect for
delivery to the regulatory agencies affected. Larry Bishop also will release the
named derivative plaintiffs, Community Bank, Community Bancshares, Inc., and the
Director Defendants from any and all claims of whatsoever nature; Community Bank
and Community Bancshares, Inc., (for themselves and on behalf of their past and
present officers, directors, and agents) will release Larry Bishop from any and
all claims of whatsoever nature.

      5) On behalf of the Director Defendants, the sum of One Million Six
Hundred Seventy-five Thousand Dollars ($1,675,000.00) will be paid by their
insurance carrier, subject to the approval of the Court, as follows:

a)    $1,035,000.00 (but not more than that) to Maynard, Cooper & Gale as and
      for their fees and expenses as attorneys for the derivative plaintiffs in
      both pending lawsuits;

b)    $625,000 to Community Bank and/or Community Bancshares, Inc. (as they may
      between themselves allocate) as damages recovered by them for both
      actions; and,

c)    $5,000.00 each (for a total payment of $15,000.00) to the derivative
      plaintiffs, viz., Dr. Packard, Dr. Mann, and Dr. and Mrs. Benson
      (jointly), in recognition of their service as named plaintiffs on behalf
      of the corporations, and as compensation for any individual claims
      asserted in these two actions only. The derivative plaintiffs will release
      no personal claims against Community Bank and Community Bancshares, Inc.,
      other than those set out in the two captioned cases.

      6) If the Court sets the amount of the fee and expenses to be paid to
Maynard, Cooper & Gale as counsel for the derivative plaintiffs at a sum less
than the $1,035,000 paid for that purpose, the derivative plaintiffs and their
counsel have the right to appeal such lesser award. The right to appeal the
award of a fee and expenses less than the agreed amount shall not affect in any
other respect the validity and finality of any judgment of the Circuit Court of
Blount County, Alabama, approving the settlement.

      7) The Director Defendants (by and through their insurance company) shall
pay the agreed amount to those entitled to receive it the next business day
following the expiration of the time for taking an appeal from an order of the
Circuit Court of Blount County, Alabama approving this settlement. Payment of
the agreed amount shall fully and completely release the Director Defendants and
Larry Bishop from any and all further liability herein.

      8) If any shareholder or other affected party to these lawsuits files an
appeal, before the expiration of the time for taking an appeal, from an order of
the Circuit Court of Blount County, Alabama, approving this settlement, then the
payments called for by this settlement shall be paid to those entitled to
receive them not later than five (5) business days following the entry of a
final order in the appeals courts affirming the order of the Circuit Court of
Blount County, Alabama, approving this settlement.

      9) If an appeal is taken with respect to the amount of the payment to
Maynard, Cooper & Gale for its fee and expenses and, after the final action of
any appellate court, there remains any difference between the amount awarded and
or fixed after any such appeal, then and in that case any such remaining balance
of the payment contemplated in Section 5, above, shall be paid to

<PAGE>

Community Bank as its additional damages herein.

      10) In exchange for the above, all Bank-related defendants (i. e,
Community Bancshares, Inc., Community Bank, all Director Defendants, and Larry
Bishop) save and except Kennon R. Patterson, Sr., will be dismissed with
prejudice from these two actions.

      11) Community Bank shall be realigned as party plaintiff in the two
actions to pursue, to the extent that it deems appropriate and in the best
interests of the Bank and Community Bancshares, Inc., any remaining defendants,
the derivative plaintiffs shall be dismissed as parties to the two actions, and
the lawsuits shall proceed thenceforth as regular civil actions and not as
derivative lawsuits.

      12) All parties to this agreement will give their best efforts to
accomplish the settlement so soon as practicable.

      13) This Settlement Agreement is conditioned upon and entered into in
anticipation of the settlement and dismissal of the action styled Community Bank
and Community Bancshares, Inc., vs. Travelers Casualty & Surety Company of
America now pending as CV 04-BE-2885-S in the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Alabama, Southern Division, the consequential dismissal
of all third-party and other ancillary claims against the Director Defendants
and Larry Bishop therein pending, and Travelers' Motion for Leave to Intervene
in these actions. The parties are informed that an agreement to accomplish that
result has been reached as of 21st December, 2004, between Community Bank and
Community Bancshares, Inc., on the one hand, and Travelers Casualty & Surety
Company of America on the other. Should that settlement fail to be accomplished,
then this Pro Tanto Settlement Agreement will become ineffective.

      Witness our hands this the 22nd day of December, 2004.

/s/ Henry E. Simpson         /s/ P. Scott Arnston        /s/ Carl S. Burkhalter
- --------------------         --------------------        ----------------------
Henry E. Simpson             P. Scott Arnston            Carl S. Burkhalter
Attorney for the Director    Attorney for Larry Bishop   Attorney for the
Defendants                                               Derivative Plaintiffs

/s/ James D. Pruett
- -------------------
James D. Pruett
Larry B. Childs
Randall B. Quarles
Attorneys for Community
Bank and Community
Bancshares, Inc.,

