

                                  EXHIBIT 10.1

                            FRANKLIN RESOURCES, INC.
                       2002 UNIVERSAL STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN
                        RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT

This Restricted Stock Award Agreement (this "Agreement") is made as of the Award
Date set forth in the Notice of  Restricted  Stock Award (the "Notice of Award")
between  Franklin  Resources,  Inc. (the  "Company") and the  Participant  named
therein ("Participant").

                                   WITNESSETH:

     WHEREAS,  the Board of  Directors  of the Company has adopted the  Franklin
Resources,   Inc.  2002  Universal  Stock  Incentive  Plan  (the  "2002  Plan"),
authorizing  the grant of common  stock of the  Company  ("Stock")  to  eligible
individuals in connection  with the  performance of services for the Company and
its Subsidiaries,  as defined in said 2002 Plan, which is incorporated herein by
this  reference  (capitalized  terms used but not defined in this Agreement have
the meaning set forth in the 2002 Plan); and

     WHEREAS, the Company recognizes the efforts of Participant on behalf of the
Company  and  its   Subsidiaries   and  desires  to  motivate   Participant   in
Participant's  work and  provide an  inducement  to remain in the service of the
Company and its Subsidiaries; and

     WHEREAS,  the Company has determined  that it would be to the advantage and
in the interest of the Company and its  shareholders to award the Stock provided
for in this Agreement to Participant,  subject to restrictions,  as a reward and
an incentive for increased efforts and successful achievements;

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the  foregoing  premises and of the
mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

     1. RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD. The Company is issuing to Participant  shares of
Stock as set  forth  in the  Notice  of  Award,  subject  to the  rights  of and
limitations on Participant as owner thereof as set forth in this Agreement. Such
shares are being  issued in book entry form and  maintained  on the books of the
Bank of New York, the Company's  transfer agent, or any successor  thereto.  All
shares of Stock issued  hereunder shall be deemed issued to Participant as fully
paid and non  assessable  shares,  and  Participant  shall  have all rights of a
shareholder  with  respect  thereto,  including  the right to vote,  to  receive
dividends  (including stock dividends),  to participate in stock splits or other
recapitalizations,  and to exchange  such shares in a merger,  consolidation  or
other reorganization. The Company shall pay any applicable stock transfer taxes.
Participant  hereby  acknowledges that Participant is acquiring the Stock issued
hereunder for investment and not with a view to the  distribution  thereof,  and
that  Participant  does not intend to  subdivide  Participant's  interest in the
Stock with any other person.


<PAGE>

     2. TRANSFER RESTRICTION.

     (a) No Stock issued to Participant hereunder shall be sold,  transferred by
gift,  pledged,  hypothecated,  or  otherwise  transferred  or  disposed  of  by
Participant prior to the date on which it becomes vested under paragraph 3. This
paragraph  shall not preclude  Participant  from  exchanging  the Stock  awarded
hereunder  pursuant to a cash or stock tender offer,  merger,  reorganization or
consolidation.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  any securities  (including stock
dividends and stock  splits)  received with respect to shares of Stock which are
not yet vested  under  paragraph  3 shall be subject to the  provisions  of this
Agreement  in the same manner and shall  become fully vested at the same time as
the Stock with respect to which such additional securities were issued.

     (b) Participant acknowledges that, from time to time, the Company may be in
a "Blackout  Period"  and/or  subject to applicable  securities  laws that could
subject the Participant to liability for engaging in any  transaction  involving
the sale of the Company's shares.  Participant  further  acknowledges and agrees
that,  prior  to the  sale  of any  shares  acquired  under  this  Award,  it is
Participant's  responsibility  to  determine  whether or not such sale of shares
will subject  Participant  to liability  under  insider  trading  rules or other
applicable securities laws.

     3. VESTING.

     (a)  Participant's  interest in the Stock awarded  under  paragraph 1 shall
become vested and  nonforfeitable in accordance with the Vesting Schedule in the
Notice  of  Award  so long as  Participant  maintains  continuous  status  as an
Employee of the Company or a Subsidiary. Upon vesting, the Company shall, within
thirty  (30) days of such  vesting,  deliver  to  Participant  the  certificates
evidencing the nonforfeitable shares,  provided the withholding  requirements of
paragraph 4 have been satisfied.

     (b) If Participant  ceases to maintain  continuous status as an Employee of
the  Company  or any of its  Subsidiaries  for any  reason  other  than death or
disability (as described in subparagraph (c)), all shares of Stock to the extent
not yet vested under  subparagraph  (a) on the date  Participant  ceases to be a
full-time  employee  shall be forfeited by  Participant  without  payment of any
consideration to Participant therefor. Any shares of Stock so forfeited shall be
canceled and returned to the status of  authorized  but unissued  shares,  to be
held for future distributions by the Company's 2002 Plan.

     (c) If Participant  dies or in the event of  termination  of  Participant's
continuous status as an Employee as a result of disability (as determined by the
Board in accordance with the policies of the Company) while a full-time employee
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,  Participant's interest in all shares
of Stock awarded  hereunder shall become fully vested and  nonforfeitable  as of
the date of death or  termination  of employment on account of such  disability.
Unless changed by the Board, "disability" means that Participant ceases to be an
employee on account of permanent  and total  disability as a result of which the
Participant  shall be  eligible  for  payments  under  the  Company's  long term
disability policy.

<PAGE>

     4. WITHHOLDING OF TAXES.

     (a) GENERAL. Participant is ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes
owed by  Participant  in connection  with the Stock  awarded,  regardless of any
action the  Company  or any of its  Subsidiaries  takes with  respect to any tax
withholding obligations that arise in connection with the Stock awarded. Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries  makes any representation or undertaking
regarding the treatment of any tax  withholding in connection  with the grant or
vesting  of the Stock  awarded  or the  subsequent  sale of any of the shares of
Stock.  The  Company  and  its  Subsidiaries  do not  commit  and are  under  no
obligation  to  structure  the award to reduce or  eliminate  Participant's  tax
liability.

        (b) Payment of Withholding  Taxes. Prior to any event in connection with
the Stock awarded (E.G.,  vesting) that the Company determines may result in any
tax  withholding  obligation,  whether United States  federal,  state,  local or
non-U.S.,   including  any  employment  tax  obligation  (the  "Tax  Withholding
Obligation"),  Participant  must  arrange  for the  satisfaction  of the minimum
amount of such Tax Withholding Obligation in a manner acceptable to the Company.

          (i) BY SHARE WITHHOLDING. Unless Participant determines to satisfy the
Tax  Withholding  Obligation by some other means in accordance with clause (iii)
below,  Participant  authorizes  the  Company  (in  the  exercise  of  its  sole
discretion) to withhold from those shares of Stock  issuable to Participant  the
whole  number of  shares  sufficient  to  satisfy  the  minimum  applicable  Tax
Withholding  Obligation.  Participant  acknowledges that the withheld shares may
not be sufficient to satisfy Participant's  minimum Tax Withholding  Obligation.
Accordingly, Participant agrees to pay to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
as soon as practicable,  including through additional payroll  withholding,  any
amount  of  the  Tax  Withholding  Obligation  that  is  not  satisfied  by  the
withholding of shares described above.  Share withholding will generally be used
to satisfy the minimum Tax Withholding  Obligation of individuals subject to the
short-swing profit  restrictions of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended.

          (ii) BY SALE OF SHARES.  Unless Participant  determines to satisfy the
Tax  Withholding  Obligation by some other means in accordance with clause (iii)
below,  Participant's acceptance of the Stock awarded constitutes  Participant's
instruction and  authorization  to the Company and any brokerage firm determined
acceptable  to the Company for such  purpose to sell on  Participant's  behalf a
whole number of shares from those shares of Stock issuable to Participant as the
Company  determines to be  appropriate  to generate cash proceeds  sufficient to
satisfy the minimum applicable Tax Withholding  Obligation.  Such shares will be
sold on the day such Tax Withholding Obligation arises (E.G., a vesting date) or
as soon  thereafter as  practicable.  Participant  will be  responsible  for all
broker's fees and other costs of sale, and  Participant  agrees to indemnify and
hold the Company harmless from any losses,  costs, damages, or expenses relating
to any such sale.  To the extent the proceeds of such sale exceed  Participant's
minimum Tax  Withholding  Obligation,  the Company  agrees to pay such excess in
cash to Participant.  Participant  acknowledges that the Company or its designee
is under no obligation  to arrange for such sale at any  particular  price,  and
that  the  proceeds  of  any  such  sale  may  not  be   sufficient  to

<PAGE>

satisfy   Participant's   minimum  Tax  Withholding   Obligation.   Accordingly,
Participant  agrees to pay to the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries as soon as
practicable, including through additional payroll withholding, any amount of the
minimum Tax  Withholding  Obligation that is not satisfied by the sale of shares
described above.

          (iii) BY CHECK,  WIRE  TRANSFER OR OTHER  MEANS.  At any time not less
than five (5) business  days (or such fewer number of days as  determined by the
Committee or its designee) before any Tax Withholding Obligation arises (E.G., a
vesting  date),  Participant  may elect to  satisfy  Participant's  minimum  Tax
Withholding  Obligation  by delivering to the Company an amount that the Company
determines is sufficient  to satisfy the minimum Tax  Withholding  Obligation by
(x) wire  transfer to such account as the Company may direct,  (y) delivery of a
certified  check  payable to the  Company,  or (z) such other means as specified
from time to time by the Committee or its designee.

     5. SUCCESSORS.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the
benefit  of  the  parties  hereto  and  their   respective   heirs,   executors,
administrators,  successors and assigns.  Nothing  contained in the 2002 Plan or
this Agreement  shall be interpreted as imposing any liability on the Company or
the Committee in favor of any  Participant or any purchaser or other  transferee
of Stock with respect to any loss,  cost or expense  which such  Participant  or
purchaser  may incur in  connection  with,  or  arising  out of any  transaction
involving any shares of Stock subject to the 2002 Plan or this Agreement.

     6. INTEGRATION.  The terms of the 2002 Plan and this Agreement are intended
by the Company and  Participant  to be the final  expression of their  agreement
with respect to the shares of Stock and may not be  contradicted  by evidence of
any prior or  contemporaneous  agreement.  The Company and  Participant  further
intend that the 2002 Plan and this Agreement  shall  constitute the complete and
exclusive statement of their terms and that no extrinsic evidence whatsoever may
be  introduced  in any  arbitration,  judicial,  administrative  or other  legal
proceeding involving the 2002 Plan or this Agreement. Accordingly, the 2002 Plan
and this  Agreement  contain  the entire  understanding  between the parties and
supersede  all prior  oral,  written  and  implied  agreements,  understandings,
commitments and practices among the parties.

     7. WAIVERS. Any failure to enforce any terms or conditions of the 2002 Plan
or this Agreement by the Company or by Participant  shall not be deemed a waiver
of that term or condition,  nor shall any waiver or  relinquishment of any right
or power for all or any other times.

     8.  SEVERABILITY  OF PROVISIONS.  If any provision of the 2002 Plan or this
Agreement   shall  be  held  invalid  or   unenforceable,   such  invalidity  or
unenforceability shall not affect any other provision thereof; and the 2002 Plan
and this  Agreement  shall be  construed  and  enforced  as if  neither  of them
included such provision.

     9. COMMITTEE DECISIONS  CONCLUSIVE.  All decisions of the Committee arising
under the 2002 Plan or under this Agreement shall be conclusive.

<PAGE>

     10.  MANDATORY  ARBITRATION.  To the extent  permitted  by law, any dispute
arising  out  of or  relating  to  this  Agreement,  including  its  meaning  or
interpretation,  shall be resolved  solely by  arbitration  before an arbitrator
selected in accordance with the rules of the American  Arbitration  Association.
The  location  for  the  arbitration  shall  be  in  the  county  or  comparable
jurisdiction of Participant's employment.  Judgment on the award rendered may be
entered in any court having jurisdiction. Each party shall pay an equal share of
the  arbitrator's  fees.  All statutes of  limitation  which would  otherwise be
applicable shall apply to any arbitration  proceeding under this paragraph.  The
provisions  of this  paragraph  are  intended by  Participant  and Company to be
exclusive for all purposes and applicable to any and all disputes arising out of
or relating to this Agreement.  The arbitrator who hears and decides any dispute
shall have jurisdiction and authority only to award compensatory damages to make
whole a person or entity sustaining foreseeable economic damages, and, shall not
have  jurisdiction and authority to make any other award of any type,  including
without limitation, punitive damages, unforeseeable economic damage, damages for
pain, suffering or emotional distress, or any other kind or form of damages. The
remedy, if any, awarded by the arbitrator shall be the sole and exclusive remedy
for any dispute which is subject to arbitration under this paragraph.

     11.  DELAWARE  LAW. The 2002 Plan,  the Notice of Award and this  Agreement
shall be construed  and enforced  according to the laws of the State of Delaware
to the extent not preempted by the federal laws of the United States of America.


<PAGE>



                            FRANKLIN RESOURCES, INC.
                       2002 UNIVERSAL STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN
                        NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD
                        --------------------------------


     Participant's Name:
     Address:




     Franklin  Resources,  Inc.  (the  "Company")  recognizes  your  efforts and
contributions on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries and, as a reward and
an incentive for increased efforts and successful achievements,  has awarded you
shares of Company  Common  Stock as  described  in the  Restricted  Stock  Award
Agreement  (the "Award  Agreement")  and this Notice of  Restricted  Stock Award
(collectively, the "Award") as follows:

     Award Number                          -------------------------------------

     Award Date                            -------------------------------------

     Grant Price Per Share

     Total Number of Shares Awarded
     (the "Shares")                        -------------------------------------


     VESTING SCHEDULE
     ----------------

[Insert Vesting Information]

     Participant  acknowledges  and agrees that the shares subject to this Award
shall vest only by Participant  continuing employment at the will of the Company
(not  through the act of being  hired,  being  granted  this Award or  acquiring
shares hereunder).  Participant further  acknowledges and agrees that nothing in
this Award nor in the Company's 2002 Universal  Stock  Incentive Plan (the "2002
Plan"),  which is incorporated  herein by this reference,  affects the Company's
right to terminate,  or to change the terms of, the Participant's  employment at
any time, with or without cause.

     Participant  acknowledges  that, from time to time, the Company may be in a
"Blackout  Period"  and/or  subject  to  applicable  securities  laws that could
subject the Participant to liability for engaging in any  transaction  involving
the sale of the Company's shares.  Participant  further  acknowledges and agrees
that,  prior  to the  sale  of any  shares  acquired  under  this  Award,  it is
Participant's  responsibility  to  determine  whether or not such sale of shares
will subject  Participant  to liability  under  insider  trading  rules or other
applicable securities laws.


<PAGE>

     Participant  understands that the Award is subject to Participant's consent
to  access  the  2002  Plan  prospectus,  the 2002  Plan,  the  Award  Agreement
(collectively,  the "2002 Plan Documents") in electronic form through the People
Page on the Company's Intranet.  By signing below and accepting the grant of the
Award,  you: (i) consent to access electronic copies (instead of receiving paper
copies) of the 2002 Plan  Documents via the Company's  Intranet;  (ii) represent
that you have access to the Company's  Intranet;  (iii)  acknowledge  receipt of
electronic copies, or that you are already in possession of paper copies, of the
2002 Plan Documents and the Company's [2003] Annual Report; and (iv) acknowledge
that you are  familiar  with and  accept  the  Award  subject  to the  terms and
provisions of the 2002 Plan Documents.

     Participant  may  receive  paper  copies  of the  2002  Plan  Documents  by
requesting  them in writing  addressed to Stock  Administration  at One Franklin
Parkway, San Mateo, CA 94403-1906.

     In  the  event  of  my  death,  I  hereby  designate  the  following  as my
beneficiary(ies)  to receive all  payments and shares due to me pursuant to this
Award.  Please note that this designation  applies only to this Award and not to
any prior awards or grants under the 2002 Plan.


        NAME: (Please print):
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    (First)           (Middle)           (Last)

        SSN/SIN/National Tax ID:
                                    --------------------------------------------

        ADDRESS:
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    (Please include Country and Zip/Postal Code)

        TELEPHONE NO.:
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    (Please include Country and/or Area Code)

        RELATIONSHIP:
                                    --------------------------------------------

        PERCENTAGE:
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                     (Enter the % you wish your beneficiary(ies)
                                     to receive)



<PAGE>



     By  your  electronic  signature  and by  the  acceptance  of the  Company's
representative  below, you and the Company agree that the Award is granted under
and  governed  by the  terms  and  conditions  of the 2002  Plan  and the  Award
Agreement.

PARTICIPANT:                                FRANKLIN RESOURCES, INC.

- ---------------------------                 --------------------------------
Participant's Name                          Barbara J. Green, Vice President,
                                            Deputy General Counsel and Secretary

