-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 VYFgTF+xdvyzUwJ7i6qvS8+3M0SQy4VfiuEdeZ1uMw0HDeqzbtoAxnm4puWgom53
 UguZPLaxfUPKl5dc0yBLnw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000930413-04-005856.txt : 20041221
<SEC-HEADER>0000930413-04-005856.hdr.sgml : 20041221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041221172840
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000930413-04-005856
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041217
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NORTH SHORE CAPITAL IV INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001102005
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				541964054
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1215

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30383
		FILM NUMBER:		041218368

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5627 BELVINGTON AVE
		CITY:			SPRINFIELD
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22151
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7033072562

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5627 BELLINGTON AVENUE
		CITY:			SPRINGFIELD
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22151
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>c34848_8k.txt
<TEXT>
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT
                         PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


                                DECEMBER 17, 2004
                                (Date of Report)


                           NORTH SHORE CAPITAL IV INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


          COLORADO                   000-30383                54-1964054
(State or other jurisdiction        (Commission              (IRS Employer
      of incorporation)             File Number)           Identification No.)


                              2209 PERSHING AVENUE
                           SHEBOYGAN, WISCONSIN 53083
                    (Address of principal executive offices)


                                  920-207-7772
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)


                            203 YOAKUM PARKWAY # 916
                       ALEXANDRIA, VIRGINIA 22304 (Former
             name or former address, if changed since last report.)


<PAGE>


SECTION 1 - REGISTRANT'S BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS
         ITEM 1.01  ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT.
SECTION 2 - FINANCIAL INFORMATION
         ITEM 2.01  COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS.
SECTION 3 - SECURITIES AND TRADING MARKETS
         ITEM 3.02  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.
SECTION 5 - CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT
         ITEM 5.01  CHANGES IN CONTROL OF REGISTRANT.
         ITEM 5.02  DEPARTURE OF DIRECTORS OR PRINCIPAL OFFICERS; ELECTION OF
                    DIRECTORS; APPOINTMENT OF PRINCIPAL OFFICERS.
         ITEM 5.03  AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OR BYLAWS; CHANGE
                    IN FISCAL YEAR.
SECTION 8 - OTHER EVENTS
         ITEM 8.01  OTHER EVENTS.


                                     GENERAL

         Effective  as of December  13,  2004,  North Shore  Capital IV Inc.,  a
Colorado  corporation  (the  "REGISTRANT"),  entered  into a Share  Exchange and
Reorganization Agreement (the "EXCHANGE AGREEMENT") with Gridline Communications
Corp., a Delaware corporation  ("GRIDLINE"),  and the beneficial holders thereof
(the "GRIDLINE STOCKHOLDERS"),  which sets forth the terms and conditions of the
business combination of the Registrant and Gridline (the "TRANSACTION") in which
all Gridline  Stockholders  exchange every  2.03151261  (the  "EXCHANGE  RATIO")
shares of Gridline  common stock,  par value $.0001 per share,  held by them for
one share of common stock,  par value $0.001 per share (the "NSC COMMON STOCK"),
of  the  Registrant's   successor  in  interest   ("NSC")   resulting  from  the
Registrant's proposed  reincorporation in Delaware.  The Registrant is effecting
such transaction based upon the exemption from registration  afforded by Section
4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  As a result of the Transaction,
Gridline  shall  become  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Registrant,   and
stockholders of Gridline shall become the  controlling  stockholders of NSC. All
options,  warrants  exercisable for, and securities  convertible into, shares of
Gridline common stock shall, upon the Closing of the Transaction, be exercisable
for such number of shares of NSC Common Stock as the holder  thereof  would have
received if such options and warrants had been  exercised,  or such  convertible
securities  converted,  immediately prior to such Closing. The exercise price of
such  options  and  warrants,  and the  conversion  price  of  such  convertible
securities shall be adjusted by multiplying such price by the Exchange Ratio.

         The Exchange  Agreement  requires the Registrant to change its state of
incorporation  to Delaware  and to increase the number of  authorized  shares to
250,000,000 shares of capital stock to facilitate the Transaction. A copy of the
Exchange  Agreement  is  attached  hereto as  Exhibit  10.1.  The  closing  (the
"Closing") of the Transaction is anticipated to take place during February 2005,
following the satisfaction or waiver of each of the closing conditions set forth
in the  Exchange  Agreement,  including  reincorporation  of the  Registrant  in
Delaware  with an  increased  number of  authorized  shares as required  for the
proposed   Transaction,   approval   by   Registrant's   Stockholders   of  such
reincorporation and proposed  Transaction and completion of all required filings
with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").

         Pursuant  to the  Exchange  Agreement,  the  holders  of  interests  in
Gridline  shall receive an aggregate of  47,600,000  shares of NSC Common Stock.
Giving effect to such issuances and other  required  issuances to consultants at
the Closing,  the holder of interests in Gridline shall hold approximately 95.5%
of the outstanding NSC Common Stock  immediately  following such issuances.  The
Exchange Agreement provides that, at the Closing,  the existing sole director of
the Registrant shall appoint the directors designated by Gridline (collectively,
the  "DESIGNATED  DIRECTORS")  and the  existing


                                      -2-
<PAGE>


director shall then resign.  Thereafter, the Designated Directors shall comprise
the entire Board of Directors of the Registrant.

         The information set forth herein relating to Gridline has been provided
to the Registrant by Gridline for disclosure herein.


                      PRINCIPAL AND MANAGEMENT STOCKHOLDERS

         The following  table sets forth  information as of the date hereof with
respect to the  beneficial  ownership  of the  outstanding  shares of NSC Common
Stock  immediately  prior to and  following the  Transaction  by (i) each person
known by the  Registrant  to  beneficially  own five percent (5%) or more of the
outstanding  shares;  (ii) the  Registrant's  officers and directors;  (iii) the
Registrant's  officers  and  directors  as a  group;  and  (iv)  the  Designated
Directors  who will  replace  the  Registrant's  current  directors  immediately
following the Closing.

         As used in the table below, the term  "BENEFICIAL  OWNERSHIP" means the
sole or shared  power to vote or direct the voting,  or to dispose or direct the
disposition,  of any  security.  A  person  is  deemed  as of any  date  to have
beneficial  ownership  of any  security  that such person has a right to acquire
within 60 days after such date. Except as otherwise indicated,  the stockholders
listed below have sole voting and  investment  powers with respect to the shares
indicated.  For purposes hereof,  beneficial  ownership prior to the Closing has
been determined  assuming  2,247,500 shares of NSC Common Stock  outstanding and
beneficial  ownership  immediately  following  the Closing  has been  determined
assuming 49,847,500 shares of NSC Common Stock outstanding, giving effect to the
Reincorporation Transaction and the issuance of 2.03151261 shares for each share
of the  Registrant  currently  outstanding,  but  without  giving  effect to the
exercise or conversion of options,  warrants and convertible  securities  which,
upon Closing of the  Transaction,  shall be exercisable for shares of NSC Common
Stock.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                  SHARES OF COMMON STOCK                      PERCENTAGE OF CLASS
                                                    BENEFICIALLY OWNED                         BENEFICIALLY OWNED
                                        ----------------------------------------      ------------------------------------
        NAME AND ADDRESS OF                IMMEDIATELY             IMMEDIATELY           IMMEDIATELY       IMMEDIATELY
         BENEFICIAL OWNER                  PRIOR TO THE           FOLLOWING THE         PRIOR TO THE      FOLLOWING THE
                                             CLOSING                 CLOSING               CLOSING           CLOSING
- ------------------------------------    ----------------         ---------------      ---------------    -----------------

<S>                                        <C>                     <C>                    <C>                <C>
Gerard Werner*                             2,200,000                2,200,000             97.9%               3.6%
Blaize N. Kaduru(1)**                              0               10,337,125                0%              20.7%
Duncan E. Wine(2)**                                0               10,337,125                0%              20.7%
Vernon Jackson(3)**                                0               10,337,125                0%              20.7%
Randall H. Miller                                  0                3,445,708                0%               6.9%
Stanford Milnes                                    0                1,230,610                0%               2.5%
Herbert O. Orji, Ph.D.**                           0                  492,244                0%               1.0%
Jamila E. Jefferson**                              0                  492,244                0%               1.0%
George Boitano                                     0                  246,122(4)             0%                  (4)
Matthew Prebeg                                     0                  246,122(4)             0%                  (4)
Adam Berlew                                        0                  246,122(4)             0%                  (4)
Stephen E. Smith, Jr.                              0                  246,122(4)             0%                  (4)
Goldstein & Faucett LLP                            0                  246,122(4)             0%                  (4)
Aventura Holdings                                  0                1,107,601                0%              2.2%(5)
Reich Capital                                      0                1,615,357                0%              3.2%(6)
Avercap                                            0                  1,265,357              0%              2.5%(7)
Helena Wahala                                      0                  2,615,356              0%              5.2%(8)
Laguna Partners I LLC                              0                  3,055,714              0%              6.1%(9)
HaDavar HaNachon LLC                               0                  3,055,713              0%              6.1%(10)
c/o Citigrand Limited
Hong Kong
</TABLE>


                                      -3-
<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<S>                                        <C>                     <C>                    <C>                <C>
All Current Executive Officers and
Directors as a group (one person)
                                           2,200,000                                      97.9%               3.6%

All designated directors and
executive officers
as a group (5 persons)                             0               33,226,473                0%              66.6%
</TABLE>

- ------------------------------------
   *     Indicates current Director.
   **    Indicates Designated Director.

(1)      Mr. Kaduru shall hold of record and beneficially  immediately following
         the Closing  500,000  shares of common stock and  beneficially  owns an
         additional  20,500,000  shares through  Serengeti  Group LP, a Bahamian
         limited partnership controlled by Mr. Kaduru and his family.

(2)      Mr. Wine holds of record and  beneficially  immediately  following  the
         Closing  700,000  shares  of  common  stock  and  beneficially  owns an
         additional  20,300,000  shares  through  Halocom  Group LP, a  Bahamian
         limited partnership controlled by Mr. Wine and his family.

(3)      Vernon Jackson, a director of the company, is the Chairman of the Board
         of Directors,  Chief Executive Officer, and controlling  stockholder of
         iGate, Inc., in the name of which the referenced securities are held.

(4)      Indicates less than one percent.

(5)      Represents  400,000  shares  issuable  upon the  exercise of  warrants,
         215,357  shares  issuable  upon the  conversion  of notes,  and 492,244
         shares of NSC Common Stock.

(6)      Represents  1,400,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants and
         215,357 shares issuable upon the conversion of notes.

(7)      Represents  1,050,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants and
         215,357 shares issuable upon the conversion of notes.

(8)      Represents  2,400,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants and
         215,356 shares issuable upon the conversion of notes.

(9)      Represents  2,625,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants and
         430,714 shares issuable upon the conversion of notes.

(10)     Represents  2,625,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants and
         430,713 shares issuable upon the conversion of notes.

         The Board of  Directors  of the  Registrant  presently  consists of one
member. The Designated Directors will assume office on the date of the Closing.

         The  Designated  Directors  listed  below  have  consented  to  act  as
directors of the Registrant. The Designated Directors will constitute all of the
members of the Board after they are appointed.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AS OF THE CLOSING AND DESIGNATED DIRECTORS

         Set forth below is certain  information with respect to the individuals
to be named director of the Registrant at the Closing and executive  officers of
the Registrant as of the Closing.

NAME                   AGE   POSITION
- ----                   ---   --------
Blaize N. Kaduru        53   President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director
Duncan E. Wine          45   Chairman of the Board of Directors
Vernon L. Jackson       52   Director
Herbert O. Oji, Ph.D.   54   Director
Jamila E. Jefferson     32   Director
Stanford D. Milnes      56   Executive Vice President of Sales/Marketing


         The following is a brief description of the business background of each
of the named director of the Registrant:

         BLAIZE N. KADURU; PRESIDENT, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, AND DIRECTOR. Mr.
Kaduru  co-founded  Gridline  and has served as chief  executive  officer  since
Gridline's  inception on July 1, 2004.  From December 2002 until the founding of
Gridline,  Mr. Kaduru served as President/CEO  of Yaak River Resources,  Inc., a
Colorado Corporation; NASDAQ: YAAKA.OB, now Lifeline Pharmaceutics, Inc.


                                      -4-
<PAGE>


NASDAQ:  LFLT.OB.  From June 1997 to December  2002, he served as Executive Vice
President,  Business Development of Wireless Communications Technology,  Inc., a
spin-off of Prodigy Communications, Inc. From 1993 through June 1997, Mr. Kaduru
was  a  co-founder   and  Senior  Vice   President,   Business   Development  of
International   Wireless,   Inc.,   formerly  Comstar,   Inc.,   ("International
Wireless"),  a U.S.  company that  acquired  and  developed  cellular  telephone
operating  licenses  in a number  of  African  countries,  including  the  first
build-out of a GSM cellular  network (the European  digital cell phone standard)
in  Africa.   During  this  period,   Prodigy   Communications,   Inc.  acquired
International  Wireless,  and in  1998  Mr.  Kaduru  was  named  Executive  Vice
President of  International  Wireless.  Between 1985 and 1993,  Mr. Kaduru was a
consultant  engaged  by a  number  of  Fortune  500  Financial  Services  Firms,
including John Hancock Advisors,  Inc., and American Express Financial Advisors,
Inc. Mr.  Kaduru  served on the City of  Houston's  Mayoral  Advisory  Board for
International Trade Development, a think-tank charged with the responsibility of
sourcing,   advocating,   and  exposing   Houston  to   international   business
opportunities and markets, from 1999 to 2001. Mr. Kaduru holds a Master's Degree
in  Agro  Economics  from  Texas  A & M  University  (1984),  and a  Diploma  in
Telecommunications  Network  Technologies,  from the College of Engineering  and
Applied  Science,  Southern  Methodist  University  (SMU,  2001).  Mr.  Kaduru's
brother-in-law is fellow board member Herbert O. Orji, PhD.

         VERNON L. JACKSON; DIRECTOR,  CO-FOUNDER. Mr. Jackson has served as one
of Gridline's  co-founders  and Directors  since July 1, 2004.  Mr.  Jackson has
founded  and,  since  June  1998,  has  served as the  Chairman  of the Board of
Directors and Chief Executive Officer of iGate, Inc. ("IGATE"),  which pioneered
the development and  implementation  of broadband  communications  over existing
copper wire infrastructure. In 2002, iGate was named as a defendant in JIYUB LEE
V. IGATE,  INC.,  Case No.  1:02CV01392,  in which  plaintiff  made  allegations
concerning a violation of the  District of Columbia  Securities  Act of 2000 and
claimed damages arising out of an unregistered  offering and sale of securities.
This action was settled and resolved  without a judgment  against the defendant;
however,  a default  judgment  was  entered  against  iGate for failure to pay a
settlement  agreement.  On April  19,  2001,  Edward B.  Wilson  filed an action
against iGate and Jack W. White.  This action was settled and resolved without a
judgment against the defendants; however, a default judgment was entered against
iGate and Jack W. White for failure to pay a settlement  agreement.  Mr. Jackson
has over 25 years  experience  in  technology  design  and  implementation  with
expertise in design of video, audio, and data networks inside many of the public
telephone  companies,  including AT&T and the regional bell operating companies,
and customized  private premises  networks.  Over the last 15 years, Mr. Jackson
founded  VideoLan  Technologies,  Inc.,  Universal  Four-Pair,  Inc.,  and  L&LD
Communications,  Inc. Mr. Jackson  co-authored and applied for patent for "Local
Area Network for  Simultaneous,  Bi-directional  Transmission of Video Bandwidth
Signal" for which he was awarded the U.S.  Patent # 5537142 on July 16, 1996. He
was awarded and issued a second U.S.  Patent  #6,240,554 on May 29, 2001 for the
transmission and equalization of broadband  signals over copper telephone lines.
Mr.  Jackson served as officer,  director and founder of VideoLan  Technologies,
Inc., a broadband  technology company that completed its initial public offering
in 1995 and was traded on the NASDAQ  National  Market  Over The  Counter  (OTC)
System  under the symbol  VLNT,  and reached a market  valuation of more than $1
billion during Mr.  Jackson's  service to the Company.  Mr. Jackson  started his
career  with AT&T Bell Labs while  still a high  school  student in  Louisville,
Kentucky.  He earned an Associate  Degree in  Electronics  Engineering  from the
United Electronics  Institute in 1972. Mr. Jackson filed for personal bankruptcy
in 1983.

         DUNCAN E. WINE; CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS. Mr. Wine has served
as Gridline's  Chairman of the Board of Directors since July 1, 2004.  Duncan E.
Wine is founder,  President and Chief Executive Officer of D.E.Wine  Investments
Inc.,  a sixteen  years  old  regional  investments  securities  brokerage  firm
headquartered in Houston,  Texas, with approximately 3,000 customers world-wide.
Mr. Wine has been involved in the  organization  and early stage  financing of a
number of technology and telecommunications companies, including:


                                      -5-
<PAGE>


o        Boston Technology,  Inc., now Comverse Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ: CMVT).
         Boston  Technology,  Inc.  pioneered the  development of central office
         voice-mail systems worldwide. In 1986, Mr. Wine was responsible for the
         initial start-up funding capital for Boston Technology.

o        Dynacq   Healthcare  Inc.,  which  operates   surgical   hospitals  and
         out-patient  surgical centers in Dallas,  Baton Rouge, and Houston.  In
         1991, Mr. Wine was responsible for the initial start-up funding capital
         for Dynacq, which he took public in a reverse merger in 1991.

o        International  Wireless,  Inc.,  which developed the first GSM cellular
         phone network in the West African  region (in the Ivory Coast) in 1996.
         In 1994, Mr. Wine  co-founded  International  Wireless and arranged its
         initial start-up funding.

o        Calypso Wireless Inc., (NASDAQ:  CLYW) In 2003, Mr. Wine helped Calypso
         Wireless raise capital to complete  development and begin production of
         its WiFi to  cellular  switching  technology,  known as  ASNAP(TM),  or
         Automatic Switching of Network Access Points proprietary technology.

         HERBERT O. ORJI,  PHD;  DIRECTOR.  Dr. Herbert O. Orji is an Investment
Banker, Chartered Stockbroker and a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Bankers
(U.K & Nigeria).  He has been Chairman and CEO of SUMMA GUARANTY & TRUST COMPANY
PLC ("SGTC"), a member firm of the Nigerian Stock Exchange, since 1993. In 1985,
he was appointed  the Managing  Director and CEO of Progress Bank of Nigeria Pic
where he served  until his  resignation  in 1991.  Beginning  in 1991,  Dr. Orji
worked with the IFC as a  Consulting  Advisor on  financial  projects in English
speaking West African  countries  before joining SGTC. He is the Chairman of the
Board of Business in Africa  Group Ltd South  Africa and current  President  and
Chairman of Council,  African Banking & Finance  Association  (ABFA).  He is the
Chairman of the Research & Development  Committee of the African  Business Round
table (ABR), the Pan-African  organization  that heads the NEPAD Business Group.
He also serves as the Vice-Chairman of the Industrial Training Fund (the federal
government of Nigeria premier capacity building fund), and a Director of African
Development Insurance Company Limited (ADIC) and Bio-Organics  Nutrients Systems
Nigerian  Limited.  He also  lectures at the National  Institute  for Policy and
Strategic  Studies  (NIPSS),   Nigeria,   and  teaches  Mergers,   Acquisitions,
Divestitures  and  Valuations  at the Lagos  Business  School MBA and  Executive
Education  Programmers.  Since  1996,  he has  served in  several  international
committees on privatization  of utilities,  oil and gas, and  infrastructure  in
Africa under the auspices of the ABR,  World  Bank-IFC,  ADB and BIA  investment
conferences.  He is the Chairman and President of the  Governing  Council of the
United Way  International-Nigeria,  an affiliate of the United Way International
USA and  Vice-President of Harvard Business School  Association of Nigeria.  Dr.
Orji  earned a  Mathematics  and  Economics  degree  (with  honors)  from Howard
University in 1973, an MBA in Finance from the University of Michigan in 1975, a
Ph.D. in Banking and Finance from the Union Graduate Institute and University in
Cincinnati,  Ohio in 1979, and a Post Management Diploma from Harvard University
in 1989.  Mr. Orji's  brother-in-law  is  President/CEO  and fellow board member
Blaize N. Kaduru.

         JAMILA E. JEFFERSON;  DIRECTOR.  Ms.  Jefferson has been an attorney in
the  General  Business  and  Energy  Section  of the law firm of Jones,  Walker,
Waechter,  Poitevent,  Carrere & Denegre, L.L.P. in New Orleans, Louisiana since
December 2000. Ms.  Jefferson's  practice includes the  representation of global
banking corporations,  other financial  institutions and corporations in a broad
spectrum of corporate,  project,  and  international  finance  transactions  and
advising  clients in connection  with foreign debt  offerings,  letter of credit
backed  facilities,  mortgage and other asset-backed  transactions,  oil and gas
transactions,  lease  financings  and foreign  government  debt  offerings.  Ms.
Jefferson's  experience in this area includes  assisting clients with matters of
finance,  transportation,  real  estate  sales  and  acquisitions,  construction
contracts,   procurement   contracts,   operating   agreements,   sale/leaseback
transactions and business policies and procedures. Prior to her affiliation with
Jones Walker,  Ms. Jefferson was an


                                      -6-
<PAGE>


associate  with Milling Benson  Woodward,  LLP in New Orleans from December 1999
until December 2000. She also practiced law with the law firm of Hogan & Hartson
in  Washington,  DC from  September 1998 until December 1999 and served as a law
clerk to Judge  Carl E.  Stewart of the  United  States  Court of Appeal for the
Fifth  Circuit  immediately  after  graduating  from law  school  in  1997.  Ms.
Jefferson, who is admitted to practice law in the District of Columbia, Maryland
and Louisiana, holds a Bachelor's degree and J.D. from Harvard University earned
in 1994 and 1997, respectively.

         STANFORD D. MILNES;  EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT OF  SALES/MARKETING.  Mr.
Milnes has been serving in a consulting  role to a number of  telecommunications
and high technology  companies to provide sales and marketing expertise for both
domestic and international operations.  During the past two years Mr. Milnes has
served in  various  consulting  roles  including  service as Vice  President  of
Calypso  Wireless,  Inc., with respect to Calypso's  expansion  efforts in Asia,
consulting with Network Compounds,  Inc. to help in its international  marketing
efforts, and under contract with Unbound Technology, Inc., as the Executive Vice
President for international sales and marketing directives. Mr. Milnes served as
the  senior  vice  president  of   International   Sales  at  Scoreboard,   Inc.
(2000-2001),   where  he  developed  an  international  sales  and  distribution
organization. Mr. Milnes' experience includes the following:

         o        Business  Development in Mexico,  Japan, Hong Kong,  Malaysia,
                  Thailand,  South Korea,  New Zealand,  Australia,  UAE, Qatar,
                  Kuwait, Bahrain, Egypt, and throughout Europe;

         o        Introduced $200 million in high-tech  products to Asia Pacific
                  market  and was  responsible  for  managing  profit  and loss,
                  marketing, and sales.

         o        Negotiated $160 million  contract with Japan's largest telecom
                  service.

         o        Led  development  and general  management of new telecom sales
                  offices for $85 million global organization;

         o        Originated   $30  million  annual  revenue  by  launching  new
                  business with regional  Bell  operating  companies in the U.S.
                  and Canada; and

         o        Responsible for profit and loss for eight multimillion-dollar,
                  high-tech companies.

         Mr. Milnes has more than 25 years of international  sales and marketing
experience,  including  executive-level  positions at PulsePoint  Communications
(formerly  Digital Sound  Corporation),  Brite Voice  Systems,  Inc., and Boston
Technology,  Inc.  Before  beginning  his sales and marketing  career,  he was a
pitcher for the Chicago White Sox AAA affiliate in Portland,  Oregon. Mr. Milnes
holds a Bachelor's  Degree in Mathematics from the University of Oklahoma and is
a member of the  Fellowship  of Christian  Athletes as well as an advisor to the
United States Golf Association.

         Prior  to the  Closing,  the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Registrant
consisted of one director, such director was not independent.  Commencing at the
Closing,  the Board of Directors  of the  Registrant  shall  consist of five (5)
directors,  of whom  Herbert  O. Orji,  PhD.,  Vernon L.  Jackson  and Jamila E.
Jefferson are independent.

         Each  director  shall  be  elected  for a  period  of one  year  at the
Registrant's  annual  meeting of  stockholders  and shall  serve  until the next
meeting or until his or her respective  successor is duly elected and qualified.
Each executive  officer of the Registrant  serves at the discretion of the board
of directors and holds office until his or her successor is elected or until his
or her earlier  resignation  or removal in accordance  with our  certificate  of
incorporation and by-laws. The Registrant's  director does not presently receive
any compensation  for his services as director.  The Board of Directors may also
appoint  additional


                                      -7-
<PAGE>


directors up to the maximum number  permitted  under the by-laws.  A director so
chosen  or  appointed  will  hold  office  until  the  next  annual  meeting  of
stockholders.

MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

         During the year ended  December  31,  2003,  and during the nine months
ended  September  30, 2004,  the Board of Directors  of the  Registrant  held no
meetings and took no action by written  consent  throughout the respective  time
periods.

         During the period from July 1, 2004 (inception)  through  September 30,
2004,  the Board of Directors  of Gridline  held two meetings and took action by
written consent on three occasions, respectively.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

         Following  the Closing,  the  Registrant  intends to establish an audit
committee, a compensation  committee,  and a nominating and corporate governance
committee of the Board of Directors  which shall be  responsible,  respectively,
for the matters described below.

         AUDIT COMMITTEE

         The audit committee shall be responsible for the following:

         o        reviewing  the  results  of  the  audit  engagement  with  the
                  independent auditors;

         o        identifying  irregularities  in the management of our business
                  in  consultation   with  our  independent   accountants,   and
                  suggesting an appropriate course of action;

         o        reviewing  the  adequacy,  scope,  and results of the internal
                  accounting controls and procedures;

         o        reviewing the degree of independence of the auditors,  as well
                  as  the  nature  and  scope  of  our  relationship   with  our
                  independent auditors;

         o        reviewing the auditors' fees; and

         o        recommending  the  engagement of auditors to the full board of
                  directors.

         A charter to be adopted  following  the  Closing  will govern the audit
committee.  Following the Closing,  Herbert Orji and Jamila  Jefferson,  each of
whom will be an  independent  director,  shall be the sole  members of our audit
committee.

         COMPENSATION COMMITTEE

         The  compensation  committee  will determine the salaries and incentive
compensation of the Registrant's  officers and provide  recommendations  for the
salaries and incentive compensation of its other employees and consultants.

         The  compensation  of  the  executive  officers  of the  Registrant  is
generally  determined by the  compensation  committee of its board of directors,
subject to  applicable  employment  agreements.  The  compensation  programs  of
Gridline to date are, and the compensation programs of the Registrant commencing
at the Closing shall be, intended to enable the attraction,  motivation, reward,
and retention


                                      -8-
<PAGE>


of the management  talent required to achieve  corporate  objectives and thereby
increase  shareholder  value.  It has been the  policy of  Gridline  to  provide
incentives  to its senior  management to achieve both  short-term  and long-term
objectives  and to  reward  exceptional  performance  and  contributions  to the
development of its business and the Registrant  anticipates  that the Registrant
shall adopt similar policies following the Closing.  To attain these objectives,
the executive  compensation  program may include a competitive base salary, cash
incentive bonuses, and stock-based compensation.

         In connection with the Transaction,  the Registrant intends to adopt an
incentive equity plan with terms and conditions  substantially  similar to those
of Gridline,  and as a result of the Transaction,  options to purchase shares of
Gridline common stock shall be cancelled and terminated in exchange for the same
number of options  issued under the equity  incentive plan to be adopted by NSC,
as the  successor in interest to the  Registrant.  Under the plan options may be
granted to employees, including executive officers, by the Board of Directors or
the  compensation  committee under the  Registrant's or Gridline's  stock option
plans.  The intent is to provide  an  incentive  that  focuses  the  executive's
attention  on managing  the business  from the  perspective  of an owner with an
equity  stake in the  business.  Options  shall  generally  be  awarded  with an
exercise  price equal to the fair market value of  underlying  securities on the
date of grant and have a maximum term of ten years.

         Gridline has informed the Registrant  that the number of shares subject
to options granted to each  individual  will generally  depend upon the level of
that individual's responsibility. The largest grants will be awarded to the most
senior  officers who, in the view of the  compensation  committee,  have or will
have the greatest potential impact on the future profitability and growth of the
business.  Previous  grants of stock options are reviewed but are not considered
the most  important  factor in  determining  the size of any  executive's  stock
option award in a particular year. The compensation committee will be authorized
to utilize the services of independent consultants from time to time, to perform
analyses  and to make  recommendations  to the  committee  relative to executive
compensation matters. No compensation consultant has so far been retained.

         RELATIONSHIP OF  COMPENSATION TO PERFORMANCE AND  COMPENSATION OF CHIEF
         EXECUTIVE OFFICER.

         Commencing at the Closing,  the  compensation  committee  will annually
establish,  subject to the approval of the Board of Directors of the  Registrant
and any applicable employment agreements,  the salaries that will be paid to the
Registrant's executive officers during the coming year. In setting salaries, the
compensation  committee intends to take into account several factors,  including
the following:

         o        competitive compensation data;

         o        the extent to which an individual may participate in the stock
                  plans maintained by the Registrant or Gridline; and

         o        qualitative  factors  bearing on an  individual's  experience,
                  responsibilities, management and leadership abilities, and job
                  performance.

         Following the Closing,  Herbert O. Orji,  PhD. and Jamila E.  Jefferson
will be the members of our compensation committee.

         NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE

         The functions of the nominating and  governance  committee  include the
following:

         o        identifying  and   recommending  to  the  Board  of  Directors
                  individuals  qualified  to serve as the  directors  and on the
                  committees of the Board of Directors;


                                      -9-
<PAGE>


         o        advising  the Board of  Directors  with  respect to matters of
                  board composition, procedures and committees;

         o        developing and recommending to the Board of Directors a set of
                  corporate   governance   principles   applicable   to  us  and
                  overseeing corporate governance matters generally; and

         o        overseeing  the  annual   evaluation  of  the  board  and  our
                  management.

         A  charter  to  be  adopted  following  the  Closing  will  govern  the
nominating  and  governance  committee.   The  members  of  the  nominating  and
governance  committee  are  yet  to be  determined,  each  of  whom  will  be an
independent director.

         Following the Closing,  the nominating  and  governance  committee will
consider  director  candidates  recommended  by  stockholders.   In  considering
candidates  submitted by stockholders,  the nominating and governance  committee
will  take  into  consideration  the  needs  of the  Board of  Directors  of the
Registrant  and  the  qualifications  of  the  candidate.   The  nominating  and
governance  committee may also take into consideration the number of shares held
by the  recommending  stockholder  and the length of time that such  shares have
been held.  To have a candidate  considered  by the  nominating  and  governance
committee,  a  stockholder  must submit the  recommendation  in writing and must
include the following information:

         o        the name of the stockholder;

         o        evidence of the  stockholder's  ownership of our common stock,
                  including the number of shares owned and the length of time of
                  ownership;

         o        the name of the candidate;

         o        the   candidate's   resume  or  a   listing   of  his  or  her
                  qualifications to be one of our directors; and

         o        the candidate's  consent to be named as a director if selected
                  by the nominating  and  governance  committee and nominated by
                  the Board.

         The stockholder  recommendation and information described above must be
sent to the Corporate Secretary at Gridline's executive offices located at 14090
Southwest  Freeway,  Suite 300, Sugar Land,  Texas 77478 and must be received by
the Corporate  Secretary not less than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of
the Company's  most recent annual meeting of  stockholders,  or, in the event of
the first annual meeting following the Closing, by January 15, 2005.

         The Designated Directors to be members of the nominating and governance
committee  believe  that the  minimum  qualifications  for service as one of our
directors are that a nominee  possess an ability,  as demonstrated by recognized
success in his or her field,  to make meaningful  contributions  to the Board of
Director's  oversight  of  the  business  and  our  affairs  and  an  impeccable
reputation  of integrity and  competence in his or her personal or  professional
activities.  The nominating and governance  committee's  evaluation of potential
candidates  shall be  consistent  with  the  Board of  Director's  criteria  for
selecting new directors.  Such criteria include an understanding of our business
environment  and  the  possession  of such  knowledge,  skills,  expertise,  and
diversity  of  experience  so as to enhance  the  board's  ability to manage and
direct our affairs  and  business,  including  when  applicable,  to enhance the
ability of  committees  of the Board of Directors to fulfill their duties and/or
satisfy any  independence  requirements  imposed by law,  regulation  or listing
requirements.


                                      -10-
<PAGE>


         The nominating and governance  committee may receive  suggestions  from
current board members,  company executive officers, or other sources,  which may
be either  unsolicited  or in  response  to  requests  from the  nominating  and
governance  committee  for  such  candidates.   The  nominating  and  governance
committee  also,  from  time to  time,  may  engage  firms  that  specialize  in
identifying  director  candidates.   As  described  above,  the  nominating  and
governance committee will also consider candidates recommended by stockholders.

         Once the nominating and governance committee has identified a person as
a potential  candidate,  the committee may collect and review publicly available
information  regarding  the  person  to  assess  whether  the  person  should be
considered  further.  If the committee  determines  that the candidate  warrants
further consideration,  the Chairman of the Board of Directors or another member
of the committee may contact the person.  Generally,  if the person  expresses a
willingness  to be  considered  and to serve  on the  Board  of  Directors,  the
nominating and governance  committee may request information from the candidate,
review the person's  accomplishments  and  qualifications and may conduct one or
more  interviews  with  the  candidate.  The  committee  may  consider  all such
information  in light of  information  regarding any other  candidates  that the
committee  might be evaluating  for  membership  on the Board of  Directors.  In
certain instances, committee members may contact one or more references provided
by the candidate or may contact other members of the business community or other
persons  that  may  have  greater   first-hand   knowledge  of  the  candidate's
accomplishments.  The nominating and governance  committee's  evaluation process
does  not  vary  based  on  whether  or  not a  candidate  is  recommended  by a
stockholder,  although,  as stated above, the board may take into  consideration
the number of shares held by the recommending stockholder and the length of time
that such shares have been held.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

         EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS

         The Registrant does not currently have an employment agreement with its
sole director and officer.

         Based upon discussions with Gridline,  the Registrant  anticipates that
it will assume the existing  employment  agreements  with each of the  executive
officers and key employees of Gridline  following the Closing.  These agreements
can be  terminated  at any time,  subject to certain  severance  obligations  as
described  below,  and by the  employee  upon thirty (30) days  advance  written
notice.  The employment  agreements  also include a  confidentiality  clause,  a
non-compete provision,  and provisions restricting the solicitation of employees
or customers.

         Gridline's employment agreement with Blaize Kaduru, its Chief Executive
Officer,  became  effective  June 1,  2004,  and  pursuant  to  this  employment
agreement  Mr. Kaduru will receive a salary of $10,000 per month during the year
ended December 31, 2004, pending the availability of Company funds. Until enough
funds become  available,  Mr. Kaduru will draw a reduced salary in the amount of
$7,500 per month, with the remainder to be deferred.  Beginning January 1, 2005,
the Agreement  provides that the salary of Mr. Kaduru will increase to a monthly
base rate of  $12,500.  Gridline  will review  deferrals  by the end of December
2004,  and pay all amounts in full  deferred by December  2004.  The  employment
agreement with Mr. Kaduru requires that Gridline make severance  payments to the
employee if his employment is terminated by Gridline without "cause". "Cause" is
defined in the employment  agreement.  If termination without cause is effective
after six  months of  employment,  Gridline  is  obligated  to pay six months of
severance at the  employee's  then current salary and premiums for six months of
COBRA continuation  coverage for group medical,  disability,  and life insurance
plans.  If such  termination  is effective on or after two years on the job, the
Company is obligated to pay severance and premiums for twelve months.


                                      -11-
<PAGE>


         Gridline's  employment  agreement with Stanford  Milnes,  its Executive
Vice  President,  Sales and  Marketing,  became  effective  August 1, 2004,  and
provides for a monthly base rate of $8,000.  The  employment  agreement with Mr.
Milnes  requires  that  Gridline  make  severance  payments to Mr. Milnes if his
employment is terminated by Gridline without "cause".  "Cause" is defined in the
employment agreement. If such termination (without cause) is effective after six
months of  employment,  Gridline is  obligated to pay six months of severance at
the  employee's  then  current  salary  and  premiums  for six  months  of COBRA
continuation coverage for group medical, and life insurance plans.

BENEFIT PLANS

         Gridline  intends  to  provide  usual  and  customary  benefits  to its
employees  at  the  appropriate  date  after  the  Closing.   Benefits  will  be
administered  in accordance  with the Gridline's  employee  manual which will be
adopted by the Registrant after Closing.

CURRENT DIRECTOR

         The sole director and executive  officer of the  Registrant at the date
hereof and  immediately  prior to the Closing is Gerard  Werner.  Mr. Werner has
served as the sole director and executive  officer of the  Registrant  since its
inception on February 3, 1999.  Mr. Werner is an attorney and graduated from the
Georgetown  University  Law School in 1997.  Mr. Werner has been a member of the
District of Columbia Bar  Association  since January 1999.  Mr. Werner served as
Secretary and Director of Cyberfast Systems, Inc., an internet telephony company
based in Boca Raton, Florida. He joined the board of Cyberfast in October, 1999,
as a result of Cyberfast's acquisition of Global Telcom and Internet Ventures, a
Colorado  corporation  of  which  he was a  director,  and  served  through  the
company's shareholders meeting in June, 2001, at which time he resigned.

TECHNOLOGY ADVISORY COMMITTEE

         Gridline  maintains  a  Technology  Advisory  Committee,   which  meets
periodically  and when  requested  by the  Board  of  Directors.  The  Committee
operates  under   substantially   similar  Technology  Advisory  Board  Services
Agreements  (the  "ADVISORY  AGREEMENTS"),  which Gridline has entered into with
each respective  member of the Committee.  Pursuant to the Advisory  Agreements,
the various  technology  advisors  provide  advice,  contacts and other relevant
strategic  input  needed to enhance  the  company's  short-term  objectives  and
long-term  goals. The members of the committee have been chosen based upon their
reputation, technological expertise, and ability to assist Gridline in achieving
its  business  objectives.  Set forth below is a  description  of the members of
Gridline's Technology Advisory Committee.

         BYEONG-KEON  (BK)  SON.  Mr.  Son  is  currently  President  and  Chief
Operating Officer of iGate Inc.  ("IGATE"),  which pioneered the development and
implementation   of  broadband   communications   over   existing   copper  wire
infrastructure.  At iGate,  his role  covers  strategic  planning,  product  and
business  development,  and  strategic  alliances.  Mr.  Son  has  an  extensive
background in product development, design, sales, and re-engineering of consumer
electronics  dating back to 1984.  Mr. Son also has been involved in leading and
directing  corporate  venture  marketing   development  for  Korean  electronics
companies and  telecommunications  manufacturing firms seeking to enter the U.S.
and European markets. Mr. Son worked for Samsung Corporation, Seoul, Korea, from
1984 to 1998 including,  Marketing  Manager for Samsung's  global marketing plan
for consumer electronics,  coal generation power plants, and strategic alliances
and General Manager of the Global  Strategist Group.  Prior to Samsung,  Mr. Son
founded Technovalley, Inc., in Korea, a developer of consumer products and prior
to  Technovalley,  he was  President  and CEO of Wuestec  Inc., a major  medical
equipment  manufacturer  based in Mobile,  Alabama.  Mr. Son holds a  Bachelor's
degree in Mechanical Engineering,  from Kyunghee University, in Seoul (1982), an
MBA from Korea University, in Seoul, (1995), and an MBA from the Graduate School
of Business Administration, Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts (1997).


                                      -12-
<PAGE>


         GEORGE  BOITANO.  Mr. Boitano is currently a product auditor for Rocket
Software,  (www.rocketsoftware.com) based in Newton, Massachusetts.  He patents,
develops,  designs,  and  delivers  security  software  products  for Global 100
companies.   Prior  to  Rocket  Software,   Mr.  Boitano   co-founded   Security
Integration,  Inc.  in 1990 and  served as Chief  Technology  Officer  and later
President and Chief Executive Officer,  where he authored a patent from which he
created  several  products  aimed at the large system  security needs of Fortune
1000 companies. These products resulted in over 150 significant direct sales and
in an OEM (original equipment  manufacturer)  relationship with Netegrity,  Inc.
This  business  attracted  a number of  interested  buyers,  and its assets were
purchased by Rocket Software,  Inc. in 2002. Mr. Boitano  previously worked as a
consultant, systems programmer, and software engineer,  specializing in computer
and network security operating systems  interfaces.  Mr. Boitano authored a U.S.
Patent titled  "Apparatus and Method for Computer  System  Integrated  security"
(5,305,456)  which was granted in April,  1994. He holds a Bachelor's  degree in
Physics from Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts.

         STEPHEN E.  KENNEDY-SMITH,  JR. Mr.  Smith has,  for the last 20 years,
been involved in running the Kennedy family worldwide financial investments, and
is principally a real estate developer. He served as Deputy Campaign Manager for
Senator Edward Kennedy during his Presidential and Senatorial  campaigns.  Aside
from his business  activities,  Mr. Smith also served on the staff of the Senate
Judiciary and Foreign Relations Committees.  After leaving the Senate, Mr. Smith
taught a course in  negotiations at Harvard  University Law School.  During that
time,  he also  served  as a  consultant  to the  Irish  peace  process  and the
Organization of African Unity (OAU), as well as a number of high-level political
peace negotiations. Mr. Smith has founded and continues to be Chairman of Social
Media, a media company,  and Kennedy Smith Sammaweera,  a Real Estate Investment
and  Development  business  specializing in developing  technology  related real
estate investments.  Mr. Smith has received the Danforth Award for Excellence in
teaching  three  times  from  Harvard  University  and is also the winner of the
Lyndehurst  Foundation  Prize  for  Social  and  Artistic  Achievement.  He  has
delivered  keynote  presentations  at the annual  conferences of the Family Firm
Institute and the Family Office  Exchange.  Mr. Smith  continues to serve on the
Kennedy family Financial  Advisory Board. He has also served on the board of the
John F. Kennedy  Library,  the Robert F. Kennedy  Memorial,  and Citizens Energy
Corporation.  Mr. Smith received his M.A. from Harvard University, his J.D. from
Columbia University, and his M.Ed. from Harvard University School of Education.

         ADAM T. BERLEW.  Mr. Berlew is currently Senior Manager,  Marketing and
Business  Development,  Software and Peripherals,  Dell, Inc., in Austin, Texas.
His major responsibilities include,  identifying Dell's new market opportunities
and technologies,  creating vendor alliances,  optimizing sales investment focus
to meet and  exceed  financial  goals,  driving  customer/market  analysis,  and
related  matters.  Prior to joining  Dell,  Mr.  Berlew was the  founder,  Chief
Financial Officer and Marketing Officer for CSSI based in Annandale, Virginia, a
wireless  broadband  carrier deploying  networks in second tier markets.  He was
previously,  a consultant for  telecommunications  investments for Modern Africa
Fund Inc., based in Washington,  D.C. Mr. Berlew also served as Director, Senior
Vice  President  of Finance and  Corporate  Development  for Prodigy  Inc.,  and
maintained  the same  position  when the African and Latin  American  operations
subsidiaries  of  Prodigy  Communications  were spun off into a new  entity,  IW
Acquisitions,  Inc.,  which he  co-founded,  in 1996.  Prior to  Prodigy  and IW
Acquisitions,  Mr. Berlew  worked as a Consultant  for Boston  Consulting  Group
(1992-1996),  Rath & Strong,  Inc,  (1991-1992),  and  Africare,  a major N.G.O.
(Non-Governmental  Organization)  in  Mogadishu,  Somalia.  Mr.  Berlew  holds a
Bachelor's Degree from Brown University,  In Providence,  Rhode island, majoring
in Comparative Studies (1988), and an M.B.A. from The Wharton School, university
of Pennsylvania (May, 1993).

         MATTHEW J. M.  PREBEG.  Mr.  Prebeg is  currently  President of Glover,
Miller,  Lewis & Prebeg, P.C. in Houston,  Texas. He is an engineer and a lawyer
who represents  product  manufacturers  and inventors over a wide range of legal
matters, including the evaluation and protection of intellectual property rights
and claims,  product liability exposure,  contract disputes,  and theft of trade
secret issues.


                                      -13-
<PAGE>


Prior to  Glover,  Miller,  Lewis &  Prebeg,  he was a  researcher  at Texas A&M
University from 1980 to 1987, where he developed control systems for large scale
machinery  and  researched  alternate  fuels  performance  in  various  types of
industrial engines. In 1988 Mr. Prebeg was a Control Systems Engineer for Dohner
and  Associate,  Inc.,  in Lisle,  IL,  and from 1989 to 1990,  he was a Program
Manager  at the  Nevada  Automotive  Test  Center.  From  1990 to  1994,  he was
President of PAC Development Group, Inc. of Houston,  Texas. Mr. Prebeg received
his law degree from the  University  Of Texas School Of Law (1994).  He received
his  Bachelor of Science  from the  University  of Illinois at  Urbana-Champaign
(1980) and later was awarded a Ph.D. in  Engineering  from Texas A&M  University
(1988). His publications  include:  Prebeg, M. 1989. TIRE SUSPENSION AND TERRAIN
INTERACTIVE MODELING AND VALIDATION - AN ITERATIVE APPROACH.  ASTM Committee F-9
on Tires;  Prebeg, M., A. Mizrach,  and I. Shmulevich.  1987. CONTROL ALGORITHMS
FOR INDEXING  MULTI-JOINTED  MOBILE TRUSS  STRUCTURES.  ASAE Paper No.  87-1061;
Prebeg,  M., and S. Searcy.  1987.  ENGINESIM-A  THERMODYNAMIC  CYCLE SIMULATION
PROGRAM.  CoED,  Vol. VII,  No.4,  Computers in Education  Division of the ASEE;
Adred,  W., M. Prebeg,  and W. Thomson.  1983.  RETROFITTING  METHANE  FUELED SI
ENGINE FOR ALCOHOL.  ASAE Paper No. 83-1062.  Mr. Prebeg is licensed to practice
in the United States District  Courts for the Southern and Western  Districts of
Texas and the District of Colorado.

         EDWARD W. GOLDSTEIN. Mr. Goldstein is a partner of Goldstein & Faucett,
L.L.P., an intellectual  property law firm in Houston,  Texas,  which focuses on
enforcing  patents,   via  patent   infringement   suits  or  licensing,   on  a
contingent-fee,  hourly or  modified  billing  basis.  Mr.  Goldstein  typically
represents  independent inventors and small companies on a contingency basis who
lack the resources to license patents or litigate  against patent  infringement.
Mr.  Goldstein also  litigates  other  intellectual  property  matters,  such as
trademark,  copyright,  trade secret,  unfair  competition  and related  complex
matters.   Mr.  Goldstein   intends  to  help  Gridline  seek  ways  to  protect
intellectual  properties  it hopes to develop in the future with  regards to all
associated  PLC access  technologies.  Mr.  Goldstein  graduated from Penn State
University  with a B.S.  degree in Chemical  Engineering  in 1963 and obtained a
J.D. with honors from George Washington University in 1967.

         CHRISTOPHER  M.  FAUCETT.  Mr.  Faucett  is a partner  of  Goldstein  &
Faucett,  L.L.P.,  an intellectual  property law firm in Houston,  Texas,  which
focuses  on  enforcing  patents,  by  means  of  patent  infringement  suits  or
licensing,  on a  contingent-fee,  hourly or modified billing basis. Mr. Faucett
typically represents  independent inventors and small companies on a contingency
basis who lack the  resources  to license  patents or  litigate  against  patent
infringement.  Mr.  Faucett  provides  a range of  intellectual  property  legal
services,  including  prosecution,  rendering  opinions,  licensing,  technology
transfer, and client counseling.  Mr. Faucett intends to help Gridline seek ways
to protect  intellectual  properties  it hopes to  develop  in the  future  with
regards to all associated PLC access  technologies.  Mr. Faucett  graduated from
Texas A&M University in 1987 with a B.S. in Engineering  Technology - Industrial
Distribution.  After working for five years in engineering  sales, he obtained a
J.D. with honors from Thurgood Marshall School of Law in 1995.

         PHILLIP GENNARELLI. Mr. Gennarelli is an executive of Energy Generation
Group  LLC  ("ENERGYGEN").  Mr.  Gennarelli  has 25 years of  experience  in the
infrastructure industry in emerging markets with diverse transactions, including
public  and  private  infrastructure,  power,  oil and  gas,  gas  storage,  gas
transportation, and distribution. Prior to joining EnergyGen, Mr. Gennarelli was
the principal and founding  member of Millennium  Ventures LLC, a  Houston-based
venture capital firm where he managed the firms energy  investments from 2000 to
2003. He was Vice President  Commercial  Development  for Unocal's  Central Asia
group from 1996 to 1999.  Prior to joining  Unocal,  he was Director of Business
Development for  Europe/Middle  East/Africa for Reliant  Energy's  international
development group from 1995 to 1996. Prior to joining Reliant,  he was President
of Penn Octane Corp.  ("POCC"), a Nasdaq-listed energy company primarily engaged
in Liquid Propane Gas  transportation and marketing to Pemex, from 1993 to 1994.
From 1976 to 1993,  he was Manager of  Regulatory  Affairs for the  American Gas
Association and Midcon Corp.,  Vice President of  Transportation/Operations  for
Hadson Gas Services.  After Hadson, he was Vice President  Business  Development
USA for  Amoco's


                                      -14-
<PAGE>


Gas Group. Mr.  Gennarelli earned his B.S. from Iowa State University and M.B.A.
at the Illinois  Institute of Technology,  Sloan School of Management,  and is a
registered professional engineer.

         Each of Gridline's  non-employee Technology Advisory Board members were
issued  500,000  shares of  Gridline's  common  stock at par value  ($.0001  per
share),  with the  exception of Phillip P.  Gennarelli  who  received  1,000,000
shares,  upon  joining the  Technology  Advisory  Board in exchange for services
rendered, and to be rendered,  under the Advisory Agreements.  Through action of
the Gridline board of directors and approval by stockholders of the Corporation,
Gridline has adopted its 2004 Equity Incentive Plan which includes,  among other
equity  based  compensation,  provisions  for the  issuance of  incentive  stock
options  exercisable for up to 7,000,000 shares of Gridline common stock as well
as non-qualified  options.  Directors may be reimbursed for actual out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by them in attending  meetings and in the performance of their
duties  as  directors.  A  copy  of a Form  Technology  Advisory  Board  Service
Agreement  is  attached  as Exhibit  10.9.  A copy of  Phillip  P.  Gennarelli's
Technology Advisory Board Service Agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.10



                                    BUSINESS

NORTH SHORE CAPITAL IV, INC.

            The  Registrant  was  incorporated  under  the laws of the  State of
Colorado on February 3, 1999, and is in the early  developmental and promotional
stages.  To date the Registrant's  only activities have been  organizational  in
nature,  directed  at  developing  its  business  plan and  raising  its initial
capital.  The  Registrant  has not  commenced  any  commercial  operations.  The
Registrant has no full-time employees and owns no real estate.

            The business of the Registrant to date  classifies the Registrant as
a "blank  check" or "shell"  company  whose sole  purpose has been to locate and
consummate a merger or  acquisition  with a private  entity.  Under terms of the
Exchange Agreement,  the Registrant has agreed, subject to shareholder approval,
to  reincorporate  under  the laws of the State of  Delaware  and  increase  its
authorized capital stock to 250,000,000 shares,  including 230,000,000 shares of
authorized  common  stock,  par value $.001 per share and  20,000,000  shares of
authorized preferred stock, in anticipation of the Gridline Transaction.

         A detailed  description of the business of the Registrant as heretofore
conducted is hereby  incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report
on Form 10-KSB for the year ended  December 31, 2003, a copy of which is on file
with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.

         GENERAL

         Gridline is a  development  stage company that was formed as a Delaware
corporation  in July  2004  to  provide  integrated  distribution  of  broadband
telecommunication  and  data  transmission  through  electrical  power  lines to
residences and businesses.  Gridline plans to provide power line  communications
("PLC"),  or broadband over power lines ("BPL"),  using existing  electric power
transmission and distribution lines. PLC technology will allow Gridline, through
utility  companies,  to send  video,  Internet  and  voice  communications  over
standard 50 or 60 Hz voltage  frequencies.  Gridline  believes that the dominant
policy trend  across the United  States and most of the globe  continues  toward
deregulation  and  privatization of the  telecommunications  services sector and
that this  policy  trend will  continue  for the  foreseeable  future.  Gridline
believes  that this global  policy trend is a  supporting  factor in the current
increase in data volume and  Internet  traffic,  which now exceeds the volume of
voice traffic.


                                      -15-
<PAGE>


         Gridline's  executive  offices are located at 14090 Southwest  Freeway,
Suite 300, Sugar Land,  Texas 77478 and our telephone number is 281-340-8518 and
fax     is     281-340-8519.      Gridline's     web     site     address     is
www.gridlinecommunications.com and is still under construction.

         STRATEGY

         Gridline's  strategy  is  to  provide  state-of-the-art,  low-cost  PLC
services for traditional utility companies, internet service providers ("ISPS"),
home appliance manufacturers, and equipment vendors worldwide. Gridline believes
these services,  will provide companies the opportunity to create new businesses
and revenue streams utilizing existing infrastructures.  Gridline plans to offer
to  traditional  utility  companies  and  equipment  and  appliances  vendors  a
technology   platform   from  which  they  can   participate   directly  in  the
telecommunications and Internet services industries.  Gridline's system has been
designed and will continue to be developed to be  user-friendly  for these types
of  companies  and  applications.   Gridline  believes  the   telecommunications
companies and cable  operators will also benefit from  Gridline's low cost "last
mile" solution.

         TECHNOLOGY OVERVIEW

         PLC is a method of sending and  receiving  voice and data signals using
existing electric power transmission and electricity distribution lines. Through
PLC, voice,  data and video signals can be transmitted over electric power lines
by embedding or superimposing a high frequency broadband  communications carrier
signal on wires concurrently  transmitting  electric power at the standard 50 or
60  Hz  alternating   current  frequency.   Communications  are  transmitted  at
frequencies  above  1 MHz  without  affecting  the  quality  of  either  the low
frequency power transmission or the high frequency  communications  signals that
are  using  the  same  circuit.  The  PLC  technology  relies  on  a  series  of
conditioning  filters  to  separate  the  communications  signal  from the power
transmission  frequency.  The  conditioning  filters allow normal electric power
transmission  to  outlets  in homes  and  businesses,  while  data  signals  are
collected by a communications  module or "service unit", which provides multiple
channels for voice, data, video, etc.

         Each home or business  service  unit  communicates  with a base station
server at the local electric  substation,  where the base station connects users
to the Internet by means of fiber or broadband co-axial cable. The configuration
is thus similar to a neighborhood LAN (local area network).  The server operates
through a system of IP  addressing as part of the LAN  environment.  The service
unit is part of the customer premise equipment.  Multiple communications signals
terminate at the customer  premises with PLC. The service unit  distributes  and
simultaneously  manages  various  other types of equipment  such as  telephones,
computers,  and other devices, which co-exist and operate concurrently,  without
interference.

         PLC  has  been  feasible  for  quite  sometime  and  is the  basis  for
monitoring and control of load-balancing,  automation, remote meter reading, and
limited  data  communications  at very  low  data  bit  rates  (9600  bps).  The
proliferation  of the technology into home  networking and broadband  access are
key factors in the  development of the anticipated new generation of "smart home
appliances"  that can be programmed  and  controlled by remote users,  including
televisions,  refrigerators, air conditioners, washing machines, dryers, stoves,
personal computers, ovens, and microwaves.  Gridline believes that for consumers
to realize many of the potential benefits of home automation,  they must be able
to communicate  directly with these appliances  through the Internet by means of
power lines.  Without PLC, the cost and  inconvenience of installing the network
needed to create a sub-LAN  environment to support smart home  appliances  makes
many of their potential features infeasible.

         There are  challenges and technical  difficulties,  which have made PLC
less user friendly. In the United States for instance,  step-down  transformers,
which reduce  voltage from high voltage  carrier  lines to standard home service
levels,  serve a  smaller  number of homes,  and the  homes are  usually  spread


                                      -16-
<PAGE>


further apart than in many other  countries.  PLC will be less efficient in this
case. There are potential  inherent problems with noise,  signal  degradation or
attenuation, and distortion with PLC. However, more efficient techniques such as
new modulation technology,  more efficient coupling (the superimposition of data
signals  onto the power  voltage),  channel  coding to minimize  error bit rate,
while increasing speed, and meeting ITU standards,  have resulted in significant
improvements as measured in recent tests conducted on PLC technology.

GRIDLINE'S CUSTOMERS

         Gridline's  expected customer base will be electric utility  companies,
competitive local exchange carriers ("CLECS"),  ISPs, and cable modem operators.
Gridline  intends to negotiate  with these  customers for  long-term  contracts.
Under these  long-term  contracts,  Gridline  expects to deliver  equipment  and
technical  support  which will be  delivered  and  installed  for the benefit of
end-users,  to its various  customers.  Gridline expects initial end-users to be
the existing customers of the utility, CLEC, or other Gridline customers.

         Gridline  believes that its products and services will be compelling to
electric  utility  companies,  quickly putting them in the business of providing
broadband  access and realizing new revenue  streams from a business with little
or no rate regulation which requires little capital commitment. Gridline expects
that its utility company customers can market effectively through direct mailing
to their existing customers, and that such customers can collect the new revenue
stream  by  adding a line for  broadband  services  to  their  current  customer
invoices in their ongoing billing and collection efforts. Gridline believes that
the cross-selling  opportunity to existing utility company  customers,  together
with the  convenience  for those customers in enrolling and paying for broadband
services with their existing  electric  service  provider will contribute to the
success of Gridline's PLC system.  Gridline also believes that it can provide an
attractive  alternative for CLECs and ISPs that are now paying their competitors
for delivery of telecommunication services to their respective customers.

         Gridline may negotiate tri-partite contractual agreements with CLECs or
ISPs to provide  broadband  access  services over the utility's  electric  power
grid,  with each party to the  agreement  receiving  a portion  of the  revenue.
Utilities  in this case will access a new revenue  stream,  while ISPs and CLECs
will increase their customer base with the opportunity to provide new services.

SERVICE AREAS; COST TO PROVIDE SERVICE

         Gridline  intends to install  and  maintain  the system  equipment  and
control  software for each area where it provides PLC service  ("SERVICE  AREA")
and throughout the power grid as required to connect  end-users with an Internet
access  point.  Gridline  intends to obtain  contracts  with ISPs for  wholesale
Internet access for all Gridline customers and end-users at such Internet access
points. Because of the cost required to develop a Service Area for PLC, Gridline
anticipates  that its customers will initially roll out PLC service to end users
only in specified  Service Areas.  Gridline will be required to deliver end-user
equipment and train Gridline  customers (e.g., CLECs and ISPs, not end-users) to
install and maintain its PLC system and to instruct  end-users in the use of the
equipment.  Except  for  Gridline's  initial  low  voltage  system  and  initial
mid-voltage system, payment terms related to the manufacture and delivery of the
equipment have not yet been negotiated.

SERVICE CONTRACTS WITH END USERS

         Although  Gridline  anticipates  long term contracts with its customers
(up to 10 years),  it expects  that its  customers  (e.g.,  CLECs,  ISPs,  cable
operators),  as service providers to end users, will require  relatively shorter
commitments  from  their  customers.  Given  the cost to equip and  install  PLC
broadband access services within a Service Area,  Gridline  anticipates that its
customers will require an end-user


                                      -17-
<PAGE>


commitment  that will ensure  recovery of the fixed cost of  initiating  service
(i.e., approximately a two-year service contract at competitive rates).

GRIDLINE'S PRODUCTS

         Gridline  intends to offer  products  and  services  over the  existing
electrical  cable  and  wiring  infrastructure,  for  both  indoor  and  outdoor
applications and for both narrowband and broadband.

         For  narrowband,  Gridline  plans to offer the  following  products and
services:

         o        energy management;

         o        command and control for home appliance manufacturers; and

         o        security monitoring for homes, offices, security agencies.

         For broadband, Gridline plans to offer:

         o        co-branded power line IP enabled home  entertainment  products
                  and services;

         o        co-branded small office/home office (SOHO);

         o        co-branded PLC enabled access and mini-access; and

         o        co-branded  DSL  and  cable  modem   extension   products  and
                  services.

         HOME NETWORKING.  By applying a PLC extension to the DSL or cable modem
that is providing  broadband Internet connection to a home, the file sharing and
connections  to a  printer  in that home  could be  networked  between  personal
computers ("PCS"),  laptop computers,  PDAs, and other computing devices located
in the home without the  installation of additional  cabling.  In this scenario,
Gridline's  integrated  network  products will have converted  every  electrical
outlet in the house into a sub-network node for an integrated network connection
and application.

         SMALL  OFFICE/HOME  OFFICE (SOHO).  The same integrated  shared network
connections and applications  achieved in-home networking discussed above can be
duplicated  in a SOHO  environment  using  existing  wall  power  outlets in the
office. In addition,  VoIP over power line telephone systems can be set up using
existing electrical wall sockets, instead of resorting to costly special regular
hard-wire line phone jack  preparations.  In a normal SOHO  environment,  adding
additional phone jacks can pose both planning and logistical complexities.

         PLC ACCESS AND MINI-ACCESS.  Utility  companies can avail themselves of
the  opportunity  to offer  PLC  access  to their  existing  end-users,  thereby
creating a brand new revenue  stream by  implementing  Gridline's  PLC modems to
deliver  telecommunications  services and a number broadband access applications
such  as  Internet  services,  video-on-demand,  audio,  voice,  security  alarm
monitoring,  and energy management  services over the utility company's existing
medium and low power electrical grids. Most electrical utility companies already
own  their  fiber  optic  infrastructure,  which  have  remained  unutilized  or
underutilized.  This  connectivity  can now be shared by several  apartments  or
office buildings.

         DSL AND CABLE  MODEM  EXTENSIONS.  DSL or digital  subscriber  line and
cable modem  broadband  connectivity  has become very popular with  end-users in
recent  years,  either for home use,


                                      -18-
<PAGE>


office use, or both. As rule,  the PC or laptop  equipment must be located close
to the modem.  Gridline's  PLC  technology can be used by vendors of any type to
extend the distance of this connectivity to other rooms or spaces in the home or
office  without the need for  additional  infrastructure.  The  electrical  wall
outlets can be used to deploy multiple computers (both laptops and desktops) and
extend the DSL or cable modem connectivity.  This way, Internet  connectivity is
not limited to the PC located next to the modem.

         DISTRIBUTED   BROADBAND   CONNECTIVITY.   Gridline's  PLC   distributed
protocols can support audio, video, and data transmissions, using our co-branded
chipsets to be deployed over the media access control layer of most hardware for
code broadcasts, Internet, and other applications.

         AGENT OR LICENSEE  SOLUTION.  Gridline's  planned licensee  solution is
comprised  of:  (i)  broadband  access,  (ii)  services  that  allow  agents and
licensees  to upload an  unlimited  number of  programs  (both photo and video),
(iii) a personal,  customized company website where their company information is
hosted and marketed, (iv) significant exposure and lead generation on Gridline's
industry  portal,  (v)  personalized  online  office and  e-mail,  (vi)  ongoing
priority training, information resources, and enhanced customer support, product
updates, and (vii) a single provider for technology issues and needs.

         PRICING.  Gridline  intends  to focus on  product  margins  in both the
initial sale and monthly  subscription  fees for products and services.  Margins
may change in the future depending on a variety of factors,  including  products
and services offered.

         CUSTOMERS.  Potential  initial target customers of Gridline are utility
companies,   telecommunications   companies,  cable  companies,  home  appliance
manufacturers, ISPs, and commercial and residential property developers, located
in the United States, Latin America,  Asia, the Pacific Region,  Europe, Africa,
and the Middle East.

         CONSUMER WEBSITE.  Gridline's consumer website is under development but
can  be  viewed  in  its  unfinished   form  when   construction   commences  at
www.gridlinecommunications.com.  Gridline  has  designed  its  website  to allow
vendors to  efficiently  find  products and services  information  meeting their
parameters and interests.  Studies confirm that consumers want a personal online
home-viewing   experience,   including   multiple   photos   and   comprehensive
technologies   information.   Real-time  content  combined  with   user-friendly
navigation  will  distinguish the Gridline  website.  Gridline plans to minimize
distractive  ads and  emphasize  ease of use in order to  become  the  preferred
website for consumers' PLC technology needs.

         SERVICES.   Gridline  is  in  the  process  of  developing  proprietary
integrated  distributed  power line  communications  technologies.  Gridline  is
currently developing these technologies through a product development  agreement
with iGate,  a leader in the  provision  of broadband  "last mile"  solutions to
telecommunications  companies  worldwide over existing copper  telephone  wires.
iGate  currently  owns  beneficially  and  of  record  approximately  25% of the
outstanding  capital stock of Gridline,  and will own beneficially and of record
approximately  20.7% of the outstanding NSC Common Stock  immediately  following
the Closing. The "last mile" is generally referred to as the connection from the
termination of a fiber optical ring to a user's computer. However, deploying the
fiber optic lines to  end-users  is  currently  too  expensive to be a realistic
option for most consumers. In response to this problem,  existing telephone line
and television cable network became delivery mediums of broadband service in the
name of DSL and cable modem Internet access. Gridline believes that delivering a
large  bandwidth by means of the telephone line is the most  practical  solution
for Internet access to most end-users, given the fact that putting optical cable
in every home and  business  location  is  expensive  and time  consuming.  This
technology  developed  by iGate has evolved  around a  combination  of low power
differential  electrical  signals,  improved  common-mode  noise  management and
auto-equalization processes. The current iGate technology supports the transport
of two way  high-speed  data  rates of up to 52 Mbps over one mile,  and 20 Mbps
over three miles.


                                      -19-
<PAGE>


         These  technologies  integrate power line  communications  technologies
with  fiber-optic  based  access,   dedicated  phone  lines,   cable  television
signaling,  and IP based  signaling  protocol,  to deliver a proprietary  set of
"bundled  telecommunications  technologies"  that  will  include  the  following
services:

         o        POTS, or plain old telephone service;

         o        information monitoring and control services,  such as remotely
                  monitored  security  systems,  home  and  building  management
                  systems,   telemedicine   services  for  remote  diagnosis  of
                  patients'  symptoms,  and long distance  educational  learning
                  services;

         o        video teleconferencing;

         o        multimedia teleconferencing,  with voice, video, graphics, and
                  electronic file transfer, etc.;

         o        video-on-demand,  where the  subscriber  customer  requests  a
                  certain TV  programming,  such as a movie, at a time he or she
                  specifies;

         o        database,   information  and  retrieval  services,  for  home,
                  business,   homeland  security,   law  enforcement  and  other
                  security  agencies,  where an individual or agent can access a
                  database from his terminal;

         o        telemarketing   services  for  video  catalogue  shopping  for
                  home-shopping,   business  to   business,   and   business  to
                  residence; and

         o        long distance  learning,  where  students are connected from a
                  remote location, such as their homes, or classroom,  through a
                  one-way video basis, or in a group.

         Other  services that will be available to utility  companies from these
technologies  include, but are not limited to, energy management services,  such
as:

         o        remote and automated meter reading;

         o        spot pricing of electrical energy; and

         o        load balancing.

Remote  meter  readings  and accurate  spot  pricing of  electrical  energy have
already provided saving measures to utility companies, which should subsequently
benefit utility customers.

GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS' LOW VOLTAGE SYSTEM

         The  iGate low  voltage  system  can  support  up to 16 to 25  customer
premise  equipment  units.  Gridline's  low  voltage  coupler  hangs  next to an
electric  service  pole.  The  low  voltage  iPLC  coupler  is the  device  that
superimposes  broadband  signals into an 110V electric  power line,  and removes
broadband signals from the same electrical line. This system is VoIP ready, with
optional VoIP equipment.  It can serve  multi-unit homes and buildings with many
apartments or offices.  The proposed data rate for  Gridline's low voltage is 14
Mbps to 25 Mbps,  and can reach up to 2,500 feet.  Gridline's  custumer  premise
equipment is able to obtain  instant access to the Internet and also to the home
network through the power outlet.  Each customer  premise  equipment has its own
security  feature,  due to added  individual key  encryption.  Other features of
customer premise equipment include:


                                      -20-
<PAGE>


         o        packet based data communication; and

         o        readiness   for   service   features   such  as  VoIP,   video
                  conferencing,  video on demand,  and security  monitoring  for
                  homes and offices.

         Gridline has proposed that its  specification  for its customer premise
units will  include the  ability to support  standard  hub and router  hardware.
Other target specification for its customer premise units is:

         o        maximum  data rate of  between  14 Mbps and 25 Mbps,  although
                  practical average data rate will be in the range of 2 Mbps and
                  4 Mbps;

         o        reach of up to 2,500 feet;

         o        channel specific adaptive loading;

         o        forward error correction;

         o        individual encryption;

         o        USB; and

         o        plug and play capabilities with Windows(R).

         A  repeater  is used to relay  frames  between  the PLC  router and the
customer premise equipment.  It is able to automatically  detect an existing PLC
device,  and is anticipated to be easy to install.  The repeater's  data rate is
anticipated to be between 14 Mbps and 25 Mbps, and its data  transmission  limit
is  anticipated  to be up to 2,500 feet.  Gridline  believes that its PLC router
will  be  able to  support  5 to 10  repeaters.  Its  PLC  low  voltage  network
management software and server will be responsible for monitoring and management
of the network and basic remote operation of the network (power reset).  PLC low
voltage network management  software includes iGate's proprietary simple network
management  protocol,  which will be responsible  for  subscriber  registration,
authentication, and activity monitoring.

GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS' MEDIUM VOLTAGE SYSTEM

         Gridline's  medium  voltage  system is  distinct  from its low  voltage
configuration  in that it  requires  significantly  more  hardware  than the low
voltage  system.  The hardware  required is relatively  easy to install,  and it
automatically  detects  existing  PLC  devices.   Gridline's  strategic  product
development  partner,  iGate, has indicated its willingness to assist Gridline's
successful entry into the market by assisting Gridline to ensure that Gridline's
products are competitively priced compared to cable modem and DSL.

PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT TIMELINE

         Under terms of Gridline's new schedule with iGate, both low voltage and
medium  voltage  BPL systems are due for  commercial  pilot  testing by March 1,
2005, with shipment of the commercial  products forty-five (45) days thereafter;
provided that  development  fees in the aggregate amount of $700,000 are paid in
five (5)  installments,  with the final  installment  due March  2005.  To date,
$690,000 has been paid to iGate in development fees for both the low voltage and
medium voltage categories of BPL.

MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION


                                      -21-
<PAGE>


         Gridline intends to market its products and services  initially through
a network of key industry  participants.  Gridline  believes the  experience and
credibility  of these  participants  will be effective in convincing  utilities,
other telecommunications  services offerors, and home appliance manufacturers to
deploy and  implement  our products and  services.  The recent  additions of key
industry  members to  Gridline's  Technology  Advisory  Board to advise and give
direction and input to Gridline's  executive team will be of significant benefit
in reaching its penetration goals in the PLC market.  Gridline plans to continue
to build its network of industry  influencer/endorsers.  Gridline  plans to seek
immediate  trials of its  products  and services in the PLC market in the fourth
quarter of 2004.

         Gridline's business model is a license and co-operation model. Gridline
proposes to sell or auction  licenses to power companies and sell  cooperatively
its products  and services to power  companies  and other  vendors who will,  in
turn, sell these products and services to end users.  Gridline believes that its
licensees will be attracted by the  opportunity to capture new markets and offer
telecommunications  services to new and existing  customers.  Gridline  believes
that this model will allow it and its  licensees  to become a low cost  provider
for  these   services.   Gridline   intends   to   assemble   and   market   the
telecommunications  system using iGate's system architecture and proprietary PLC
technology  together  with  components  from  major  product  manufacturers  and
distributors,  such as  Siemens.  Gridline  intends  to work  with the  electric
utilities to install these  components as required  throughout  the on the power
grid and on customer premises.  Gridline  anticipates that its utility licensees
will maintain the  relationship  with the end-user,  billing and  collecting for
telecommunications services, electric power or other services.

COMPETITION

         Gridline   anticipates  that  it  will  be  in  competition  with  both
traditional  telecommunications  and ISP companies engaged in providing Internet
services to end-users and related businesses.  Over the past few years, the size
and revenue  potential of the  broadband  market has created a crowded  field of
first  generation  broadband  Internet  companies.  In the United  States,  some
utility  companies are  currently  conducting  trials or tests with  residential
end-users,  in partnership  with early entrants in the PLC market.  Consolidated
Edison, for instance, is working with Current  Technologies,  Inc., and PepCo to
conduct tests in the distribution of broadband Internet access over power lines,
and  substation  monitoring and Ambient  Corporation is currently  collaborating
with a number of electronics utilities.

         To the  knowledge  of  Gridline,  the only  companies  in the  U.S.  to
announce the first large scale  commercial  PLC  deployments  in a U.S. city are
Prospect Street Broadband,  L.L.C. and Ambient Corporation.  Overall, the number
of  participants  in the PLC  market  at this  time is  small.  There  are still
challenges  in terms of cost  estimates to  end-users,  profitability,  speed of
connectivity, and how best the opportunity can be harnessed.

         The  Gridline  approach  is  distinct  from  that  of its  competitors.
Gridline  plans to offer bundled PLC services and products to vendors,  and to a
greater variety of customers. Gridline believes that its proprietary combination
will include the best  technologies  in the PLC industry,  including  components
such as  modems,  chipsets,  MAC and  IP-enabled  software  for  home  appliance
automation,  voice,  video and data,  which will give our  customers an array of
products and services.  Gridline believes that this will enable its customers to
provide new services, which they could not ordinarily provide without Gridline's
suite of PLC  technology  products  and  services.  Gridline  intends to provide
consultation  services with customers to optimize their systems,  by providing a
"best-fit"  suite of products  and services to allow power  companies  and other
customers  to  increase  their  respective  profit  margins.  Finally,  Gridline
believes that its collaboration with iGate will uniquely position it with one of
the leading technological partners for PLC delivery systems.

INDUSTRY OVERVIEW


                                      -22-
<PAGE>


         OPPORTUNITY

         Electricity  service  networks form the most  extensive  network in the
world,  with over three billion  worldwide  end-users,  and Gridline expects the
industry  to  continue  to grow in reach and usage.  Power  line  communications
technology  for the  delivery of broadband  is likely to be  successful  because
power lines are already  installed  in most homes and  offices,  and it provides
multipoint  connectivity  for the use with no new cabling  required.  Power line
access also  offers a  point-to-multipoint  connectivity,  which means users can
share  costs of  installation  associated  with PLC  equipment  retooling.  U.S.
federal regulators have preliminarily  approved PLC access technology.  Goals of
the Federal  Communication  Commission  ("FCC") include boosting Internet access
competition, and lowering consumer costs, thereby bridging the digital divide in
less developed  areas,  these goals will be furthered by PLC access  technology.
Power  line  broadband   access  also  holds  the  potential  for  new  business
opportunities   for  utilities,   telecommunications   companies,   PTTs  (post,
telegraph,  and  telecommunications   companies),   cable  operators,  and  home
appliance equipment  manufacturers.  The benefits of PLC access technology could
be extensive, impacting people and industries worldwide. Utilities will have the
opportunity  to  diversify  by adding  new  services  in the  telecommunications
market.  PLC access  companies will be able to solve "last mile" access problems
cheaply and efficiently, without new cabling, thus expanding their revenue base.
Cable  operators  will have an opportunity to provide voice services to existing
customers.

         In developing countries, Gridline believes that PLC could leap-frog the
prevalent broadband technologies. A recent United Nations study has stressed the
importance of eliminating the digital divide,  both within the population of the
advanced countries of the world that are wealthy,  and between the rich and poor
countries of the world.  Although electricity coverage is low in some countries,
and PLC may not  provide an  immediate  solution  with  regard to  bridging  the
digital divide,  national  development  plans of most developing  countries make
electric service a very high priority  compared to the installation of dedicated
copper or digital telephone lines to homes or offices.  PLC technology  provides
the  potential  to vastly  extend  broadband  coverage by having the capacity to
capitalize  upon  the  development  plans to  bring  electricity  to more of the
world's  population.  This  expansion  can be done at a fraction  of the capital
outlay  needed for the new cabling of either  copper wire or fiber  dedicated to
telecommunications.

         In China,  recent  data  indicates  that there are  approximately  nine
phones  for every 100  citizens;  this  represents  a low  hard-wire  line phone
penetration.  However,  there are  approximately  33.5  television  sets per 100
inhabitants,  which signify much higher electricity  coverage in the population.
However, in more advanced countries, the ratio is almost 1:1 for both television
and  hard-wire  line phones.  These  figures show that the  electricity  network
penetration rate is relatively high in emerging economies,  thus the penetration
rate is  comparable  to that of many  advanced  countries,  while  the  landline
telephone  coverage  or  teledensity  is very  low.  Based  upon the  foregoing,
analysts  may draw the  conclusion  that the  effect  of using  the  electricity
network for  telecommunications  would  substantially  increase  teledensity per
population in developing countries of the world. In these countries, governments
and  international   financial  institutions  would  rather  invest  to  provide
electricity first, which will lead to "bundled  communications  services," which
would   include   voice   communication   technology,   rather  than   telephone
communication  lines alone.  By adding voice by means of the Internet,  known as
"voice over IP" or "VoIP," features to PLC,  governments in developing countries
can avoid undertaking highly capital intensive cabling projects for implementing
dedicated hard-wire line cabling, be it copper or fiber-optic.


                                      -23-
<PAGE>


         MARKET ANALYSIS

         According   to  the   May   2004   revised   statistics   reported   by
www.InternetworldStats.com,  worldwide  Internet user totals  (consisting of 233
countries)  stands at over 785 million users. This represents about 12.2% of the
world's  population,  and a growth rate for the Internet of 106% since 2000. The
region with the highest  penetration  rate is North  America,  with 70.4% of the
population  having  Internet  access.  Africa has the lowest rate of penetration
with 1.4% user access.  Europe has an average  penetration  rate of 29.9%,  with
Sweden with the highest rate of 76.8%. Eastern European countries,  on the other
hand,  registered the lowest  penetration rate for Europe.  Asia has the highest
number of Internet users in the world,  with over 243 million users.  The Middle
East  exhibits the highest  growth rates of 219% for the  four-year  period 2000
through 2004.

         With regard to broadband specifically,  Nielsen/NetRatings,  the global
standard  for Internet  audience  measurement  and  analysis in recent  reports,
indicates that there are 39 million  Americans (13%)  connecting to the Internet
by means of  broadband.  By May  2003,  broadband  users in  American  homes had
increased  49%;  while during the same period  narrowband  users  declined  12%.
Despite  this  higher  growth  rate,  narrowband  users  continue  to  outnumber
broadband  users by a ratio of 3:1; the main reason for the  disparity is price.
However,  Gridline  believes  that  Regulators  see PLC as a means  to  increase
competition,  thereby  lowering  costs to end users,  and  bridging  the digital
divide within the United States.

         The Yankee Group's current estimates of U.S.  households with broadband
will  top 61.5  million  by the year  2008.  In  Europe,  Asia,  and  elsewhere,
broadband usage is also growing.

         SIGNIFICANT BROADBAND DEVELOPMENTS IN THE LAST 12 MONTHS

         InternetworldStats.com  concluded  that by the end of 2003,  there were
over 100 million broadband lines worldwide, from DSL to cable modems (over cable
TV networks), and over fiber optic cable lines. In 2003, the number of worldwide
broadband  users  increased  from 79.4  million  in the  second  quarter to 84.4
million in the third  quarter.  The VoIP features of broadband are now providing
non-traditional telecommunication companies an opportunity to enter into an area
that  would  have been  extremely  expensive  for them to enter a few years ago.
Companies such as Yahoo!, and others, are providing  inexpensive voice services,
on top of data, to end-users thereby undercutting traditional telecommunications
companies.  DSL is beginning to catch up with narrowband in most countries,  and
only a drastic shift into new and  innovative  services,  such as PLC, will keep
ISPs and other vendors ahead of the competition.  Gridline's  "bundled services"
present  telecommunications   companies,  cable  operators,  utility  companies,
equipment  manufacturers and others a strategic shift into a new basket of value
added services to end-users, and additional revenue streams.

         BROADBAND INDUSTRY REVENUES

         The market research firm Forward Concepts  recently  published a report
on the worldwide revenue  potential of the broadband market,  which includes DSL
and cable  modem  access  technologies.  The  report  projected  total  industry
revenue,  worldwide,  of over $80 billion  annually by 2006, and that the growth
rate will  continue to be very  aggressive,  in spite of the lull that  occurred
during the last two to three years.  The study by Forward Concepts points to the
fact that although the market and revenue for DSL,  cable modem  equipment,  and
semiconductors  has been in a lull in recent  years,  the industry is entering a
new  phase of  opportunity  for the  right  mix of new  products  and  services.
Gridline's goal is to  strategically  center itself by offering the right mix of
"bundled services",  which many analysts have deemed necessary in redefining the
shift for developing new revenue  opportunities  in the industry.  The shift for
new growth opportunities for telecommunications  companies, cable operators, and
equipment   manufacturers  and  chip  makers  is  necessary  for  them  to  stay
competitive in an increasingly  deregulated  industry.  Gridline  believes that,
without this strategic shift, traditional telecommunications companies, cellular
phone companies,  cable companies, and ISPs will see their revenue shrinking and
declining.


                                      -24-
<PAGE>


These service providers must look for new sources of revenue growth by embracing
and offering a new basket of "bundled  services".  Gridline  believes that it is
strategically  imperative  that they be among  those  offering  a new  basket of
"bundled services." Revenue for equipment sales of cable and DSL modems alone is
projected to reach $4 billion annually by 2006 and revenue for sales of chips is
projected  to reach $800  million  annually by 2006.  Much of the  spending  and
investments by  telecommunications  companies,  cable operators,  and ISPs, have
produced shrinking returns in the last three years, and the industry has started
to see the need to  respond  to new  opportunities.  Industry  participants  are
looking for a vertical  solutions  provider that understands their needs and can
deliver  the  complete  basket  of  technology  solutions  that  will  appeal to
end-users  in a cost  effective  manner.  The goal is to  increase  the  average
revenue  per  subscriber.  Gridline  believes  that  its  broadband  PLC  access
technologies offer that possibility to end-users.

EMPLOYEES; OPERATIONS AND MANAGEMENT OFFICES

         Gridline  currently  employs three people in the following  capacities:
Chief Executive Officer, [Chief Financial Officer], and Executive Vice President
of Sales and Marketing.  Gridline considers its relations with its employees and
consultants  to be excellent.  Gridline does not envisage a work  stoppage,  and
none of its potential  employees and  consultants  is  represented by collective
bargaining agreements.  Gridline believes that its future success will depend in
part on our ability to attract,  integrate, retain and motivate highly qualified
personnel,  and upon the  continued  service  of our senior  management  and key
Technology  Advisory  Board  personnel.  None of its key  personnel are bound by
employment  agreements  that prohibit  them from ending their  employment at any
time.  Competition  for  qualified  personnel in its  industry and  geographical
location is intense.  Gridline  cannot  provide  any  assurance  that it will be
successful in  attracting,  integrating,  retaining and  motivating a sufficient
number of qualified employees to conduct its business in the future.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         Gridline is not currently subject to any pending legal proceedings.



                           RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

         Gridline  has entered into a  Solution(s)  and  Product(s)  Development
Agreement  (the  "DEVELOPMENT  AGREEMENT")  with  iGate  Inc.  ("IGATE"),  dated
effective as of July 16,  2004,  pursuant to which iGate has agreed to develop a
technical  solution and product package to transport  high-speed data over power
lines for both low-voltage and high-voltage systems. Pursuant to the Development
Agreement, as amended, Gridline has obtained the exclusive right to use, market,
sell,  maintain,  and repair  all  patents,  drawings,  parts  lists,  firmware,
engineering change notices,  design notes, and all such data needed to implement
the solutions and services to be delivered by the products that Gridline intends
to manufacture, and includes all local networks for simultaneous, bi-directional
transmission  of video  bandwidth  signals  technology  owned by iGate,  whether
patented or  unpatented.  In exchange  for this  exclusive  right,  Gridline has
agreed to manufacture  100,000 units for each of the next five years.  Under the
Development  Agreement,  Gridline  paid  $700,000  to iGate  during 2004 for the
development  of a  low-voltage  system  and has the  option of  paying  iGate an
additional $500,000 for the development of a mid-voltage system during 2005. The
cost of manufacturing,  installing,  and delivering  service to customers is the
responsibility  of Gridline and is not included in the cost of development  paid
to iGate. Vernon L. Jackson, a Director, co-founder, and substantial stockholder
of  Gridline,  owns a  controlling  interest  in iGate  and  serves as its chief
executive  officer.  Gridline  believes  that the fees  due to iGate  under  the
Development  Agreement  reasonably represent iGate's costs for such products and
services and,  therefore,  that such products and services are provided on terms
no less favorable or onerous to Gridline than those which would be obtained from
unrelated parties.


                                      -25-
<PAGE>


         Gridline has entered into an Investment Capital Fee Agreement (the "FEE
AGREEMENT")  with D.E. Wine  Investments  Inc.,  effective as of August 2, 2004,
pursuant to which D.E. Wine Investments has been paid a commission of 10% of the
principal  amount of 8%  Convertible  Notes Due September 10, 2005. To date D.E.
Wine  Investments has sold $969,000 of the 8% Convertible  Notes.  The Notes are
convertible  into shares of Gridline  common  stock at the  conversion  price of
$0.10 per share and mature on September 10, 2005.  No Notes have been  converted
to date.

         Mr.  Duncan E.  Wine,  who is  Chairman  of the Board of  Directors  of
Gridline,  receives ad hoc consulting  fees for services  requested by the Chief
Executive Officer of Gridline pursuant to a Consulting  Agreement,  effective as
of September 1, 2004.  The  Consulting  Agreement  provides for a monthly fee of
$10,000  to be paid to Mr.  Wine for a period  of two years  from the  effective
date. Mr. Wine's consulting services have been necessary during Gridline's start
up phase due to restrictions in hiring  permanent  staff.  Mr. Wine has received
$25,000 for his services to date.

         Mr. Gerard Werner, the Registrant's current president,  chief executive
officer and director has entered into a consulting  agreement  with  Gridline (a
copy of which is attached  hereto as Exhibit  10.6).  Commencing the date of the
Closing, Mr. Werner will provide consulting services to Gridline for six months.
Mr.  Werner  will  receive  $50,000  as  consideration  of  performance  of  his
consulting services.



                         MANAGEMENT'S PLAN OF OPERATIONS

         Management's  Plan of  Operations  and other  portions  of this  report
contain  forward-looking  information  that  involve  risks  and  uncertainties.
Gridline's  actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by the
forward-looking  information.  Factors that may cause such differences  include,
but are not limited to,  availability and cost of financial  resources,  product
demand,  market  acceptance and other factors discussed in this report under the
heading  "Risk  Factors".  Management's  Plan of  Operations  should  be read in
conjunction with Gridline's  financial statements and the related notes included
elsewhere in this report.

OVERVIEW

         CORPORATE BACKGROUND

         The  Registrant,  North Shore Capital IV Inc., a Colorado  corporation,
has conducted no operations  and has generated no revenue since its inception in
February,  1999. It is a public shell company that has been seeking to engage in
a business combination with an operating or development stage company.

         Gridline  Communications  Corporation,  a  Delaware  corporation,  is a
development stage company formed in July 2004 to provide integrated distribution
of broadband  telecommunication  and data transmission  through electrical power
lines to residences and businesses. Gridline plans to provide PLC, or BPL, using
existing electric power transmission and distribution lines. PLC technology will
allow Gridline,  through utility  companies,  to send video,  Internet and voice
communications  over  standard  50 or  60  Hz  voltage  frequencies.  Since  its
inception on July 1, 2004 through September 30, 2004, Gridline has recognized no
revenues and recorded a net loss of $497,196.

         PLAN OF OPERATIONS


                                      -26-
<PAGE>


         From  inception  to date,  Gridline  has  been  primarily  involved  in
organizing  the company,  negotiating  vendor and  personnel  contracts,  making
arrangements  for the commercial use and deployment of the iGate  technology and
preliminary  development  of its  initial  customer  base.  Gridline  intends to
negotiate for long-term  contracts with electric utility companies,  competitive
local exchange  carriers ISPs, and cable modem operators.  Under these long-term
contracts,  Gridline expects to deliver  equipment and technical support for the
benefit of its customer and various end-users.

DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY

         Gridline  is in  the  early  stage  of  operation  and,  as  such,  the
relationships  between revenue, cost of revenue and operating expenses reflected
in the financial  information  included herein do not represent  future expected
financial relationships.  Gridline expects that such expenses will increase with
the escalation of sales and marketing activities and transaction volumes, but at
a much slower rate of growth than the corresponding  revenue  increase.  Much of
the cost of revenue and operating expenses reflected herein are relatively fixed
costs.  Accordingly,  Gridline believes that, at such stage of operations period
to period comparisons of results of operations are not meaningful.

         Gridline expects to incur significant  expenses without  generating any
revenue,  at least through the installation and completion of initial testing of
its commercial  pilot facility,  which is not  anticipated  before May 15, 2004.
Under terms of Gridline's  new schedule with iGate,  both low voltage and medium
voltage PLC systems are due for commercial  pilot testing by March 1, 2005, with
shipment  of  the  commercial   products  45  days  thereafter;   provided  that
development fees in the amount of $1,400,000 ($700,000 for each system) are paid
in five scheduled  installments,  with the final  installment due March 2005. To
date, Gridline has paid $590,000 to iGate in aggregate  development fees for the
low voltage and medium voltage PLC systems.

            For the  first  half of  2005  and  through  initial  deployment  of
products in its first  commercial  service area,  Gridline  anticipates that its
primary  source of revenue will be a  combination  of fees and  project-specific
grants  from  customers  who  elect to  implement  its PLC  system.  Thereafter,
Gridline expects to receive fees for service from commercial utilities, ISPs and
cable companies for Gridline's  residential  and commercial  data service,  VoIP
operations,  and  Video on  Demand  operation.  Under  terms of its  anticipated
customer licenses,  Gridline anticipates sharing revenue with its customers from
service fees paid by end users,  depending on customer and end-user requirements
and the deployment model adopted by the parties.

         Gridline also anticipates additional costs associated with the addition
of up to five new employees  concurrently with the anticipated completion of its
commercial pilot facility,  and the addition of twelve additional  employees for
the  development of commercial  service areas  thereafter.  Under current plans,
Gridline will need  approximately  $2,000,000 of additional  capital to continue
its  development  operations  and hire and retain such new employees  during the
next  12  months.  Gridline  is  currently  seeking  to  arrange  an  additional
$2,250,000 in bridge  financing to fulfill those needs.  See Managements Plan of
Operations "LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES" below.

COST OF REVENUES

         Cost of sales will consist of costs of equipment manufactured,  cost of
installation,  maintenance and cost of customer  services  including call center
expenses.  Many  factors are  anticipated  to affect  Gridline's  gross  margin,
including,  but not  limited  to,  volume of  production  orders  placed and the
competitiveness of the broadband products  industry.  Management  currently does
not anticipate that Gridline will operate its own production  facilities,  as it
intends to outsource manufacturing to a third party low cost provider.


                                      -27-
<PAGE>


EXPENSES AND CAPITAL EXPENDITURES

            Gridline's  operating  expenses  for the  period  from  July 1, 2004
(inception)   through   September  30,  2004  were   comprised  of  general  and
administrative  expenses only. Gridline expects to incur significant  additional
expenses before  generating any revenue,  at least through the  installation and
completion of initial  testing of its commercial  pilot  facility,  which is not
anticipated  before May 15,  2004.  General  and  administrative  expenses  were
$197,196 for the quarter ended  September 30, 2004.  These expenses are expected
to increase  significantly  as Gridline adds employees to support its commercial
pilot facility and to deploy its initial commercial service area.

            General  and  administrative  expenses  include  all  corporate  and
administrative  functions  that serve to support  Gridline's  current and future
operations and provide an infrastructure  to support future growth.  Major items
in  this   category   include   management   and  staff   salaries,   traveling,
entertainment, rent/leases and professional services.

         Interest expense,  including finance charges,  relates primarily to its
sale of Gridline's 8% convertible Notes Due September 10, 2005. Gridline expects
interest  expenses to decrease  initially  as notes are  converted to equity and
then for  interest  expense to  increase as the  company  leverages  its equity.
Gridline also expects these  expenses to increase as a requirement  of operating
as a public  company,  and  anticipates  that its sales and marketing costs will
fluctuate as a percentage of revenue due to the addition of sales  personnel and
various marketing activities planned throughout the year.

            Gridline intends to engage in a dedicated  marketing and sales plan,
including  co-marketing  together  with  our  customers  to  end  users,  direct
marketing in trade  publications,  direct mail  programs  for specific  markets,
marketing  through  indirect  sales channels and public  relations.  The initial
campaign,  currently  under way, is designed to expose Gridline and its products
and services to electric  utilities,  ISPs,  cable companies and other potential
customers. After completion of its commercial pilot facility,  Gridline plans to
hire additional sales and marketing  personnel and prepare product brochures and
other  promotional  materials to create awareness among end users concerning the
products and services  provided by the company.  Gridline  incurred no sales and
marketing  expenses  for the  quarter  ended  September  30,  2004,  because its
commercial  products  are  still  being  developed  for sale to  customers,  but
anticipates  expenditures of approximately $1,000,000 in 2005 in connection with
its sales, marketing and public relations efforts.

            Gridline's  principal capital expenditures have been for purposes of
research and  development,  acquisition of capital  equipment and engagement and
retention of personnel.  Gridline  anticipates  relatively high  expenditures in
these  categories to complete the  development  of its products and services for
initial  commercial  deployment.   Gridline  incurred  capital  expenditures  of
$300,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2004, and anticipates  expenditures
of  approximately  $300,000  in the fourth  quarter of 2004 and  $700,000 in the
first  quarter  of 2005 for  completion  of  commercial  development  of its low
voltage and medium voltage PLC system and  commercial  deployment in its initial
service area.  Gridline  anticipates  continuing  research and  development  and
capital  equipment  expenditures  thereafter as required to deliver products and
services  with the product  features,  quality of service and price  demanded by
customers and end users. As a result,  Gridline anticipates  significant ongoing
research and development and other capital expenditures.

POTENTIAL FLUCTUATIONS IN QUARTERLY OPERATING RESULTS

            In addition to the transitional  nature of revenues and expenditures
resulting  from  Gridline's  status as a  Development  stage  company,  Gridline
expects to experience significant fluctuations in its future quarterly operating
results due to a variety of factors,  many of which are outside of its  control.
Those factors that may adversely affect Gridline's  quarterly  operating results
include: (i) its ability to


                                      -28-
<PAGE>


retain existing customers,  attract new customers at a steady rate, and maintain
customer  satisfaction;  (ii) the  announcement  or  introduction  of new sites,
services, and products by Gridline and its competitors;  (iii) price competition
or higher  prices in the industry;  (iv) the level of use of broadband  Internet
services,  such as those offered by Gridline;  (v) Gridline's ability to upgrade
and develop its systems and  infrastructure  in a timely and  effective  manner;
(vi) technical difficulties,  system downtime, or Internet brownouts;  (vii) the
amount  and timing of  operating  costs and  capital  expenditures  relating  to
expansion  of  Gridline's  business,  operations,  and  infrastructure;   (viii)
government  regulation;  and  (ix)  general  economic  conditions  and  economic
conditions  specific to the  Internet,  the power  industry,  and the  broadband
services industry.

         Due  to  the  foregoing  factors,  in  one  or  more  future  quarters,
Gridline's  operating  results  may fall below the  expectations  of  securities
analysts and  investors.  In such event,  the trading price of the  Registrant's
common stock would likely be materially adversely affected.

ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES; ANTICIPATED EFFECT OF GROWTH

         Below is a brief  description  of  basic  accounting  principles  which
Gridline has adopted in determining its recognition of revenues and expenses, as
well as a brief  description  of the effects that  management  believes that its
anticipated  growth will have on  Gridline's  revenues  and expenses in the next
twelve (12) months.

REVENUES

         Sales   revenue  will  be  recognized  as  services  are  delivered  to
Gridline's  customers.  Gridline may also collect  license fees for the right to
sell services using Gridline's technology and equipment. Rates for such services
are yet to be established. It is anticipated that the rates Gridline charges for
its services will not be regulated by state or federal  regulators,  but this is
yet to be determined.  As of September 30, 2004, Gridline was in its development
phase and had no active  customers.  Management of Gridline expects the services
it sells to fluctuate with the changes in demand from its  customers.  The price
Gridline  charges its customers is also expected to fluctuate as a result of the
current economic situation and its impact on the market. Furthermore, management
expects  sales to grow as the  public  becomes  aware of the  advantages  of PLC
technology  and Gridline  develops its reputation as a provider in the broadband
services and product market.

         Gridline  believes that the essential element of its success will be to
obtain adequate financial  resources to complete the development of its products
and services  for  commercial  use and to market and deliver  such  products and
services to electric  utilities,  ISPs, cable  companies,  and home and business
users.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

         Gridline's  principal  sources of liquidity  have been cash provided by
offerings of convertible debt securities. Gridline's principal uses of cash have
been for general and  administrative  expenses  and  research  and  development.
Gridline  anticipates  that  these  uses,  as well as  working  capital  and the
acquisition cost of capital equipment, will be its principal uses of cash in the
future.

         Gridline currently has outstanding $690,000 of its 8% convertible notes
due September 10, 2005 (the "NOTES"). The Notes may be prepaid at any time prior
to  maturity  for a cash price equal to the 105% of the face amount of the note,
plus all accrued and unpaid  interest to the redemption  date.  The  outstanding
principal amount, together with all accrued and unpaid interest on the notes, is
convertible into Gridline common stock at the rate of $0.10 per share. Following
the Transaction,  the Notes may be converted into the number of shares of common
stock of the Registrant  for which the shares of Gridline  common stock that are
issuable  upon  conversion  of such  Notes  could  have  been  exchanged  in the


                                      -29-
<PAGE>


Transaction,  based on the applicable Exchange Ratio. If holders of the Notes do
not elect to convert their Notes on or before  maturity  thereof,  Gridline will
need  to  obtain  additional  financing,  in the  form of  equity,  debt or bank
financing, in order to pay the Notes at maturity.

         Gridline requires substantial additional financing in order to complete
the development phase of the business and implement its business plan.  Gridline
is currently seeking to arrange an additional  $2,250,000 in bridge financing to
fulfill its capital  needs for the next 12 months.  Gridline and the  Registrant
have  recently  been  engaged  in  negotiations   with  financial   institutions
concerning  private equity or mezzanine  debt financing  which would provide the
Registrant  with $3.0 million,  less certain costs of the financing,  to be used
for repayment of Gridline's  proposed  bridge  financing  described  above,  for
repayment of Gridline's outstanding Notes, if holders do not elect to covert all
outstanding  amounts  under  the Notes on or before  maturity,  and for  general
corporate purposes. There can be no assurance, however, that either the Gridline
bridge  financing or the  Registrant's  proposed  institutional  financing  will
occur.   As  the  anticipated   cash  generated  by  Gridline's   operations  is
insufficient  to fund the  growth  requirements,  Gridline  will  need to obtain
additional  funds through third party  financing in the form of equity,  debt or
bank financing.

          In light of the  limited  shareholders'  equity as well as the lack of
operating history of Gridline and the Registrant, there can be no assurance that
either  company  will be able to obtain the  necessary  additional  capital on a
timely  basis or on  acceptable  terms,  if at all, to fund the  development  of
Gridline's  business  or satisfy  its  existing  debts.  In any of such  events,
Gridline's  business  growth and  prospects  would be  materially  and adversely
affected.  As a result of any such  financing,  the holders of the  Registrant's
common stock may experience substantial dilution.

         The  following  factors,  among others,  could cause actual  results to
differ from those  indicated in the above  forward-looking  statements:  pricing
pressures in the industry; a downturn in the economy in general or in the PLC or
broadband products sector; weak demand for its products;  its ability to attract
new  customers;  an increase in  competition  in the market for its products and
services;  and the  ability of some of its new  licensees  to obtain  financing.
These factors, and additional risks and uncertainties not known to Gridline,  or
that it currently  deems  immaterial may impair business  operations,  may cause
Gridline's  actual  results  to  differ  materially  from  any   forward-looking
statement.

         Although   Gridline   believes  the   expectations   reflected  in  the
forward-looking  statements are reasonable,  it cannot guarantee future results,
levels of activity,  performance or  achievements.  Gridline is under no duty to
update any of the  forward-looking  statements  after the date of this report to
conform them to actual results or to make changes in its expectations.

         Since  inception,  Gridline has generated no revenue and cannot provide
any assurance that it will generate revenue in the future.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

         Increases in interest  rates will affect the cost of financing  and may
affect the Company's  ability to obtain  favorable  financing  terms in order to
grow as anticipated.

OFF BALANCE SHEET FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS

         Neither the Registrant nor Gridline has any off balance sheet financing
arrangements.

IMPACT OF INFLATION

         Gridline believes that its results of operations are not dependent upon
moderate  changes in inflation rates as it expects it will be able to pass along
component price increases to its customers.


                                      -30-
<PAGE>


SEASONALITY
         Gridline does not expect any material seasonality in sales fluctuations
in the market for its products and services.

RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS AND CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         In December 2002, the FASB issued  Statement No. 148,  "Accounting  for
Stock-Based Compensation-Transition and Disclosure," which amends FASB Statement
No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation, to provide alternative methods
of  transition  for a  voluntary  change  to the  fair  value  based  method  of
accounting for stock-based employee  compensation.  In addition,  this Statement
amends  the  disclosure  requirements  of  Statement  123 to  require  prominent
disclosures in both annual and interim financial  statements about the method of
accounting for stock-based  employee  compensation  and the effect of the method
used  on  reported  results.  The  transition  guidance  and  annual  disclosure
provisions of Statement 148 are effective for fiscal years ending after December
15, 2002,  with earlier  application  permitted  in certain  circumstances.  The
interim  disclosure  provisions are effective for financial  reports  containing
financial  statements for interim periods beginning after December 15, 2002. The
adoption  of this  statement  did not have a  material  impact on the  Company's
financial  position  or results of  operations  as  Gridline  has not engaged in
either of these activities.

           In May 2003,  the FASB issued SFAS No. 150,  "Accounting  for Certain
Financial  Instruments  with  Characteristics  of both  Liabilities and Equity."
Statement 150  establishes  standards for how an issuer  classifies and measures
certain  financial  instrument  with  characteristics  of both  liabilities  and
equity. It requires that issuers classify a financial  instrument that is within
its  scope as a  liability  (or an asset in some  circumstances).  Many of those
instruments were previously classified as equity. Some of the provisions of this
Statement with the definitions of liabilities in FASB Concepts  Statement No. 6,
"Elements of Financial  Statements." The remaining  provisions of this Statement
are consistent with the Board's  proposal to revise that definition to encompass
certain  obligations  that a reporting  entity can or must settle by issuing its
own  equity  shares,  depending  on the nature of the  relationship  established
between  the holder and the  issuer.  While the Board still plans to revise that
definition  through an amendment until it has concluded its deliberations on the
next phase of this  project.  That next phase  will deal with  certain  compound
financial  instrument  including  puttable shares,  convertible  bonds, and dual
indexed  financial  instruments.  This  Statement  is  effective  for  financial
instruments  entered  into  modified  after  June 30,  2003,  and  otherwise  is
effective at the beginning of the first interim period  beginning after June 15,
2003,  except for  mandatory  redeemable  financial  instruments  of  non-public
entities. Gridline does not expect adoption of this statement to have a material
impact on its financial position or results of operations.


                                      -31-
<PAGE>


                                  RISK FACTORS

         SET  FORTH  BELOW  ARE A NUMBER  OF RISKS  ASSOCIATED  WITH  GRIDLINE'S
BUSINESS  UPON  CONSUMMATION  OF THE  CLOSING  AND  WITH ANY  INVESTMENT  IN THE
REGISTRANT'S  COMMON  STOCK.  IN ADDITION TO THE  FOLLOWING  RISKS,  AN INVESTOR
SHOULD BE MINDFUL  THAT  BUSINESSES  ARE OFTEN  SUBJECT TO RISKS NOT FORESEEN BY
MANAGEMENT.  ACCORDINGLY,  IN  REVIEWING  THIS  CURRENT  REPORT ON FORM 8-K, THE
READER SHOULD KEEP IN MIND OTHER RISKS THAT COULD BE IMPORTANT.

         ANY INVESTMENT IN THE  REGISTRANT  FOLLOWING THE CLOSING IS SPECULATIVE
AND  INVOLVES  A HIGH  DEGREE OF RISK.  EACH  PROSPECTIVE  INVESTOR  IS URGED TO
CAREFULLY  CONSIDER THE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES  DESCRIBED BELOW, IN ADDITION TO
THE RISKS SET FORTH  ELSEWHERE IN THIS CURRENT  REPORT ON FORM 8-K.  WHILE THESE
ARE THE RISKS AND  UNCERTAINTIES  THAT GRIDLINE  BELIEVES ARE MOST  IMPORTANT TO
CONSIDER,  THESE RISKS MAY NOT BE THE ONLY RISKS WHICH GRIDLINE,  OR,  FOLLOWING
THE CLOSING,  THE  REGISTRANT,  MAY FACE. IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING RISKS ACTUALLY
OCCUR FOLLOWING THE CLOSING,  THE BUSINESS,  PROSPECTS,  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS WOULD LIKELY SUFFER. IN THESE CIRCUMSTANCES,  THE VALUE OF
THE REGISTRANT COULD DECLINE.

         RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS

         GRIDLINE HAS NO OPERATING HISTORY. Gridline has no operating history on
which  to base  an  evaluation  of its  business  and  prospects.  Gridline  was
incorporated  on July 1, 2004, and has been funded with only minimum  capital to
date  in  the  amount  of  $1,078,670.00.  Gridline  has  engaged  primarily  in
finalizing  its  business  plan,   securing  rights  to  essential   technology,
developing  products and services,  and making  arrangements  necessary to begin
operations.   Gridline  has  not  yet  initiated  discussions  with  prospective
customers or strategic  business partners other than its key vendors.  There can
be no assurance  that the recently  assembled  management  group will be able to
successfully  exploit  the assets of  Gridline  and  effectively  implement  its
operating  strategies.  Gridline is subject to the general business risk factors
that similar  development stage companies  experience with the  responsibilities
and complexities  attendant to a new organization,  including (i) the ability to
attract  and  maintain  competent  and  experienced   management  and  operating
personnel,  (ii) the ability to secure  appropriate  debt and equity  capital to
finance  desired growth,  and (iii) the efficient  management and performance of
its operations.  Gridline's  prospects must be considered in light of the risks,
expenses and  difficulties  frequently  encountered  by technology  companies in
their early stages of development. Gridline cannot provide any assurance that it
will be  successful  in  addressing  the risks which it may  encounter,  and its
failure  to do so  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  its  business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

         THE  FUTURE  OF  GRIDLINE  IS  ENTIRELY  DEPENDENT  ON  THE  SUCCESSFUL
DEVELOPMENT OF ITS TECHNOLOGY,  PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.  Gridline is in the early
stages of the development of its PLC technology  (consisting of bundled products
and services) for electricity  utilities,  cable  operators,  home equipment and
appliance manufacturers,  and telecommunications and telecom value added service
providers.  There is no assurance  that when we complete  development of our PLC
technology  that these  companies  and  consumers  will embrace its products and
services,  nor that its products and  services  perform as expected.  Gridline's
vendors in this  product/technology  development  venture are iGate, a leader in
the design  and  development  of  broadband  products  over  existing  wire line
infrastructure,   and  Siemens   Corporation,   the  supply  chain  manager  and
manufacturer of iGate's iB2210 Broadband product  platform.  Gridline intends to
add functionality and features to power line technology products. Its ability to
continue   operations  will  depend  on  the  success  of  its  development  and
integration of leading edge technology  products and services for home appliance
manufacturers,  ISPs,  global  telecommunications  carriers,  CATV,  and certain
government  agencies.  There  can  be no  assurance  that  the  development  and
integration of Gridline's products with these industries will be successful.


                                      -32-
<PAGE>


         THE MARKET  ACCEPTANCE  OF BUNDLED  TECHNOLOGY  SOLUTIONS IS UNCERTAIN.
Even if Gridline is successful in the development of its PLC technology package,
its success will depend upon the acceptance by the various industries  discussed
above in meeting their technology needs. Gridline believes that successful field
trials  and  proof  of the  development  of its  suite of PLC  services  will be
essential for successful  marketing of its products and services,  and there can
be no assurance that any such trials or proof will be successfully obtained. Any
of the factors described above, as well as unanticipated factors, could limit or
detract  from  market  acceptance  of  our  technologies.   Insufficient  market
acceptance of these products and services  would have a material  adverse effect
on  Gridline's  business,   prospects,   financial  condition,  and  results  of
operations.

         GRIDLINE HAS LIMITED  CAPITAL AND WILL NEED  ADDITIONAL  CAPITAL IN THE
FUTURE. GRIDLINE WILL INCUR LOSSES ONCE IT BEGINS OPERATIONS WHICH WILL CONTINUE
FOR  THE  FORESEEABLE  FUTURE.   Gridline's  available  resources  will  not  be
sufficient, without additional financing, to achieve commercial operation of its
initial PLC system.  Once  Gridline  commences  operations,  it expects to incur
operating  losses  until  it  has  completed  development  of its  products  and
services,  negotiated  a number of customer  contracts  on  favorable  terms and
successfully served such customer accounts.  Although our strategic vendors have
fully  developed  much  of the  technology  to be  used  by  Gridline,  Gridline
anticipates that it will incur significant development costs before its suite of
services can be offered to customers.  During this period, Gridline expects that
it will incur significant losses. The size of these losses will depend, in part,
on the time required to complete such  development and the rate of growth in its
one-time and monthly  revenues from utilities and other  companies.  The size of
its future losses may also be impacted by non-cash  stock-based charges relating
to deferred stock-based  compensation,  stock option issuances, and amortization
of  intangible  assets.  Gridline  also  intends to spend  significant  funds on
marketing initiatives to develop brand awareness in the business-to-business and
business-to-consumer  segments of its business.  Therefore, Gridline expects its
operating  expenses  to increase  significantly  in future  years.  As a result,
Gridline  may never  achieve or sustain  profitability,  and, if it does achieve
profitability  in any  period,  it may  not  be  able  to  sustain  or  increase
profitability on a quarterly or annual basis.

         GRIDLINE  WILL NEED TO EXPAND ITS SKILLED  PERSONNEL AT ALL LEVELS IN A
LABOR MARKET THAT IS EXTREMELY  TIGHT AS WELL AS RETAIN THE THOSE PERSONNEL THAT
IT HIRES.  Gridline will be required to hire and retain skilled employees at all
levels of its operations in a market where such qualified  employees are in high
demand and are subject to  receiving  competing  offers.  The  inability to hire
needed  employees on a timely basis and/or the inability to retain those that it
does hire  could  have a  material  adverse  effect on its  ability  to meet the
schedules of its strategic plan.

         GRIDLINE WILL NEED TO SUCCESSFULLY MANAGE HIGH GROWTH RATES IN ORDER TO
SUCCEED. Gridline plans on growing at a rapid pace, which will require, in part,
the frequent  addition of new personnel in all areas of its operations.  Even if
Gridline is successful in finding and hiring the  appropriate  personnel,  there
will be a significant strain placed on its managerial, operation, reporting, and
financial resources.  Gridline is considering preliminary steps to establish the
necessary legal, accounting,  human resource management, and other relationships
and tools that will enable it to  efficiently  deal with this  growth.  However,
Gridline can provide no assurance  that it will be able to  successfully  manage
this rapid growth.

         GRIDLINE  MAY  BE  UNABLE  TO  NEGOTIATE  FLEXIBLE  VENDOR  AGREEMENTS.
Gridline  must  reach  agreements  with  third  parties  to  supply  it with the
hardware,  software,  and infrastructure  necessary to provide its services, and
the loss of access to this hardware,  software or  infrastructure or any decline
or  obsolescence  in  functionality  could cause its  customers'  businesses  to
suffer,  which,  in turn,  could  decrease  its revenues and increase our costs.
Gridline believes that strategic vendor relationships,  such as the relationship
with iGate,  will be critical to its success.  Gridline cannot provide assurance
that these  relationships can be maintained or obtained on terms favorable to it
and its stockholders. Gridline's success depends substantially on developing and
maintaining   relationships  with  strategic  partners,  such  as  suppliers  of
subscriber's customer premise and other equipments, and software. If Gridline is
unable to


                                      -33-
<PAGE>


obtain or maintain its  relationship  with  strategic  partners,  its  business,
prospects,  financial  condition,  and results of operations would be materially
adversely affected.

         GRIDLINE IS DEPENDENT ON CERTAIN KEY  PERSONNEL.  Gridline is dependent
on the services of several key personnel,  including Blaize N. Kaduru, its Chief
Executive  Officer  and  co-founder,  Duncan E.  Wine,  its Board  Chairman  and
co-founder, and Vernon Jackson, a director. The loss of services of any of these
individuals could impair Gridline's  ability to complete the national rollout of
its products  and services to a  significant  level of consumer  acceptance  and
could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  Gridline's  business,  prospects,
financial condition, and results of operations.

         GRIDLINE MAY BE IMPACTED BY GENERAL  ECONOMIC AND SECURITY  CONDITIONS.
The  telecommunications  and  Internet  technology  sectors are  susceptible  to
negative  trends  in  the  international,   national,  and  regional  economies,
including downward pricing pressure caused by over capacity in the industry. The
success of  Gridline's  business  will depend,  in part, on a number of factors,
including the absorption rate for new  telecommunications  capacity and spending
patterns in the overall  economy.  There is also the  uncertainty  of threats of
terrorism  directed at U.S.  interests,  within U.S.  borders and abroad.  These
factors may adversely affect the telecommunications and technology industry as a
whole and could have an adverse impact on Gridline's  ability to grow or achieve
financial profitability.

         THE RATES  GRIDLINE  CHARGES FOR OUR  SERVICES  MAY DECLINE  OVER TIME,
WHICH WOULD REDUCE ITS  REVENUES  AND  ADVERSELY  AFFECT ITS  PROFITABILITY.  As
Gridline's  business  model gains  acceptance  and  attracts  the  attention  of
competitors,  Gridline  may  experience  pressure to  decrease  the fees for its
services,  which  could  adversely  affect its  revenues  and gross  margin.  If
Gridline is unable to sell its  services at  profitable  prices,  or if gridline
fails to offer additional  services that achieve sufficient profit margins,  its
revenue  growth will slow and its  business  and  financial  results will suffer
materially.

         GRIDLINE MUST DEDICATE SIGNIFICANT RESOURCES TO MARKET ITS PRODUCTS AND
SERVICES TO UTILITY  COMPANIES.  As the anticipated price that Gridline plans to
charge for products and services sold to utility  companies is  relatively  low,
Gridline will depend on obtaining sales from a large number of these  customers.
It may be  difficult  to reach and enroll new  subscribers  on a  cost-effective
basis. In addition, Gridline expects that its sales personnel generally will not
be able to efficiently contact subscribers for telecommunications services on an
individual  basis  and  instead  must rely on sales  presentations  to groups of
executives  who  operate  utility  companies.  Therefore,  even if a  particular
utility  company uses its products and services,  its  customers and  affiliated
entities may decide not to use them.

         GRIDLINE   MUST  OBTAIN  TRIALS  AND  PROOF  OF  CONCEPT  FOR  ITS  PLC
TECHNOLOGY.  Gridline  believes  that its  success  depends in large part on the
number of requests for trials and proofs of concept  received from utilities and
other companies that may find the need for its PLC technology. If the management
of large utilities  chooses to develop  similar  technologies  internally,  then
Gridlines  products  and  services  may become  less  attractive  to  utilities,
equipment  and  appliance  manufacturers,  and other  industry  participants  or
consumers.

         IT  IS  IMPORTANT  TO  ITS  SUCCESS  THAT  GRIDLINE  SUPPORTS  INDUSTRY
PARTICIPANTS.  Since many  utility  companies  are not  sophisticated  regarding
recent advances and  developments  that have occurred in the  telecommunications
industry as it had evolved in the preceding years,  Gridline believes that it is
important  that  these  companies  find  that  its  products  and  services  are
significant  enough to diversify their revenue base with only minimal additional
capital,  manpower, and infrastructure  development outlay. To meet these needs,
Gridline  intends to provide  customer  training and develop a customer  support
organization that seeks to respond to customer inquiries as quickly as possible.
As  its  customer  base  grows,   Gridline  may  need  to  expand  this  support
organization to maintain satisfactory customer support levels. If Gridline needs
to enlarge the support organization, Gridline would incur higher overhead costs.
If Gridline  does not maintain  adequate  support  levels,  these  customers may
choose to discontinue using its service.


                                      -34-
<PAGE>


         THE  MARKET  FOR  BROADBAND  TECHNOLOGY  ACCESS  DELIVERY  AND  RELATED
SERVICES IS INTENSELY COMPETITIVE. Gridline's products and services compete with
products and services offered by a number of other entities,  many of which have
long operating histories and are much better capitalized than Gridline. Gridline
expects new competitors to enter its market in the future;  this is the combined
effect of Gridline having not yet obtained patents for its technology that would
bar  competitors  from  entering the market and the  relatively  low barriers to
entry in the  market.  However,  Gridline  plans to protect  its  technology  by
defending its  proprietary  rights of ownership and seeking patents for specific
aspects of its technology.  Although PLC access  technology is still a new area,
the barriers to entry for broadband  telecommunications  services and businesses
overall are low, making it possible for new competitors to proliferate  rapidly.
Many of Gridline's  existing and  potential  competitors  have longer  operating
histories  in  the  telecommunications   and  Internet  markets,   greater  name
recognition,   larger  consumer  bases,  and  significantly  greater  financial,
technical, and marketing resources than Gridline. Additionally, if and when they
decide  they are  going to  venture  into  this  area of the  industry,  some of
Gridline's competitors may be able to provide customers with additional benefits
at lower overall costs in an effort to increase market share. Gridline cannot be
sure  that  it  will  be  able  to  match  cost  reductions  implemented  by its
competitors.   Its   competitors   and  other   companies  may  form   strategic
relationships with each other to compete with Gridline.  These relationships may
take the form of strategic alliances,  joint-marketing  agreements,  licenses or
other contractual  arrangements,  these  arrangements may increase  competitors'
ability to address  customer  needs with their  product and  service  offerings.
Gridline  believes that there is likely to be  consolidation  in its prospective
markets,  which could lead to  increased  price  competition  and other forms of
competition that could cause its business to suffer.

         IN ORDER TO REMAIN  COMPETITIVE,  GRIDLINE WILL BE REQUIRED TO CONTINUE
TO DEVELOP ITS TECHNOLOGY AND DIVERSIFY ITS PRODUCT AND SERVICE OFFERINGS. To be
competitive,  Gridline  must  continue  to enhance  and improve the ease of use,
responsiveness,  functionality and features of its PLC technology. These efforts
may  require  it to  internally  develop  or  to  license  increasingly  complex
technologies.  In  addition,  many  companies  are  continually  developing  and
frequently  introduce new Internet-related  broadband access products,  services
and  technologies,  which will  require  it to update or modify its  technology.
Developing  and  integrating  new products,  services or  technologies  into its
business  model  could  be  expensive  and  time  consuming.  Any new  features,
functions or services  may not achieve  market  acceptance  or enhance its brand
loyalty.  Additionally,  Gridline has not completed  development  and testing of
certain of its proposed PLC technological features. If Gridline fails to develop
and  introduce or acquire  these  features or other new  features,  functions or
services effectively and on a timely basis, Gridline may not continue to attract
new customers and may be unable to retain its existing  clientele.  Furthermore,
Gridline may not succeed in incorporating new PLC technologies,  or in doing so,
Gridline may incur substantial expenses.

         GRIDLINE'S  BUSINESS IS  DEPENDENT  ON THE  STRENGTH  OF THE  HIGH-TECH
INDUSTRY,  WHICH IS BOTH  CYCLICAL  AND  SEASONAL.  The  high-tech  industry has
historically been cyclical.  During the 1990s and up to the latter part of 2000,
there was a boom in the high-tech  sector  "dot.com  era" in the United  States,
with stock prices at  historically  high levels.  In April 2000 the price bubble
burst for high tech  equities,  led by  over-inflated  dot.com  companies.  Many
believe that this adversely  affected real growth in the U.S. economy.  By 2001,
economic  reports  indicated  that the rate of  growth in the U.S.  economy  had
slowed  measurably.  Swings in the technology  industry may be caused by various
factors.  When interest rates are high or general  national and global  economic
conditions  are or are  perceived  to be weak,  there is  typically  less  sales
activity in the technology  sector.  A decrease in the current level of sales of
technology  related  products and services could adversely affect demand for its
PLC  products  and  services.  Gridline may  experience  seasonality  in its PLC
business.  The technology industry typically  experiences a decrease in activity
during the last quarter of each year as the holiday season approaches.  However,
because of its lack of operating history,  Gridline does not know if or when any
seasonal  pattern will develop relating to its products and services or the size
or the nature of any seasonal pattern in its business.


                                      -35-
<PAGE>


         GRIDLINE IS EFFECTIVELY  CONTROLLED BY ITS PRINCIPAL  STOCKHOLDERS  AND
MANAGEMENT,  WHICH MAY LIMIT ITS ABILITY TO INFLUENCE  STOCKHOLDER MATTERS OR TO
RECEIVE A PREMIUM FOR ITS SHARES  THROUGH A CHANGE IN CONTROL.  Commencing  upon
the  Closing,  the  executive  officers,  directors,   advisers,  and  principal
stockholders of Gridline and their  affiliates will own 95.5% of the outstanding
shares of NSC Common  Stock.  As a result,  they will  effectively  control  the
Registrant and direct its affairs and have significant influence in the election
of directors and approval of significant corporate  transactions.  The interests
of these  stockholders  may  conflict  with  those of other  stockholders.  This
concentration of ownership may also delay, defer, or prevent a change in control
of the  Registrant  and some  transactions  may be more  difficult or impossible
without the support of these stockholders.

         GRIDLINE  WILL NEED TO RAISE  ADDITIONAL  FINANCING IN THE  FORESEEABLE
FUTURE TO FUND ITS  OPERATIONS,  WHICH MAY NOT BE  AVAILABLE  TO IT ON FAVORABLE
TERMS OR AT ALL. Gridline will need to raise significant  additional  capital in
the future to fund  continued  operations.  Gridline  expects  that it will need
additional  funding at some point within  approximately  12 months following the
Closing,  and  potentially  sooner  depending  on the  risks  and  uncertainties
associated  with its business  and inherent in its rapidly  growing and evolving
industry.  Following the Closing,  Gridline intends to raise additional  capital
through  one or more  private  placement  or public  offering  transactions.  In
addition,  Gridline  may  desire to raise  additional  financing  at times  when
Gridline  believes  terms are  favorable  and it is  advantageous  to its growth
strategy. Gridline will require additional financing to:

         o        Further  develop  products and services that Gridline plans to
                  offer to member affiliate groups;

         o        Fund additional marketing expenditures;

         o        Hire additional personnel;

         o        Respond to competitive pressures; and

         o        Fund working capital.

If  Gridline  raises   additional  funds  through  the  issuance  of  equity  or
convertible  debt  securities,  it will reduce the  percentage  ownership of its
stockholders.  Gridline can provide no assurance that additional  financing will
be  available  on terms  favorable  to it, or at all.  The  terms of  securities
Gridline issues in the future could also impose  restrictions on its operations.
If adequate  funds are not available or are not  available on acceptable  terms,
its  ability  to  fund  its  operations,  to  take  advantage  of  unanticipated
opportunities,  to develop or enhance its products and services, or to otherwise
respond to competitive pressures would be significantly limited.

BROADBAND INTERNET INDUSTRY RISKS

         GRIDLINE  DEPENDS ON INCREASED USE OF THE BROADBAND  INTERNET ACCESS TO
EXPAND  PLC-RELATED  PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.  "Broadband  Internet" refers to the
capability  of an internet  communications  system to transmit and receive large
quantities  of data at high rates of speed  (typically  at rates  exceeding  385
kilobits per second  ("Kbps").  If broadband  Internet service fails to become a
viable  marketplace  for  business  to  business,  business  to  consumers,  and
consumers to business  content and  information,  its business  will not expand.
Increasing and broad acceptance and adoption of broadband  Internet by consumers
and businesses  will only occur if the broadband  Internet  access provides them
with greater  efficiencies,  technological  innovations,  and improved access to
information at competitive costs.

         GOVERNMENT   REGULATIONS  AND  LEGAL  UNCERTAINTIES  COULD  AFFECT  THE
IMPLEMENTATION  OF PLC  TECHNOLOGY.  A  number  of  legislative  and  regulatory
proposals under consideration by federal, state, local,


                                      -36-
<PAGE>


and  foreign  governmental   organizations  may  lead  to  laws  or  regulations
concerning  various  aspects of the Internet,  including  online  content,  user
privacy, access charges,  liability for third-party activities, and jurisdiction
issues. Additionally, it is uncertain as to how existing laws will be applied to
the Internet.  The adoption of new laws or the  application of existing laws may
decrease the growth in the use of the Internet, which could in turn decrease the
usage and demand for its services or increase its cost of doing  business.  Some
local telephone carriers have asserted that the increasing popularity and use of
the Internet have burdened the existing telecommunications  infrastructure,  and
that many areas with high Internet usage have begun to experience  interruptions
in telephone service.  These carriers have petitioned the Federal Communications
Commission (FCC) to impose access fees on Internet service  providers and online
service providers. If access fees are imposed, the costs of communicating on the
Internet could increase substantially, potentially slowing the increasing use of
the  Internet.  This result  could in turn  decrease  demand for its services or
increase its cost of doing business.

         The future tax  treatment of the Internet  and  electronic  commerce is
currently unsettled. A number of proposals have been made at the federal, state,
and local level and by various  foreign  governments to impose taxes on the sale
of goods and services and other Internet activities.  Recently, the Internet Tax
Information Act was signed into law placing a three-year moratorium on new state
and local taxes on Internet commerce.  However,  future laws may impose taxes or
other regulations on Internet  commerce,  which could  substantially  impair the
growth of electronic commerce.

         GRIDLINE'S BUSINESS IS SUBJECT TO REGULATIONS THAT COULD INTERFERE WITH
ITS ABILITY TO MEET ITS BUSINESS  OBJECTIVES.  The FCC has  recognized  that all
citizens  of the  United  States  need  reliable  and  affordable  access to the
Internet  services,  and that a disparity in Internet access still exists in the
population.  Broadband power line access or PLC  technology,  though it has been
technically  feasible for quite sometime,  is a possible technology for bridging
the  "digital  divide."  Certain  organizations  and  individuals  have  opposed
allowing PLC access over power lines on grounds that it creates  electromagnetic
interference  problems.  The American Radio Relay League (ARRL),  a national ham
radio association,  for example, has raised concerns with the FCC that broadband
telecommunications   over  power  lines  will  disrupt  their  short-wave  radio
transmission.  Also,  the Federal  Emergency  Management  Agency (FEMA) had also
expressed  concerns to the FCC that  unlicensed  PLC equipment  interferes  with
their  licensed  radio  signals.  Although,  the FCC's  posture  is that all the
concern  issues can be addressed  and  accommodated  by PLC  operators,  and PLC
equipment  vendors,  the FCC has  announced  a  Notice  of  Proposed  Rulemaking
concerning  amendment of Part 15 of Title 47 of the Code of Federal Regulations.
This  rulemaking   concerns  new   requirements  and  guidelines  for  broadband
telecommunications  over power line systems.  The FCC  recognizes  the fact that
licensed radio services must be protected from harmful  interference that may be
caused by access  broadband over power line  developments.  Thus, two conditions
must exist for all Part 15 intentional radiating devices:

         o        This device may not cause harmful interference.

         o        This device must accept any interference  received,  including
                  interference that may cause undesired operation.

Several trials during the last two years have shown that with newer  modulations
techniques,  interference  is no longer a problem  with PLC.  Although  Gridline
believes that its broadband  power line  technology  will conform to the FCC "no
interference"  standards,  this has not been proven  conclusively  to date,  and
although  Gridline  anticipates  further FCC  rulemaking,  Gridline is unable to
determine  what  new  rules  the  FCC may  publish  regarding  requirements  and
measurement  for broadband  access over power line  systems.  If the FCC were to
find interference in its access PLC systems during trials and elected to enforce
certain of its existing "no  interference"  rules,  Gridline  could be forced to
discontinue providing its products and services.


                                      -37-
<PAGE>


         GRIDLINE DEPENDS ON CONTINUED  IMPROVEMENTS TO ITS COMPUTER NETWORK AND
THE INFRASTRUCTURE OF THE INTERNET.  Any failure of its  infrastructure  systems
that causes  interruption  or slower  response time of  Gridline's  web sites or
services could result in a smaller number of users of its services. If sustained
or repeated,  these  performance  issues could reduce the  attractiveness of its
technologies to consumers of its products and services.  Increases in the volume
of  traffic   could  also  strain  the   capacity  of  its   existing   Internet
infrastructure  systems,  which  could lead to slower  response  times or system
failures. This result would cause the number of search inquiries,  other revenue
producing  offerings,  and its informational  offerings to decline, any of which
could hurt its revenue growth and its brand loyalty.  Gridline may need to incur
additional costs to upgrade its  infrastructure  systems in order to accommodate
increased  demand if its  systems  cannot  handle  current or higher  volumes of
traffic.  The recent growth in Internet  traffic has caused frequent  periods of
decreased  performance.  Its ability to increase  the speed with which  Gridline
provides  services to consumers  and to increase the scope of these  services is
limited by and dependent upon the speed and  reliability  of many  components of
the Internet outside of its PLC system.  Consequently,  the emergence and growth
of the market for its  services is dependent  on the  performance  of and future
improvements to the Internet.

         GRIDLINE'S   INTERNAL  NETWORK   INFRASTRUCTURE   COULD  BE  DISRUPTED.
Gridline's  operations  depend  upon its  ability to  maintain  and  protect its
computer  systems.  The systems  may be  vulnerable  to damage  from  break-ins,
unauthorized    access,    vandalism,    fire,    earthquakes,    power    loss,
telecommunications  failures  and similar  events.  Although  Gridline  hopes to
maintain insurance against fires and general business interruptions,  the amount
of coverage may not be adequate in any  particular  case.  Experienced  computer
programmers, or hackers, may attempt to penetrate its network security from time
to  time.  A  hacker  who   penetrates   Gridline's   network   security   could
misappropriate  proprietary  information or cause interruptions in its services.
Gridline  might be  required to expend  significant  capital  and  resources  to
protect against, or to alleviate,  problems caused by hackers. Gridline also may
not have a timely  remedy  against a hacker who is able to penetrate its network
security.   In  addition  to  purposeful  security  breaches,   the  inadvertent
transmission  of computer  viruses  could expose  Gridline to litigation or to a
material risk of loss.

         GRIDLINE COULD FACE LIABILITY FOR INFORMATION ON GRIDLINE WEB SITES AND
FOR PRODUCTS  AND SERVICES  SOLD OVER THE  INTERNET.  Gridline  hopes to provide
third-party  content on Gridline  web site,  particularly  product  advertising.
Gridline  could  be  exposed  to  liability  with  respect  to this  third-party
information.  If  Gridline  provides  links  to the  third-party  websites  from
Gridline's  website,  Gridline  may be a  defendant  with  respect to claims for
copyright  or  trademark  infringement  or other  wrongful  actions of the third
parties  operating  those  websites.   Claimants  might  also  assert  that  its
third-party  information contains errors or omissions,  and consumers could seek
damages for losses  incurred if they rely upon incorrect  information.  Gridline
may enter into  agreements with other companies under which Gridline shares with
these other companies'  revenues resulting from the purchase of services through
direct  links to joint  venture  partnerships.  These  arrangements  may  expose
Gridline to additional legal risks and  uncertainties,  including local,  state,
federal,  and  foreign  government   regulation  and  potential  liabilities  to
consumers  of these  services,  even if Gridline  does not provide the  services
itself.  Gridline cannot provide assurance that any indemnification  provided to
it in its agreements with these parties, if available, will be adequate. Even if
these claims do not result in liability to it, Gridline could incur  significant
costs in investigating  and defending  against these claims.  General  liability
insurance, if purchased by Gridline, may not cover all potential claims to which
Gridline is exposed and may not be adequate to  indemnify  it for all  liability
that may be imposed.

                                      * * *

         The  transaction  described  above is  qualified in its entirety by the
Exchange  Agreement  and related  documents,  copies of which have been filed as
exhibits to this Current Report.

                                      * * *


                                      -38-
<PAGE>


         Effective at the Closing,  the address of the Registrant shall be 14090
Southwest Freeway,  Suite 300, Sugar Land, Texas 77478, and its telephone number
shall be 281-340-8518.

ITEM 9.01. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.

         (a)      Financial Statements of Business Acquired.

         Gridline  Communications Corp. Financial Statements for the period from
July 1, 2004 (inception)  through  September 30, 2004 with independent  auditors
report  (including  Balance Sheets,  Statement of Operations,  Statement of Cash
Flows,  Statement  of Changes in  Shareholders'  Equity,  and Notes to Financial
Statements ) (filed as Exhibit 99.1 hereto).

         (b)      Pro Forma Financial Information

         (c)      Exhibits.

                  4.1      Form of Convertible Note

                  10.1     Share Exchange and  Reorganization  Agreement,  dated
                           December  15,  2004,  among North  Shore  Capital IV,
                           Inc.,   Gridline   Communications   Corp.,   and  the
                           Beneficial Stockholders of Gridline.

                  10.2     Solution(s) & Product(s) Development Agreement, dated
                           July 16, 2004, between Gridline  Communication  Corp.
                           (f/k/a HaloCom, Inc.) and iGate, Inc.

                  10.3     Investment  Capital Fee  Agreement,  dated  August 2,
                           2004, between Gridline  Communication  Corp. and D.E.
                           Wine Investments.

                  10.4     Gridline 2004 Equity Incentive Plan; Form of Gridline
                           Incentive  Stock Option  Agreement;  Form of Gridline
                           Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement

                  10.5     Consulting Agreement, dated September 1, 2004 between
                           Gridline Communication Corp. and Duncan E. Wine.

                  10.6     Consulting Agreement, dated December 13, 2004 between
                           Gridline Communication Corp. and Gerard Warner.

                  10.7     Employment Agreement dated as of June 1, 2004 between
                           Gridline Communication Corp. and Blaize N. Kaduru.

                  10.8     Employment  Agreement  dated  as of  August  1,  2004
                           between Gridline Communication Corp. and Standford D.
                           Milnes.

                  10.9     Form of Technology  Advisory Board Services Agreement
                           among  Gridline  Communication  Corp. and the various
                           Technology Advisory Committee Members.

                  10.10    Technology Advisory Board Services  Agreement,  dated
                           October 1, 2004, between Gridline Communication Corp.
                           and Phillip P. Gennarelli.

                  23.1     Consent  of  R.E.  Bassie  &  Co.,  Certified  Public
                           Accountants, dated December 20, 2004.

                  99.1     Gridline  Communications  Corp.  Financial Statements
                           for the for the period from July 1, 2004  (inception)
                           through September 30, 2004 with independent  auditors
                           report  (including   Balance  Sheets,   Statement  of
                           Operations,  Statement  of Cash Flows,  Statement  of
                           Changes  in  Shareholders'   Equity,   and  Notes  to
                           Financial


                                      -39-
<PAGE>


Statements).


                                      -40-
<PAGE>


                                    SIGNATURE

         Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,
the  registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

DATED:  DECEMBER 16, 2004

                           NORTH SHORE CAPITAL IV INC,



                           By:   /s/ Gerard Werner
                              -----------------------------------------
                                 Name:  Gerard Werner
                                 Title:    President and Chief Executive Officer

                                      -41-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>c34848_ex4-1.txt
<TEXT>

THIS NOTE AND THE  UNDERLYING  COMMON STOCK INTO WHICH THIS NOTE IS  CONVERTIBLE
("THE  UNDERLYING  COMMON STOCK") HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED  UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933 OR UNDER ANY  APPLICABLE  STATE  LAW.  THIS NOTE AND THE  UNDERLYING
COMMON STOCK MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE,  SOLD,  TRANSFERRED OR PLEDGED WITHOUT
(1) REGISTRATION  UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE LAW,
OR (2) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL  (SATISFACTORY  TO GRIDLINE  COMMUNICATIONS  CORP.)
THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.



                  8.0% CONVERTIBLE NOTE DUE SEPTEMBER 10, 2005


$___________                                                      ________, 2004

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  Gridline Communications Corp., a corporation duly organized
and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, having an address of 14505
Torrey Chase Blvd., Suite 400, Houston, Texas 77478 (the "CORPORATION"),  hereby
promises  to pay to the  order of  ____________________,  having an  address  of
_________________________________________.  (HOLDER"),  the  principal  sum of $
___,000.00  (the  "PRINCIPAL  AMOUNT") on the 10th day of  September,  2005 (the
"MATURITY  DATE"),  together  with interest on the  aggregate  unpaid  principal
amount  outstanding at the rate of 8.0% per annum.  Interest on the  outstanding
principal  amount  shall accrue from the date hereof and continue up to, but not
including,  the date of payment.  All accrued  and unpaid  interest  outstanding
shall be payable by the  Corporation  on the  Maturity  Date.  Interest  will be
computed on the  outstanding  daily  principal  balance for the actual number of
days that such amount is outstanding hereunder based on a 365-day year.

1.   CONVERSION  RIGHTS.  At any time  prior to the  Maturity  Date and prior to
payment or  redemption  of this  Note,  and,  in the event that the  Corporation
elects to  redeem or pay this Note  prior to  maturity,  within  ten days  after
Holder's receipt of any redemption or prepayment notice,  Holder may at his sole
discretion  convert  the entire  principal  amount of this Note,  or any portion
thereof,  together  with  accrued and unpaid  interest,  if any,  into shares of
common stock of the Corporation  ("COMMON STOCK) at the conversion  price of ten
cents ($0.10) per share of Common  Stock,  subject to  adjustments  as described
below (the CONVERSION  PRICE). The right to convert this Note by Holder after it
is called for redemption  will terminate at the close of the tenth day following
receipt  by  Holder of a  redemption  notice;  provided  that  such  period  for
Conversion  may  be  extended  by  the  Corporation  at its  sole  and  absolute
discretion.


                                       1
<PAGE>


Upon conversion of this Note (or any portion  thereof) at the election of Holder
pursuant  to this  SECTION 1, all accrued  and unpaid  interest  relating to the
portion  of  the  Note  so  converted  shall  be  converted  into  Common  Stock
simultaneously  with such conversion.  No fractional  shares will be issued upon
conversion,  but a cash payment will be made for any  fractional  interest based
upon the conversion price per share of the Common Stock.

2.   EXERCISE OF CONVERSION.  The Holder may exercise his right of conversion at
any time authorized under SECTION 1 above through the following procedure:

     (a) DELIVERY OF CONVERSION  NOTICE.  Delivery of written notice in the form
annexed  hereto  as  Exhibit  A (the  "CONVERSION  NOTICE),  to the  Corporation
pursuant to any method  authorized under Section 12 hereof prior to the Maturity
Date. The date on which the Conversion  Notice is received by the Corporation is
herein called the "CONVERSION DATE"; and

     (b)  SURRENDER OF ORIGINAL  NOTE.  Surrender of this  original  Note to the
Corporation  no later than five (5) business  days  thereafter in exchange for a
share certificate for the appropriate  number of shares of Common Stock, and, if
less  than the full  amount  of debt  represented  by the Note is  converted,  a
replacement Note representing the balance of the debt which remains outstanding.
Surrender  of the  Note by the  Holder  to the  Corporation  shall be a good and
sufficient  discharge  to the  Corporation,  subject to the  delivery of a share
certificate  for  the  appropriate  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  and a
replacement Note for the remaining balance of the debt evidenced by this Note if
less than all amounts then outstanding hereunder are converted.

     (c) ORDER OF CONVERSION. In each case in which the Holder elects to convert
a specified  portion of this Note into shares of Common  Stock,  amounts due and
payable under this Note shall be converted in the  following  order of priority:
all accrued and unpaid  interest  then due and payable  under this Note shall be
first converted,  then each scheduled payment shall be converted in the order of
its  maturity,  with  the  principal  amount  of next  such  payment  due  first
converted,  such that if the Holder  converts  portions of this Note into Common
Stock,  such conversion  reduces future payments next due hereunder in the order
of their maturity to the extent of the indebtedness so converted.

3.   CONVERTED SHARES. The shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion will be
recorded on the books of the  Corporation as of the Conversion  Date in the name
of the Holder or its nominee, and will rank pari passu with the issued and fully
paid shares of Common Stock of the  Corporation  outstanding  on the  Conversion
Date,  and the Holder will  accordingly  be entitled to any  dividends  or other
distributions  declared,  made,  or paid  on the  Common  Stock  or  after  such
Conversion  Date. The Common Stock issued upon conversion may not be transferred
or sold except pursuant to a transaction  registered under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the SECURITIES ACT) or pursuant to an exemption therefrom. The
share  certificate  representing  such shares  shall bear a  restrictive  legend
concerning such restrictions on transfer.

4.   ADJUSTMENT  UPON  CONVERSION.  The  Conversion  Price of this Note shall be
adjusted proportionately to compensate for the amount Holder would have received
had  Holder  converted  this  Note to  Common  Stock  immediately  prior  to the
occurrence of the following events:

     (a) STOCK DIVIDEND. The issuance of shares of Common Stock as a dividend or
a distribution on the Common Stock;

     (b) STOCK SPLIT.  The subdivision or combination of the outstanding  Common
Stock; and

                                       2
<PAGE>

     (c) DISTRIBUTIONS OF PROPERTY.  The distribution to holders of Common Stock
of shares of capital stock of the Corporation  (other than Common Stock),  cash,
securities (including securities of the Corporation or any other entity, but not
including the Common Stock in clause (b) above),  evidences of indebtedness,  or
other non-cash assets which,  together with all such distributions to holders of
Common  Stock  within the  preceding 12 months that did not trigger a Conversion
Price adjustment,  to the extent such distributions exceed, in the aggregate, an
amount equal to 10% of the book value of the total assets of the  Corporation as
of the end of the day  preceding  the record date for  determining  shareholders
entitled to receive such distribution.

In the event of a distribution  to holders of Common Stock of cash,  securities,
evidences of  indebtedness,  or other  non-cash  assets,  the  Corporation  may,
instead of making any adjustment in the Conversion Price, make proper provisions
so that each  holder who  converts  a Note (or any  portion  thereof)  after the
record date for such  distribution  and prior to the expiration or redemption of
such Note shall be entitled to receive upon such conversion,  in addition to the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion,  an appropriate  amount of such
cash,  securities,  evidences of  indebtedness,  or other  non-cash  assets.  No
adjustment  to the  Conversion  Price  will be  required  to be made  unless the
cumulative  effect of such adjustment would result in an increase or decrease of
at least 1.0% in the amount of the Conversion Price as last adjusted.

As a condition  precedent  to the taking of any action  which  would  require an
adjustment  in respect of the  Holder's  rights under this Note,  including  the
Conversion  Price and the number and classes of shares  which are to be received
upon the conversion  hereof,  the Corporation  shall take such corporate  action
which may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to enable the Corporation
to validly and legally issue a sufficient  number of shares of Common Stock,  as
fully paid and  non-assessable  shares,  such that the Holder may receive all of
the  Common  Stock to which  the  Holder  is  entitled  in  accordance  with the
provisions hereof.

Immediately  after the  occurrence of any event which  requires an adjustment in
any of the Holder's rights under this Note,  including the Conversion  Price and
the number and classes of shares  which are to be received  upon the  conversion
hereof, the Corporation shall forthwith give written notice to the Holder of the
particulars of such event and the required adjustment.

If at any time the  Corporation  proposes to proceed  with any of the events set
forth in subsections  (a), (b), and (c) of this Section,  or a  distribution  to
holders of Common  Stock of rights to  subscribe  for  additional  shares of the
Corporation  capital  stock  (other than those  referred to in (c) above,  (each
referred to as a "CORPORATE ALTERATION"), and if the holders of shares of Common
Stock are entitled under the Corporation's certificate of incorporation,  bylaws
or applicable law to vote in respect of such proposed Corporate Alteration, then
the Corporation  shall give to the Holder at least 10 days' prior written notice
of the date on which the books of the Corporation  shall close or a record shall
be taken for such Corporate  Alteration or for  determining  rights to vote with
respect to such Corporate  Alteration and at least 10 days' prior written notice
of the date when the same shall take place.

In the event of any  question  arising with  respect to the  calculation  of any
adjustments herein provided for, such question shall be conclusively  determined
by the  Corporation's  board of  directors,  acting  in good  faith and with the
advice of such  professionals  as it may deem  advisable and such  determination
shall be binding upon the Holder.

                                       3
<PAGE>

5.   RIGHT OF REPAYMENT.

(a)  RANKING.  This Note is unsecured as to payment of principal  and  interest,
and ranks pari passu with all other unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness of the
Corporation.

(b)  NO SINKING FUND. No sinking fund is provided for this Note.

(c)  NO  LIMITATION  ON  SENIOR  INDEBTEDNESS.  This  Note  does not  limit  the
Corporation's  ability  to incur  indebtedness  senior to the Notes or any other
indebtedness.

(d)  NO  SHAREHOLDER  VOTING  RIGHTS.  This Note does not entitle  Holder to any
voting or other  rights as a  shareholder  of the  Corporation,  or other rights
whatsoever  except those  herein  expressed.  No  dividends  are payable or will
accrue on this Note or the shares purchasable hereunder until, and except to the
extent that, the Note is converted into Common Stock.

6.   CORPORATION  REDEMPTION  RIGHTS.  This Note may be redeemed at any time, in
whole or in part,  at the option of the  Corporation,  upon not less than 10 nor
more than 60 days prior  written  notice,  delivered by the  Corporation  to the
Holder as provided in Section 12 herein (the "REDEMPTION  NOTICE"),  at the cash
redemption price of 105% of the outstanding principal amount of this Note called
to be  redeemed,  together  with all  outstanding  accrued  and unpaid  interest
thereon (the "REDEMPTION PRICE").

7.   REDEMPTION PROCESS. The Corporation may exercise its right of redemption by
giving the Redemption  Notice to the Holder,  setting forth the intention of the
Corporation  to  redeem  all  or any  part  of the  outstanding  Note  on a date
("REDEMPTION  DATE) no less than 10 nor more than 60 days  following the date of
the Redemption  Notice.  Delivery of payment of the redemption  amount in United
States funds to the Holder on the Redemption Date shall be a good and sufficient
discharge to the Corporation of the debt evidenced by this Note or of any lesser
amount  redeemed  and, if less than the full amount of debt  represented  by the
Note is redeemed, the Corporation shall deliver to the Holder a replacement Note
representing the balance of the debt which remains outstanding.  Delivery of the
Redemption  Notice shall not impede the right of the Holder to convert this Note
pursuant  to its terms at any time prior to the close of  business  on the tenth
day  following  receipt by Holder of a  Redemption  Notice;  provided  that such
period  for  Conversion  may be  extended  by the  Corporation  at its  sole and
absolute discretion.

8.   MERGERS AND SALES OF ASSETS BY THE  CORPORATION.  The  Corporation  may not
consolidate  or merge with or into any other entity  (PERSON")  or directly,  or
indirectly, convey, transfer, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of its properties
and assets  substantially as an entirety to any Person,  and the Corporation may
not permit any Person to  consolidate  or merge with or into the  Corporation or
convey transfer,  sell, lease or otherwise  dispose of such Person's  properties
and assets substantially as an entirety to the Corporation, unless:


                                       4
<PAGE>

         (a) ASSUMPTION OF OBLIGATION UNDER THIS NOTE. The Person formed by such
consolidation  or into or with which the  Corporation is merged or the Person to
which the properties and assets of the Corporation are so conveyed, transferred,
sold,  leased or  otherwise  disposed  of is a  corporation,  limited  liability
corporation,  partnership or trust  organized and existing under the laws of the
United  States,  any state thereof or the District of Columbia and has expressly
assumed the due and punctual  payment of the principal of, premium,  if any, and
interest  on this  Note  and  the  performance  of the  other  covenants  of the
Corporation under this Note;

     (b)  NO  EVENT  OF  DEFAULT.   Immediately  after  giving  effect  to  such
transaction,  no Event of Default,  as defined below, and no event which,  after
notice or lapse of time or both,  would  become an Event of Default,  shall have
occurred and be continuing; and

     (c) COMPLIANCE  CERTIFICATE OR OPINION. The Corporation has provided to the
Holder an  officer's  certificate  or an  opinion of  counsel  stating  that the
Corporation is in compliance with (a) and (b) above.

9.   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  The Corporation represents and warrants to
     Holder that:

     (a) ORGANIZATION, QUALIFICATION, STANDING. The Corporation is a corporation
duly  organized,  validly  existing and in good  standing  under the laws of its
jurisdiction of incorporation, has the corporate power to own its properties and
to carry on its  businesses  as the same  are now  being  conducted  and is duly
qualified to do business and is in good standing in each  jurisdiction  in which
the  character  of the  properties  owned by it or the nature of its  businesses
makes such qualification necessary.

     (b) LITIGATION.  There is no action, suit or proceeding at law or in equity
or by or before any governmental instrumentality or agency or any arbitrator now
pending or, to the Corporation's  knowledge,  threatened,  against, or affecting
the  Corporation,  or any of its  properties  or  rights,  which,  if  adversely
determined,  might,  either in any case or in the aggregate result in a material
adverse change, or result in any substantial liability not adequately covered by
insurance,   or  for  which   adequate   reserves  are  not  maintained  on  the
Corporation's balance sheet.

     (c) DUE AUTHORIZATION AND COMPLIANCE WITH OTHER INSTRUMENTS.  This Note has
been duly and validly  authorized  by all  requisite  corporate  proceeding  and
constitutes  a  valid  and  legally   binding   obligation  of  the  Corporation
enforceable  against the  Corporation  in  accordance  with its terms  except as
enforceability is limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,
or other laws relating to or affecting  generally the  enforcement of creditors'
rights and except to the extent that  availability  of  equitable  remedies  are
subject to the discretion of courts before which any proceeding  therefor may be
brought.

     (d) TAX  RETURNS  AND  PAYMENTS.  The  Corporation  has filed all  required
information and tax returns and reports and has paid, or adequately provided for
the payment of, all taxes,  assessments and other governmental  charges that are
material  in  amount  imposed  upon  it or upon  any of its  assets,  income  or
franchises,  other than any such charges  which are  currently  payable  without
penalty or interest.


                                       5
<PAGE>

10.  HOLDER REPRESENTATIONS.

     (a)  INVESTMENT  PURPOSES.  The Holder is acquiring the Note for investment
purposes  and not with a view to the resale or  distribution  of all or any part
thereof. The Holder acknowledges that the Note has not been registered under the
Securities  Act,  or the  securities  or "blue  sky"  laws of any state or other
domestic or foreign  jurisdiction  and that none of such securities may be sold,
transferred   or  otherwise   disposed  of  except   pursuant  to  an  effective
registration statement thereunder or an applicable exemption therefrom.

     (b) ACCREDITED  INVESTOR.  The Holder (i) has such knowledge and experience
in financial and business  matters that such Holder is capable of evaluating the
merits  and  risks of his or her  investment  in the Note and has the  financial
ability to assume the monetary risk associated  therewith;  (ii) is able to bear
the  complete  loss of his or her  investment  in the Note;  has  received  such
documents and information  from the Corporation as such Holder has requested and
has had the  opportunity  to ask  questions  of and  receive  answers  from  the
Corporation  and the terms and  conditions  of the  offering of the notes and to
obtain additional  information;  (iv) is an "accredited  investor" as defined in
Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act; and (v) is not
relying upon any  statements or  instruments  made or issued by any person other
than the Corporation in making a decision to invest in the Note.

     (c)  RESTRICTIVE  LEGENDS.  Any  certificate  for Common  Stock issued upon
conversion  of the  Note and each  certificate  for  Common  Stock  issued  to a
subsequent  transferee shall be stamped or otherwise  imprinted with a legend in
substantially the following form:

     "The securities  represented by this  certificate  have not been registered
     under the  Securities  Act of 1933,  as amended  ("Securities  Act") or any
     state  securities act. The securities have been acquired for investment and
     may not be sold, transferred, pledged or hypothecated unless (i) they shall
     have been  registered  under the Securities  Act and any  applicable  state
     securities act, or (ii) the  corporation  shall have been furnished with an
     opinion of  counsel,  satisfactory  to counsel  for the  corporation,  that
     registration is not required under any such act."

11.  EVENTS OF DEFAULT.  The  following  will be Events of  Default"  under this
     Note:

     (a) failure to pay the principal or the redemption  price of this Note when
and as the  same  shall  become  due  and  payable,  either  at  maturity  or by
acceleration  or otherwise and such failure shall continue  uncured for a period
of ten (10) days after written notice from the Holder of such failure;

     (b) failure to pay any interest on this Note when due when the same becomes
due and payable and such failure shall continue uncured for a period of ten (10)
days after written notice from the Holder of such failure;

     (c) failure to perform any other covenant of the  Corporation in this Note,
continuing for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice from the Holder
of such failure;


                                       6
<PAGE>

     (d)  default  shall  be  made  if a  material  breach  shall  exist  in any
representation or warranty herein contained, and such default or material breach
shall have continued for a period of 30 days after written notice thereof to the
Corporation  from the Holder;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that if any such  default or
material  breach shall be such that it cannot be cured or corrected  within such
30-day period,  such period shall be extended for such additional period of time
(not exceeding 30 additional  days) as shall be necessary to effect such cure or
correction  if curative or corrective  action is  instituted  within said 30-day
period and thereafter diligently pursued;

     (e) final  unsatisfied  judgments not covered by insurance  aggregating  in
excess of $250,000,  at any one time rendered  against the Corporation or any of
its subsidiaries and not stayed, bonded or discharged within 30 days, or

     (g) if the  Corporation  (i) applies for or consents to the appointment of,
or if there shall be a taking of possession by, a receiver,  custodian,  trustee
or  liquidator  for  the  Corporation  or any of its  properties;  (ii)  becomes
generally  unable to pay its debts as they  become  due;  (iii)  makes a general
assignment for the benefit of creditors or becomes insolvent;  or (iv) files any
petition  for relief  under the United  States  Bankruptcy  Code or any  similar
federal or state statute, or is served with a petition for relief under any such
statute and such petition is not dismissed within 60 days of filing.

     At any time after a declaration of acceleration  has been made but before a
judgment or decree based on acceleration, the holder of the Note may rescind and
annul such acceleration,  if all Events of Default, other than the nonpayment of
accelerated  principal  and  interest,  have been cured or waived as provided in
this Note.

12.  NOTICES. Any notice, demand or other communication required or permitted to
be given to the Corporation or the Holder shall be in writing and shall be:

     (a) HAND DELIVERY. Personally delivered to the Corporation or the Holder or
any director or officer of the Corporation or the Holder;

     (b) DELIVERY BY MAIL.  Except during a period of strike,  lock-out or other
postal  disruption,  sent by registered mail,  postage prepaid to the address of
the Corporation or the Holder as set forth on the first page hereof; or

     (c)  TELECOPIER.  Sent  by  telegraph,   telecopier  or  telex  or  similar
communication  tested prior to sending and  confirmed by prepaid  registered  or
certified  mail to the address of the  Corporation or the Holder as set forth on
the first page hereof;

and, in each case described above,  shall be deemed to have been received by the
Corporation  or the  Holder  on the  earliest  of:  the date of  delivery  under
subsection  (a); the actual date of receipt where mailed under  subsection  (b);
and the day  following the date of  communication  under  subsection  (c) unless
delivered  by  certified  mail,  in which case the actual date of receipt  shall
apply.  The  Corporation or the Holder may give written notice to the other of a
change of address to some other address,  in which event any communication shall
thereafter be given to the Corporation or the Holder as  hereinbefore  provided,
at the  last  such  changed  address  of which  the  Corporation  or the  Holder
communicating has received written notice.

                                       7

<PAGE>


13.  ATTORNEYS  FEES.  Should the  indebtedness  represented by this Note or any
part thereof be collected at law or in equity, or in bankruptcy, receivership or
any other court proceedings (whether at the trial or appellate level), or should
this Note be placed in the hands of attorneys for collection upon the occurrence
of an Event of  Default,  the  Corporation  agrees to pay,  in  addition  to the
principal  and  interest  due and  payable  hereon,  all  costs  of  collection,
including reasonable attorneys' fees.

14.  NON-TRANSFERABLE  NOTE.  This Note is not  transferable  in any manner,  in
whole or in part,  without the prior written consent of the Corporation,  except
by operation of law.

15.  WAIVER.  Prior to the transfer of this Note, the  Corporation  may deem and
treat the Holder hereof as the absolute  owner hereof  (whether or not this Note
shall be overdue) for the purpose of  receiving  payment of or on account of the
principal  hereof  and  interest  hereon,  and for all other  purposes,  and the
Corporation shall not be affected by any Notice to the contrary.

Except  as  expressly   provided  for  herein,  the  Corporation  hereby  waives
presentment, demand, Notice of demand, Notice of intent to accelerate, notice of
acceleration,  protest,  notice of protest and Notice of dishonor  and any other
Notice required to be given by law in connection with the delivery,  acceptance,
performance, default or enforcement.

16.  SAVINGS CLAUSE.  In the event for any reason,  any payment by or act of the
Corporation or the Holder shall result in payment of interest which would exceed
the  limit  authorized  by or be in  violation  of the  law of the  jurisdiction
applicable to this Note,  then IPSO FACTO the  obligation of the  Corporation to
pay  interest or perform such act or  requirement  shall be reduced to the limit
authorized  under  such  law,  so that in no  event  shall  the  Corporation  be
obligated  to pay any  such  interest,  perform  any such act or be bound by any
requirement which would result in the payment of interest in excess of the limit
so  authorized.  In the event any  payment  by or act of the  Corporation  shall
result  in the  extraction  of a rate of  interest  in  excess of a sum which is
lawfully collectible as interest, then such amount (to the extent of such excess
not returned to the  Corporation)  shall,  without  further  agreement or notice
between or by the Corporation or the Holder, be deemed applied to the payment of
principal,  if any,  hereunder  immediately upon receipt of such excess funds by
the  Holder,  with the same  force  and  effect as though  the  Corporation  had
specifically  designated  such sums to be so applied to principal and the Holder
had agreed to accept such sums as an  interest-free  prepayment of this Note. If
any part of such  excess  remains  after  the  principal  has been paid in full,
whether by the  provisions  of the  preceding  sentences  of this  Section 13 or
otherwise,  such excess  shall be deemed to be an  interest-  free loan from the
Corporation to the Holder,  which loan shall be payable  immediately upon demand
by the Corporation.  The provisions of this Section 13 shall control every other
provision of this Note.

17.  RECOURSE.  No recourse  shall be had for the payment of the principal of or
the interest on this Note, against any agent, incorporator, shareholder, officer
or director,  as such,  past,  present or future,  of the  Corporation or of any
successor corporation, all such liability being, by the acceptance hereof and as
part of the consideration  for the issue hereof,  expressly waived and released.
The preceding  sentence  shall not be deemed to apply to any person's  liability
arising  out of or  related to any  conversion  of the  Corporation's  assets or
properties,   breach  of  fiduciary  duty  owed  to  the  Corporation  or  fraud
perpetrated on the Corporation or its shareholders.


                                       8
<PAGE>

18.  GOVERNING  LAW.  This Note and the  rights,  remedies,  powers,  covenants,
duties and obligations of the parties  hereunder will be construed in accordance
with and governed by the laws of the state of Texas.

19.  SEVERABILITY.  If any provision of this Note is or becomes invalid, illegal
or  unenforceable  in any  respect,  that fact  will not  affect  the  validity,
legality  or  enforceability  of the  remaining  provisions  of this Note or any
valid, legal or enforceable parts of the impugned provision.

20.  BINDING  ON  SUCCESSORS.  This Note  will  inure to the  benefit  of and be
binding  upon  the  Corporation  and the  Holder  and  their  respective  heirs,
executors, administrators, successors and permitted assigns.

21.  AMENDMENT AND WAIVER. This Note may not be amended,  waived,  discharged or
terminated  except by a document  executed by the party against whom enforcement
of the amendment, waiver, discharge or termination is sought.

22.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Note sets out the entire agreement and understanding
of  the  Corporation  and  the  Holder  and  supersedes  all  prior  agreements,
undertakings and understandings, whether oral or written, relative thereto.

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  Gridline  Communications  Corp. has caused this Note to be
signed by its President on the date first above written.

                                Gridline Communications Corp.



                                By:__________________________
                                         Blaize N. Kaduru
                                         President and Chief Executive Officer


<PAGE>



                                    EXHIBIT A

                         NOTICE OF CONVERSION BY HOLDER
                                       OF
                               8% CONVERTIBLE NOTE

     (To be Executed by the Registered Holder in Order to Convert the Note)

TO:               Gridline Communications Corp.
                  14505 Torrey Chase Blvd., Suite 400,
                  Houston, Texas 77478
                  Facsimile: _______________    Attn:  President

FROM: ________________________________________________________________("Holder")

DATE: ___________________________________________________(the "Conversion Date")


RE:  Conversion of $__________ principal amount plus $___________ of accrued and
     unpaid interest (collectively,  the "Converted Note") of the 8% Convertible
     Note dated  _____________,  2003 (the  "Note") of  GRIDLINE  COMMUNICATIONS
     CORP.  (the  "Corporation")  into shares (the  "Conversion  Shares") of the
     Company's common stock, $0.001 par value (the "Common Stock").

CONVERSION DATE:

         The captioned  Holder  hereby gives notice to the Company,  pursuant to
the Note,  that the Holder elects to convert the Converted  Note into fully paid
and  non-assessable  shares of Common Stock as of the Conversion  Date specified
above.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  Amount                            Conversion
                                Currently            Amount           Shares
                               Outstanding      To be Converted   To be Issued
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Principal Balance
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interest Balance (Accrued
and unpaid through
Conversion Date)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Based on the  Conversion  Price now in effect,  the number of Conversion  Shares
indicated above should be issued in the following name(s):

                  Name and Record Address

                  -------------------------------------
                  -------------------------------------
                  -------------------------------------


                                       10
<PAGE>

     As contemplated by the Note, this Notice of Conversion is being sent by
facsimile to the telecopier number or otherwise delivered to the officer
indicated above.

     If this Notice of Conversion represents the full conversion of the
outstanding principal and interest of the Note, the Holder either (1) has
previously surrendered the Note, duly endorsed, to the Company or (2) will
surrender (or cause to be surrendered) the Note, duly endorsed, to the Company
at the address indicated above by express courier within five (5) business days
after delivery or facsimile transmission of this Notice of Conversion.

     The certificates representing the Conversion Shares should be transmitted
by the Company to the Holder via overnight or express courier or by book entry
transfer within the time contemplated by the Note after receipt of this Notice
of Conversion (by facsimile transmission or otherwise), to:


                   ------------------------------------------

                   ------------------------------------------

                   ------------------------------------------


HOLDER:

- -----------------------------------------------------

By:
   -----------------------------------------------
Name:
     ---------------------------------------------
Title:
      --------------------------------------------





                                       11


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>c34848_ex10-1.txt
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.1

SHARE EXCHANGE AND REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT,  dated as of December 15, 2004 (the
"AGREEMENT"),  between NORTH SHORE CAPITAL IV, INC., a Colorado corporation with
offices located at 2209 Pershing  Avenue,  Sheboygan,  Wisconsin 53083 (together
with  its  successor  in  interest  as  a  result  of  the  Reincorporation,  as
hereinafter  defined,  "NSC");  and GRIDLINE  COMMUNICATIONS  CORP.,  a Delaware
corporation  with offices located at 14090 Southwest  Freeway,  Suite 300, Sugar
Land,  Texas 77478  ("GRIDLINE"),  and THE BENEFICIAL  STOCKHOLDERS  OF GRIDLINE
IDENTIFIED IN SCHEDULE A HERETO (the "GRIDLINE SHAREHOLDERS").

                                  INTRODUCTION

        NSC  desires to acquire  all of the  issued  and  outstanding  shares of
Gridline capital stock (the "GRIDLINE  CAPITAL STOCK") solely in exchange for an
aggregate of 47,600,000 shares of authorized,  but theretofore unissued,  shares
of common  stock,  par value $0.001 per share (the "NSC COMMON  STOCK"),  of the
newly formed  Delaware  corporation  that is the  successor in interest to North
Shore  Capital  IV,  Inc.,  a  Colorado   corporation,   giving  effect  to  the
Reincorporation  (as defined  below),  representing  approximately  95.5% of the
fully diluted  outstanding NSC Common Stock giving effect to such issuance,  but
without  giving  effect to the issuance of NSC Common Stock upon the exercise or
conversion of certain options,  warrants and convertible securities described on
SCHEDULE B hereto.  The  Gridline  Shareholders  desire to exchange all of their
beneficially  owned  shares of Gridline  Capital  Stock solely for shares of NSC
Common Stock in the amount set forth herein.

        Prior  to the  date  hereof,  the  respective  boards  of  directors  or
analogous  governing  body of each of NSC and  Gridline  have,  and the Gridline
Shareholders  have,  approved and adopted this Agreement and it is the intent of
the parties hereto that the transactions contemplated hereby be structured so as
to qualify as a tax-free  exchange  under  Subchapter C of the Internal  Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the "CODE"), and the provisions of this Agreement will
be interpreted in a manner consistent with this intent.

        NOW,   THEREFORE,   in   consideration   of  the   premises  and  mutual
representations,  warranties and covenants herein contained,  the parties hereby
agree as follows:


                                    ARTICLE I

                       ACQUISITION AND EXCHANGE OF SHARES

       SECTION  1.01    THE AGREEMENT.  The parties hereto hereby agree that NSC
shall acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Gridline Capital Stock
solely in exchange for an  aggregate of  47,600,000  shares of  authorized,  but
theretofore unissued,  shares of NSC Common Stock. The parties hereto agree that
at  the  closing  of  the  transactions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement  (the
"CLOSING"):

                (i)     Gridline  will become a  wholly-owned  subsidiary of NSC
        subject to the conditions and provisions of Section 1.03 hereof;

<PAGE>


                (ii)    North Shore  Capital IV, Inc.,  a Colorada  corporation,
        shall  reincorporate  in the State of Delaware (the  "REINCORPORATION"),
        and  shall  change  its  name  in  connection   therewith  to  "Gridline
        Communications   Corp.  and  cause  its   certificate  and  articles  of
        incorporation  to be in the form of  EXHIBIT  A  hereto  and  cause  its
        by-laws to be in the form of EXHIBIT B hereto; and

                (iii)   NSC shall  assume  each option  (each a "GRIDLINE  STOCK
        OPTION") and each warrant (each a "GRIDLINE WARRANT") outstanding at the
        as of the  Closing  by  executing  and  delivering  to  such  holder  an
        assumption,  which  assumption  shall  read  as  set  forth  in  EXHIBIT
        1.01(iii) hereto,  incorporated in, and made a part of this Agreement by
        this reference  thereto,  and NSC shall be substituted for Gridline with
        respect to each  Gridline  Stock Option or Gridline  Warrant so assumed,
        and thereafter,  until any event that affects the exercise  price,  each
        Gridline Stock Option and Gridline  Warrant  assumed by NSC as aforesaid
        shall represent an option to purchase, instead of Gridline Common Stock,
        the number of whole shares of NSC Common Stock (after  disregarding  all
        fractions)  which  equals the number of shares of Gridline  Common Stock
        subject  to such  option  immediately  prior to the  Closing  divided by
        2.03151261  and the price per share of NSC  Common  Stock at which  such
        option  shall be  exercisable  shall  (until any event that  affects the
        exercise  price) be an amount (to the next  higher  whole cent) equal to
        the option price per share of Gridline Common Stock immediately prior to
        the Closing  multiplied by 2.03151261.  Except as aforesaid,  the period
        during which,  and the terms upon which,  each Gridline Stock Option and
        Gridline Warrant may be exercised shall remain unchanged.

        SECTION 1.02    EXCHANGE OF SHARES.

        (a)     At the  Closing,  NSC  will  cause  to be  issued  and  held for
delivery to the Gridline  Shareholders or their  designees,  stock  certificates
representing an aggregate of 47,600,000 shares of NSC Common Stock, representing
95.5% of the fully  diluted  outstanding  NSC Common Stock giving effect to such
issuance,  in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding  shares of Gridline
Capital Stock, which shares will be delivered to NSC at the Closing.

        (b)     The  shares  of  NSC  Common  Stock  to be  issued  pursuant  to
paragraph (a) of this Section 1.02 will be authorized,  but theretofore unissued
shares of NSC Common Stock,  and will be issued to the Gridline  Shareholders or
as directed thereby as set forth in SCHEDULE 1.02(b) hereof.

        (c)     All shares of NSC Common Stock to be issued  hereunder  shall be
deemed "RESTRICTED SECURITIES" as defined in paragraph (a) of Rule 144 under the
Securities  Act of 1933,  as amended (the  "SECURITIES  ACT"),  and the Gridline
Shareholders  will  represent in writing that they are acquiring said shares for
investment  purposes only and without the intent to make a further  distribution
of such  shares.  All shares of NSC Common Stock to be issued under the terms of
this Agreement  shall be issued  pursuant to an exemption from the  registration
requirements of the Securities Act, under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.  Certificates representing the
shares of NSC  Common  Stock to be issued  hereunder  shall  bear a  restrictive
legend in substantially the following form:

                                      -2-
<PAGE>


                THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
                REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
                AND MAY NOT BE  OFFERED  FOR SALE,  SOLD,  OR  OTHERWISE
                DISPOSED OF, EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE  REGISTRATION
                PROVISIONS OF SUCH ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION  FROM
                SUCH REGISTRATION PROVISIONS,  THE AVAILABILITY OF WHICH
                IS TO BE ESTABLISHED TO THE SATISFACTION OF THE COMPANY.

        (d)     All shares of NSC Common Stock to be issued pursuant to Gridline
Stock Options and Gridline Warrants shall be deemed  "RESTRICTED  SECURITIES" as
defined in paragraph (a) of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All shares of NSC
Common  Stock to be issued  under,  and  pursuant  to, the terms of the Gridline
Stock Options and the Gridline Warrants shall be issued pursuant to an exemption
from the registration  requirements of the Securities Act, under Section 4(2) of
the  Securities  Act and  the  rules  and  regulations  promulgated  thereunder.
Certificates  representing the shares of NSC Common Stock to be issued hereunder
shall bear a restrictive  legend in substantially  the form set forth in Section
1.02(c).

        SECTION 1.03    CLOSING.  The Closing will take place at a date and time
(the "CLOSING DATE") and place to be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto,
and will be subject to the  provisions of Article IV of this  Agreement.  At the
Closing:

        (a)     Gridline  will  deliver  to  NSC  stock  certificates  or  other
evidences  representing  all of the issued and  outstanding  shares of  Gridline
Capital Stock,  duly endorsed,  so as to make NSC the holder  thereof,  free and
clear of all liens, claims and other encumbrances;

        (b)     (i)     NSC  will  deliver  to,  or at  the  direction  of,  the
        Gridline Shareholders, in accordance with SCHEDULE 1.02(b) hereof, stock
        certificates  representing  an  aggregate  of  47,600,000  shares of NSC
        Common Stock, which certificates will bear a standard restrictive legend
        in the form customarily used with restricted securities and as set forth
        in Section 1.02(c) above and which shares shall represent  approximately
        95.5% of the  outstanding NSC Common Stock giving effect to the issuance
        thereof;

                (ii)    Upon the  exercise  of the  Gridline  Stock  Options and
        Gridline  Warrants  in  accordance  with the terms  thereof  and against
        payment of the exercise price therein specified,  Gridline shall deliver
        to the holder of such Gridline Stock Options and/or  Gridline  Warrants,
        as applicable, exercising such securities, certificates representing the
        number  of  shares  of  NSC  Common  Stock  determined  pursuant  to the
        Assumption   Agreement,   which   certificates   will  bear  a  standard
        restrictive   legend  in  the  form  customarily  used  with  restricted
        securities and as set forth in Section 1.02(c) above.

        (c)     NSC will  deliver  an  Officer's  Certificate  as  described  in
Sections 4.02(a) and 4.02(b) hereof, dated the Closing Date, certifying that all
representations,  warranties,  covenants, and conditions set forth herein by NSC
are true and correct as of, or have been fully  performed  and complied with by,
the Closing Date; and

                                      -3-
<PAGE>


        (d)     Gridline will deliver an Officer's  Certificate  as described in
Sections 4.01(a) and 4.01(b) hereof, dated the Closing Date, certifying that all
representations,  warranties,  covenants  and  conditions  set  forth  herein by
Gridline are true and correct as of, or have been fully  performed  and complied
with by, the Closing Date.

        SECTION 1.04    APPROVAL BY BOARD OF DIRECTORS.  In anticipation of this
Agreement, NSC has taken all necessary and requisite corporate and other action,
including  without  limitation,  actions of the Board of  Directors  in order to
approve  this  Agreement  and  all  transactions   contemplated  hereby  and  in
connection herewith, including, without limitation, the Reincorporation.

        SECTION 1.05    CONSUMMATION  OF  TRANSACTION.  If at  the  Closing,  no
condition  exists  which  would  permit  any of the  parties to  terminate  this
Agreement,  or a  condition  then  exists and the party  entitled  to  terminate
because of that  condition  elects not to do so,  then the  transactions  herein
contemplated  shall be consummated  upon such date, and then and thereupon,  NSC
will file any additional  necessary documents that may be required by the States
of Colorado and Delaware, the United States of America, or otherwise.


                                   ARTICLE II

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

        SECTION 2.01    REPRESENTATIONS   AND  WARRANTIES  OF  NSC.  NSC  hereby
represents  and  warrants  to,  and  agrees  with,  Gridline  and  the  Gridline
Shareholders as follows:

        (a)     ORGANIZATION  AND  QUALIFICATION.  Other  than as set  forth  in
Section A of the disclosure letter, of even date herewith,  from NSC to Gridline
and  the  Gridline  Shareholders  (the  "NSC  DISCLOSURE  LETTER"),  NSC  has no
subsidiaries  or  affiliated  corporation  or owns  any  interest  in any  other
enterprise  (whether  or  not  such  enterprise  is  a  corporation).  NSC  is a
corporation  duly organized,  validly  existing,  and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Colorado,  with all requisite power and authority,  and all
necessary consents,  authorizations,  approvals, orders, licenses, certificates,
and permits of and from, and declarations and filings with, all federal,  state,
local, and other governmental authorities and all courts and other tribunals, to
own,  lease,  license,  and use its  properties  and  assets and to carry on the
businesses  in  which  it  is  now  engaged  and  the  businesses  in  which  it
contemplates  engaging.  Commencing  upon the  Reincorporation,  NSC  shall be a
corporation  duly organized,  validly  existing,  and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware,  with all requisite power and authority,  and all
necessary consents,  authorizations,  approvals, orders, licenses, certificates,
and permits of and from, and declarations and filings with, all federal,  state,
local, and other governmental authorities and all courts and other tribunals, to
own,  lease,  license,  and use its  properties  and  assets and to carry on the
businesses  in  which  it  is  now  engaged  and  the  businesses  in  which  it
contemplates  engaging.  Other  than  as set  forth  in  Section  A of  the  NSC
DISCLOSURE  LETTER, NSC is duly qualified to transact the businesses in which it
is  engaged  and  is  in  good  standing  as  a  foreign  corporation  in  every
jurisdiction in which its ownership,  leasing,  licensing, or use of property or
assets or the conduct of its businesses makes such qualification necessary.

                                      -4-
<PAGE>


        (b)     CAPITALIZATION.  The authorized capital stock of NSC consists of
50,000,000   shares  of  NSC  Common  Stock,  of  which  2,247,500   shares  are
outstanding,  and  10,000,000  shares of  non-cumulative  convertible  preferred
stock,  par  value  $0.002  per  share,  no  shares  of which  are  outstanding.
Commencing upon the  Reincorporation  and not giving effect to the Closing,  the
authorized  capital  stock of NSC shall  consist  of  230,000,000  shares of NSC
Common Stock,  of which 2,247,500  shares shall be  outstanding,  and 20,000,000
shares of "blank check"  preferred  stock, par value $0.001 per share, no shares
of which shall then be outstanding.  Prior to Closing,  NSC  shareholders  shall
approve  and  caused  to  become  effective  the  Reincorporation.  Each of such
outstanding  shares of NSC Common Stock is validly  authorized,  validly issued,
fully paid, and  nonassessable,  has not been issued and is not owned or held in
violation  of any  preemptive  or  similar  right of  stockholders.  There is no
commitment,  plan, or arrangement to issue, and no outstanding option,  warrant,
or other right calling for the issuance of, any share of capital stock of NSC or
any  security  or  other  instrument   convertible  into,  exercisable  for,  or
exchangeable for capital stock of NSC. There is outstanding no security or other
instrument  convertible  into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, capital stock
of NSC.

        (c)     FINANCIAL  CONDITION.  NSC has  filed  with  the  United  States
Securities  and Exchange (the "SEC") true and correct  copies of the  following:
audited balance sheets of NSC as of December 31, 2001, 2002, and 2003; unaudited
balance  sheets of NSC as of September 30, 2003;  audited  statements of income,
statements of stockholders'  equity, and statements of cash flows of NSC for the
years ended December 31, 2001,  2002, and 2003; and the unaudited  statements of
income,  statements of stockholders' equity, and statements of cash flows of NSC
for the nine months  ended  September  30, 2003.  Each such balance  sheet shall
present fairly the financial condition,  assets, liabilities,  and stockholders'
equity of NSC as of its  respective  date;  each such  statement  of income  and
statement of stockholders' equity shall present fairly the results of operations
of NSC for the period  indicated;  and each such  statement  of cash flows shall
present  fairly the  information  purported to be shown  therein.  The financial
statements  referred  to in this  Section  2.01(c)  will have been  prepared  in
accordance with generally  accepted  accounting  principles in the United States
consistently  applied throughout the periods involved and shall be in accordance
with the books and records of NSC. The financial  statements referred to in this
Section 2.01(c) contain all certifications and statements  required by the SEC's
Order,  dated June 27,  2002,  pursuant to Section  21(a)(1) of the Exchange Act
(File No.  4-460),  Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 under the  Exchange  Act, or 18 U.S.C.
Section  1350  (Sections  302 and 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002)  with
respect to the report relating thereto. Since September 30, 2004:

                (i)     There has at no time been a material  adverse  change in
        the financial condition, results of operations,  businesses, properties,
        assets, liabilities, or future prospects of NSC.

                (ii)    NSC has not authorized,  declared, paid, or effected any
        dividend or liquidating or other  distribution in respect of its capital
        stock  or  any  direct  or  indirect  redemption,   purchase,  or  other
        acquisition of any stock of NSC.

                (iii)   The operations and businesses of NSC have been conducted
        in all respects only in the ordinary course,  except as described in the
        filings  made and to be made by NSC with the SEC and except as otherwise
        described herein.

                                      -5-
<PAGE>


There is no fact  known to NSC  which  materially  adversely  affects  or in the
future (as far as NSC can reasonably  foresee) may materially  adversely  affect
the financial condition, results of operations,  businesses, properties, assets,
liabilities,  or future prospects of NSC; provided,  however, that NSC expresses
no opinion as to political or economic matters of general applicability. NSC has
made known,  or caused to be made known, to the accountants or auditors who have
prepared,   reviewed,  or  audited  the  aforementioned  consolidated  financial
statements  all  material  facts  and  circumstances   which  could  affect  the
preparation, presentation, accuracy, or completeness thereof.

        (d)     TAX AND  OTHER  LIABILITIES.  NSC does  not  have  any  material
liability of any nature, accrued or contingent,  including,  without limitation,
liabilities for federal, state, local, or foreign taxes and penalties, interest,
and additions to tax ("TAXES"), and liabilities to customers or suppliers, other
than the following:

                (i)     Liabilities  for which full  provision  has been made on
        the balance sheet and the notes  thereto (the "LAST NSC BALANCE  SHEET")
        as of September 30, 2004 (the "LAST NSC BALANCE SHEET DATE") referred to
        in Section 2.01(c); and

                (ii)    Other  liabilities  arising  since the Last NSC  Balance
        Sheet  Date and prior to  Closing  in the  ordinary  course of  business
        (which  shall  not  include  liabilities  to  customers  on  account  of
        defective  products or  services)  which are not  inconsistent  with the
        representations  and  warranties  of NSC or any other  provision of this
        Agreement.

Without  limiting  the  generality  of  the  foregoing,  the  amounts  set up as
provisions  for  Taxes on the Last NSC  Balance  Sheet  are  sufficient  for all
accrued and unpaid  Taxes of NSC,  whether or not due and payable and whether or
not disputed, under tax laws, as in effect on the Last NSC Balance Sheet Date or
now in  effect,  for the period  ended on such date and for all  fiscal  periods
prior thereto. The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement by NSC
will not cause any Taxes to be payable  (other  than those that may  possibly be
payable by the Gridline  Shareholders  as a result of the  contribution of their
shares  of  Gridline  Capital  Stock  to NSC) or  cause  any  lien,  charge,  or
encumbrance  to secure any Taxes to be created  either  immediately  or upon the
nonpayment  of any Taxes other than on the  properties or assets of the Gridline
Shareholders.  The  Internal  Revenue  Service  has  audited  and settled or the
statute of  limitations  has run upon all federal  income tax returns of NSC for
all taxable years up to and including the taxable year ended  December 31, 1997.
NSC has filed all federal,  state, local, and foreign tax returns required to be
filed by it; has delivered to the Gridline  Shareholders a true and correct copy
of each such  return  which was  filed in the past six  years;  has paid (or has
established on the Last NSC Balance Sheet a reserve for) all Taxes, assessments,
and other governmental  charges payable or remittable by it or levied upon it or
its properties, assets, income, or franchises which are due and payable; and has
delivered to the Gridline  Shareholders a true and correct copy of any report as
to  adjustments  received  by it from any taxing  authority  during the past six
years and a statement as to any  litigation,  governmental  or other  proceeding
(formal or informal), or investigation pending,  threatened, or in prospect with
respect to any such report or the subject matter of such report.

        (e)     LITIGATION  AND CLAIMS.  Except as described in Section G of the
NSC DISCLOSURE LETTER, there is no litigation,  arbitration, claim, governmental
or other proceeding  (formal or

                                      -6-
<PAGE>


informal),  or  investigation  pending  or,  to the  best  of  NSC's  knowledge,
threatened,  or in prospect (or any basis therefor known to NSC) with respect to
NSC or any of its businesses,  properties, or assets. NSC is not affected by any
present or threatened  strike or other labor disturbance nor to the knowledge of
NSC, is any union  attempting  to represent  any  employee of NSC as  collective
bargaining agent. NSC is not in violation of, or in default with respect to, any
law, rule,  regulation,  order,  judgment,  or decree which violation or default
would have a material  adverse  effect on NSC;  nor is NSC  required to take any
action in order to avoid such violation or default.

        (f)     PROPERTIES.

                (i)     NSC owns no real  property.  NSC has  good  title to all
personal  properties  and assets  material to NSC and used in its  businesses or
owned by it (except real and other  properties and assets material to NSC as are
held  pursuant  to leases or  licenses  described  in  Section B or C of the NSC
DISCLOSURE LETTER), free and clear of all liens, mortgages,  security interests,
pledges,  charges,  and encumbrances  (except such as are listed in Section D of
the NSC DISCLOSURE LETTER).

                (ii)    Set forth in Section B of the NSC DISCLOSURE LETTER is a
true and  complete  list of all tangible  properties  and assets owned by NSC or
leased or licensed by NSC from or to a third party (including  inventory but not
including  Intangibles  (as  hereinafter  defined)),  and with  respect  to such
properties  and assets  leased or  licensed by NSC from or to a third  party,  a
description of such lease or license.  All such properties and assets (including
Intangibles)  owned by NSC are  reflected on the Last NSC Balance  Sheet (except
for acquisitions  subsequent to the Last NSC Balance Sheet Date and prior to the
Closing  Date,  which are either  noted in Section B or C of the NSC  DISCLOSURE
LETTER or are  approved in writing by  Gridline).  All tangible  properties  and
assets owned by NSC or leased or licensed by NSC from or to a third party are in
good and  usable  condition  (reasonable  wear and tear  which is not such as to
affect adversely the operation of the businesses of NSC excepted).

                (iii)   To the best of NSC's knowledge,  no real property leased
or  licensed  by NSC from or to a third  party lies in an area which is, or will
be, subject to zoning,  use, or building code restrictions which would prohibit,
and, to the best of NSC's  knowledge,  no state of facts relating to the actions
or inaction of another  person or entity or his or its  ownership,  leasing,  or
licensing  of any real or  personal  property  exists or will exist  which would
prevent, the continued effective  ownership,  leasing, or licensing of such real
property  in the  businesses  in which NSC is now engaged or the  businesses  in
which it contemplates engaging.

                (iv)    The properties  and assets  (including  Intangibles  (as
hereinafter  defined))  owned by NSC (other than those leased or licensed by NSC
to a third party) or leased or licensed by NSC from a third party constitute all
such  properties  and assets  which are  necessary to the  businesses  of NSC as
presently conducted.

                (v)     NSC  has  not  caused  or   permitted   its   businesses
properties,  or assets to be used to generate,  manufacture,  refine, transport,
treat, store,  handle,  dispose of, transfer,  produce, or process any Hazardous
Substance  (as such  term is  defined  in this  Section  2.01(f)(v))  except  in
compliance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations,  orders, judgments, and
decrees, and has not caused or permitted the Release (as such term is defined in
this Section 2.01(f)(v)) of any

                                      -7-
<PAGE>


Hazardous  Substance  on or off  the  site of any  property  of  NSC.  The  term
"HAZARDOUS  SUBSTANCE"  shall mean any hazardous  waste, as defined by 42 U.S.C.
ss.6903(5),  any hazardous substance, as defined by 42 U.S.C.  ss.9601(14),  any
pollutant or  contaminant,  as defined by 42 U.S.C.  ss.9601(33),  and all toxic
substances,  hazardous materials,  or other chemical substances regulated by any
other law,  rule, or regulation.  The term "RELEASE"  shall have the meaning set
forth in 42 U.S.C. ss.9601(22).

        (g)     CONTRACTS AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS. Section D of the NSC DISCLOSURE
LETTER contains a true and correct  statement of the information  required to be
contained therein regarding material contracts, agreements, instruments, leases,
licenses, arrangements, or understandings with respect to NSC. NSC has furnished
to the Gridline  Shareholders  (i) the  certificate of  incorporation  (or other
charter document) and by-laws of NSC and all amendments thereto, as presently in
effect  and as  shall  be in  effect  upon  the  Reincorporation,  and  (ii) the
following:  (A) true and correct copies of all material  contracts,  agreements,
and instruments  referred to in Section D of the NSC DISCLOSURE LETTER; (B) true
and correct copies of all material leases and licenses  referred to in Section B
or C of the NSC  DISCLOSURE  LETTER  hereto;  and (C) true and  correct  written
descriptions of all material supply,  distribution,  agency, financing, or other
arrangements  or  understandings  referred  to  in  Section  B or C of  the  NSC
DISCLOSURE  LETTER.  To the best of  NSC's  knowledge,  neither  NSC nor (to the
knowledge  of NSC) any other  party to any such  material  contract,  agreement,
instrument, lease, or license is now or expects in the future to be in violation
or breach of, or in default with respect to complying  with,  any term  thereof,
and each such material contract, agreement,  instrument, lease, or license is in
full force and is (to the best of NSC's  knowledge in the case of third parties)
the legal,  valid, and binding obligation of the parties thereto and (subject to
applicable bankruptcy,  insolvency,  and other laws affecting the enforceability
of creditors' rights generally) is enforceable as to them in accordance with its
respective terms. Each such material supply, distribution, agency, financing, or
other  arrangement or  understanding  is a valid and  continuing  arrangement or
understanding;  neither  NSC nor any  other  party  to any such  arrangement  or
understanding  has given notice of termination or taken any action  inconsistent
with the continuance of such  arrangement or  understanding;  and the execution,
delivery,  and  performance  of this  Agreement  will  not  prejudice  any  such
arrangement or  understanding  in any way. NSC enjoys  peaceful and  undisturbed
possession  under all material  leases and licenses under which it is operating.
NSC is not party to, or bound by, any contract,  agreement,  instrument,  lease,
license,  arrangement,  or  understanding,  or subject  to any  charter or other
restriction, which has had or (to the knowledge of NSC) may in the future have a
material  adverse  effect on the  financial  condition,  results of  operations,
businesses, properties, assets, liabilities, or future prospects of NSC. NSC has
not  engaged  within  the last five years in, is not  engaging  in, and does not
intend to engage in any  transaction  with, and has not had within the last five
years,  does not now have,  and does not intend to have any  material  contract,
agreement,  instrument,  lease, license, arrangement, or understanding with, any
stockholder  of NSC,  any  director,  officer,  or  employee  of NSC (except for
employment  agreements  listed in  Section D of the NSC  DISCLOSURE  LETTER  and
employment  and  compensation  arrangements  described  in  Section E of the NSC
DISCLOSURE  LETTER),  any relative or affiliate of any  stockholder of NSC or of
any such director,  officer, or employee, or any other corporation or enterprise
in which any stockholder of NSC, any such director, officer, or employee, or any
such relative or affiliate  then had or now has a 5% or greater equity or voting
or other  substantial  interest,  other than those  listed and so  specified  in
Section D of the NSC  DISCLOSURE  LETTER.  The stock ledgers and stock  transfer
books relating to all issuances and transfers of stock

                                      -8-
<PAGE>


by  NSC  and  the  minute  book  records  of  NSC  and  all  proceedings  of the
stockholders and the Board of Directors and committees  thereof of NSC since its
incorporation   made   available   to  counsel  to  Gridline  and  the  Gridline
Shareholders  are the original stock ledgers and stock transfer books and minute
book records of NSC or exact copies  thereof.  NSC is not in violation or breach
of, or in default with respect to, any term of its certificate of  incorporation
(or other charter  document) or by-laws or its its certificate of  incorporation
(or other charter document) or by-laws commencing upon the Reincorporation.

        (h)     EMPLOYEES.

                (i)     NSC  does not  have,  or  contribute  to,  any  pension,
profit-sharing,  option,  other  incentive  plan,  or any other type of Employee
Benefit  Plan (as  defined in Section  3(3) of the  Employee  Retirement  Income
Security  Act of  1974,  as  amended  ("ERISA")),  or has any  obligation  to or
customary  arrangement  with  employees  for  bonuses,  incentive  compensation,
vacations,  severance  pay,  sick pay,  sick leave,  insurance,  service  award,
relocation,  disability,  tuition  refund,  or other  benefits,  whether oral or
written,  except as set forth in Section E of the NSC DISCLOSURE LETTER. NSC has
furnished to Gridline and the Gridline Shareholders: (A) true and correct copies
of all documents evidencing plans,  obligations,  or arrangements referred to in
Section E of the NSC DISCLOSURE  LETTER (or true and correct written  summaries,
so initialed,  of such plans,  obligations,  or  arrangements  to the extent not
evidenced  by  documents)  and true and correct  copies,  so  initialed,  of all
documents evidencing trusts, summary plan descriptions,  and any other summaries
or  descriptions  relating  to any such plans;  (B) the two most  recent  annual
reports (Form  5500's),  if any,  including  all schedules  thereto and the most
recent  annual and  periodic  accounting  of related plan assets with respect to
each Employee  Benefit Plan; (C) the two most recent  actuarial  valuations with
respect to each Pension  Plan (as defined in Section  3(2) of ERISA)  subject to
Title IV of ERISA;  and (D) the most recent  determination  letter issued by the
Internal Revenue Service with respect to each Pension Plan.

                (ii)    If  any  Employee   Benefit  Plan  of  NSC  were  to  be
terminated on the day prior to Closing Date, (A) no liability  under Title IV of
ERISA  would be incurred by NSC or  Gridline  and (B) all Accrued  Benefits  (as
defined  in this  Section  2.01(h)(ii))  to such day prior to the  Closing  Date
(whether or not vested) would be fully funded in accordance with the assumptions
contained  in  the  regulations  of the  Pension  Benefit  Guaranty  Corporation
governing the funding of terminated  defined benefit plans. For purposes hereof,
"ACCRUED BENEFITS" shall include the value of disability,  pre-retirement, death
benefits,  and all  supplements,  subsidized,  ancillary,  and optional forms of
benefits.  All Accrued  Liabilities (for contributions or otherwise) (as defined
in this  Section  2.01(h)(ii))  of NSC as of the Closing  Date to each  Employee
Benefit Plan and with respect to each  obligation  to, or customary  arrangement
with, employees for bonuses, incentive compensation,  vacations,  severance pay,
sick pay, sick leave, insurance, service award, relocation,  disability, tuition
refund,  or other benefits,  whether oral or written,  have been paid or accrued
for all periods  ending prior to the Closing Date and no payment to any Employee
Benefit Plan or with respect to any such  obligation  or  arrangement  since the
Last NSC Balance Sheet Date has been disproportionately  large compared to prior
payments.  For purposes hereof,  "ACCRUED  LIABILITIES" shall include a pro rata
contribution  to  each  Employee  Benefit  Plan  or with  respect  to each  such
obligation or  arrangement  for that portion of a plan year or other  applicable
period which commences  prior to, and ends after,  the Closing Date, and Accrued
Liabilities for any portion of a

                                      -9-
<PAGE>


plan year or other  applicable  period shall be  determined by  multiplying  the
liability  for the entire such year or period by a fraction,  the  numerator  of
which is the number of days  preceding  the Closing  Date in such year or period
and the  denominator  of which is the number of days in such year or period,  as
the case may be.

                (iii)   There  has  been  no  violation  of  the  reporting  and
disclosure  requirements  imposed  either  under  ERISA or the Code for  which a
penalty has been or may be imposed with respect to any Employee  Benefit Plan of
NSC. There has been no breach of fiduciary duty or  responsibility  with respect
to any Employee  Benefit Plan of NSC. No Employee Benefit Plan of NSC or related
trust has any liability of any nature, accrued or contingent,  including without
limitation  liabilities for Taxes, other than for routine payments to be made in
due course to participants and  beneficiaries,  except as set forth in Section E
of the NSC DISCLOSURE  LETTER.  NSC does not have any formal plan or commitment,
whether or not legally binding,  to create any additional or modify any existing
Employee Benefit Plan or benefit obligation or arrangement  described in Section
2.01(h)(i)).  Each  Employee  Benefit  Plan of NSC which is a group  health plan
within the meaning of Section  5000(b)(1) of the Code is and has been maintained
in full  compliance  with the  applicable  requirements  of Section 4980B of the
Code. Other than the health care  continuation  requirements of Section 4980B of
the Code,  NSC does not have any obligation to provide  post-retirement  medical
benefits or life insurance coverage or any deferred compensation benefits to any
present  or  former  employees.  There  is no  litigation,  arbitration,  claim,
governmental or other proceeding (formal or informal), or investigation pending,
threatened,  or (to the best of  NSC's  knowledge)  in  prospect  (or any  basis
therefor  known to NSC) with  respect  to any  Employee  Benefit  Plan of NSC or
related trust or with respect to any  fiduciary,  administrator,  or sponsor (in
its capacity as such) of any Employee  Benefit Plan. No Employee Benefit Plan of
NSC or related trust and no such  obligation or  arrangement is in violation of,
or in default with respect to, any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, which
violation or default would have a material  adverse effect thereon or decree nor
is NSC, any Employee  Benefit Plan of NSC, or any related trust required to take
any  action  in order to avoid  any such  violation  or  default.  No event  has
occurred,  or is (to the best of NSC's knowledge)  threatened or about to occur,
which would constitute a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA.

                (iv)    Each Pension Plan  maintained  for the  employees of NSC
has been qualified, from its inception, under Section 401(a) of the Code and any
related  trust has been an exempt trust for such period under Section 501 of the
Code.  Each  Pension Plan has been  operated in  accordance  with its terms.  No
Pension Plan which is subject to Title IV of ERISA has an  accumulated or waived
funding   deficiency  within  the  meaning  of  Section  412  of  the  Code.  No
investigation or review by the Internal Revenue Service is currently  pending or
(to the knowledge of NSC) is contemplated in which the Internal  Revenue Service
has asserted or may assert that any Pension Plan is not qualified  under Section
401(a) of the Code or that any related  trust is not exempt under Section 501 of
the Code.  Neither  NSC,  nor any  organization  to which NSC is a successor  or
parent corporation, within the meaning of Section 4069(b) of ERISA, has divested
itself of any entity  maintaining  or with an  obligation  to  contribute to any
Pension Plan which had an "AMOUNT OF UNFUNDED  BENEFIT  LIABILITIES," as defined
in Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA, at the time of such divestiture.  No assessment
of any federal  taxes with respect to any Employee  Benefit Plan of NSC has been
made or (to the  knowledge of NSC) is  contemplated  against NSC, or any related
trust of any Pension Plan of NSC, and nothing has occurred which would result in
the assessment of

                                      -10-
<PAGE>


unrelated  business  taxable  income under the Code with respect to any Employee
Benefit  Plan of NSC.  Form 5500's have been  timely  filed with  respect to all
Pension  Plans of NSC.  No event has  occurred or (to the  knowledge  of NSC) is
threatened  or about to occur which would  constitute a reportable  event within
the meaning of Section 4043(b) of ERISA. No notice of termination has been filed
by the plan  administrator  pursuant  to Section  4041 of ERISA or issued by the
Pension  Benefit  Guaranty  Corporation  pursuant to Section  4042 of ERISA with
respect to any Pension Plan of NSC.

                (v)     NSC  does  not  currently   contribute   to,  and  since
September 16, 1980 has not effectuated  either a complete or partial  withdrawal
from,  any  multiemployer  Pension  Plan within the meaning of Section  3(37) of
ERISA.

                (vi)    Section E of the NSC DISCLOSURE  LETTER  contains a true
and correct  statement of the names,  relationship  with NSC,  present  rates of
compensation  (whether  in the form of salary,  bonuses,  commissions,  or other
supplemental  compensation now or hereafter payable), and aggregate compensation
for the fiscal year ended  December 31, 2003 of (A) each director,  officer,  or
other  employee of NSC whose  aggregate  compensation  for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2003 exceeded US$25,000 or whose aggregate  compensation  presently
exceeds the rate of US$25,000  per annum and (B) all sales agents,  dealers,  or
distributors  of NSC. Since  [December 31, 2003, NSC has not changed the rate of
compensation of any of its directors,  officers,  employees, agents, dealers, or
distributors,  nor  has  any  Employee  Benefit  Plan  or  program  of NSC  been
instituted  or amended to increase  benefits  thereunder.  There is no contract,
agreement,  plan,  arrangement,  or  understanding  covering  any  person  that,
individually or collectively,  could give rise to the payment of any amount that
would not be deductible by NSC by reason of Section 280G of the Code.

                (vii)   NSC has not, since at least December 31, 2003,  extended
or  maintained  credit,  arranged  for the  extension  of credit,  or renewed an
extension  of credit,  in the form of a personal  loan to or for any director or
executive officer (or equivalent thereof) thereof.

        (i)     PATENTS,  TRADEMARKS,  ET  CETERA.  NSC  does  not  own or  have
pending, and is not licensed or otherwise permitted to use, any material patent,
patent application,  trademark, trademark application,  service mark, copyright,
copyright application,  franchise,  trade secret, computer program (in object or
source code or otherwise),  or other intangible property or asset (collectively,
"INTANGIBLES"),  other  than as  described  in  Section C of the NSC  DISCLOSURE
LETTER.  Each  Intangible  is  validly  issued  and is  currently  in force  and
uncontested  in all  jurisdictions  in which it is used or in which  such use is
contemplated. Section C of the NSC DISCLOSURE LETTER contains a true and correct
listing of: (i) all  Intangibles  which are owned  (either in whole or in part),
used by, or licensed to NSC or which otherwise  relate to the businesses of NSC,
and  a  description  of  each  such  Intangible   which  identifies  its  owner,
registrant, or applicant; (ii) all contracts,  agreements,  instruments, leases,
and licenses and  identification  of all parties thereto under which NSC owns or
uses any Intangible (whether or not under license from third parties),  together
with the  identification  of the owner,  registrant,  or  applicant of each such
Intangible; (iii) all contracts,  agreements,  instruments, leases, and licenses
and  identification  of all parties  thereto under which NSC grants the right to
use any  Intangible;  (iv) all validity,  infringement,  right-to-use,  or other
opinions of counsel  (whether  in-house or outside)  which concern the validity,
infringement, or enforceability of any Intangible owned or controlled by a party
other than NSC which relates to the

                                      -11-
<PAGE>


businesses,  properties,  or assets of NSC.  Except as specified in Section C of
the NSC  DISCLOSURE  LETTER,  to the  knowledge  of NSC: (v) NSC is the sole and
exclusive  owner or licensee of, and (other than those  exclusively  licensed by
NSC to a third party) has the right to use, all Intangibles;  (vi) no Intangible
is subject to any order,  judgment,  decree,  contract,  agreement,  instrument,
lease,  or license  restricting  the scope of the use thereof;  (vii) during the
last five years, NSC has not been charged with, and has not charged others with,
unfair  competition,   infringement  of  any  Intangible,  or  wrongful  use  of
confidential information,  trade secrets, or secret processes; and (viii) NSC is
not using any patentable invention,  confidential information,  trade secret, or
secret process of others.  There is no right under any  Intangible  necessary to
the businesses of NSC as presently  conducted or as it contemplates  conducting,
except  such as are so  designated  in Section C of the NSC  DISCLOSURE  LETTER.
Except as  described  in  Section C of the NSC  DISCLOSURE  LETTER,  NSC has not
infringed,  is not  infringing,  and has not received  notice of infringement in
respect of the Intangibles or asserted  Intangibles of others,  nor has NSC been
advised  by  counsel  or  others  that  it is  infringing  or may  infringe  the
Intangibles  or asserted  Intangibles  of others if any  currently  contemplated
business  activity  is  effectuated.  To  the  knowledge  of  NSC,  there  is no
infringement  by  others of  Intangibles  of NSC.  As far as NSC can  reasonably
foresee,  there is no  Intangible  or  asserted  Intangible  of others  that may
materially  adversely  affect the financial  condition,  results of  operations,
businesses,  properties,  assets,  liabilities,  or future prospects of NSC. All
material contracts, agreements,  instruments, leases, and licenses pertaining to
Intangibles  to  which  NSC is a  party,  or to  which  any  of its  businesses,
properties,  or assets are subject,  are in compliance in all material  respects
with all laws, rules, regulations, orders, judgments, and decrees binding on NSC
or to which any of its businesses,  properties,  or assets are subject.  NSC did
not register any trademark,  tradename or service mark,  design, or name used by
NSC to identify its products,  businesses, or services.  Neither any stockholder
of NSC, any director,  officer, or employee of NSC, any relative or affiliate of
any stockholder of NSC, any such director,  officer, or employee,  nor any other
corporation  or enterprise in which any  stockholder  of NSC, any such director,
officer,  or employee,  or any such relative or affiliate had or now has a 5% or
greater equity or voting or other substantial interest, possesses any Intangible
which relates to the businesses of NSC.

        (j)     QUESTIONABLE PAYMENTS.  Neither NSC, nor any director,  officer,
agent,  employee,  or other person associated with, or acting on behalf of, NSC,
nor any stockholder of NSC has, directly or indirectly: used any corporate funds
for unlawful  contributions,  gifts,  entertainment,  or other unlawful expenses
relating to political activity; made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic
government officials or employees or to foreign or domestic political parties or
campaigns from corporate  funds;  violated any provision of the Foreign  Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, as amended; or made any bribe, rebate, payoff,  influence
payment, kickback, or other unlawful payment.

        (k)     AUTHORITY. NSC has all requisite power and authority to execute,
deliver,  and perform  this  Agreement  and to effect the  Reincorporation.  All
necessary  corporate  proceedings  of NSC have been duly taken to authorize  the
execution,  delivery,  and performance of this Agreement and the effectuation of
the Reincorporation thereby. This Agreement has been duly authorized,  executed,
and delivered by NSC,  constitutes the legal,  valid, and binding  obligation of
NSC,  and is  enforceable  as to NSC in  accordance  with its  terms.  Except as
otherwise  set forth in this  Agreement,  no consent,  authorization,  approval,
order,  license,  certificate,  or permit of or from, or  declaration  or filing
with, any federal, state, local, or other governmental authority or any court or

                                      -12-
<PAGE>


other tribunal is required by NSC for the execution, delivery, or performance of
this Agreement or the effectuation of the  Reincorporation by NSC. No consent of
any party to any  material  contract,  agreement,  instrument,  lease,  license,
arrangement,  or understanding to which NSC is a party, or to which it or any of
its  businesses,  properties,  or  assets  are  subject,  is  required  for  the
execution,  delivery,  or performance  of this Agreement or the  Reincorporation
(except such consents  referred to in Section D of the NSC  DISCLOSURE  LETTER);
and  the  execution,  delivery,  and  performance  of  this  Agreement  and  the
effectuation  of the  Reincorporation  will not (if the consents  referred to in
Section  D of the NSC  DISCLOSURE  LETTER  are  obtained  prior to the  Closing)
violate, result in a breach of, conflict with, or (with or without the giving of
notice or the passage of time or both)  entitle any party to terminate or call a
default under, entitle any party to receive rights or privileges that such party
was not entitled to receive before this Agreement was executed  under, or create
any obligation on the part of NSC to which it was not subject immediately before
this  Agreement  was  executed  or  the  Reincorporation  was  effectuated,   as
applicable,   under,  any  term  of  any  such  material  contract,   agreement,
instrument, lease, license, arrangement, or understanding,  or violate or result
in a breach of any term of the  certificate of  incorporation  (or other charter
document) (as currently in effect or as in effect upon the  Reincorporation)  or
by-laws (as currently in effect or as in effect upon the Reincorporation)of NSC,
or (if the  provisions of this  Agreement are  satisfied)  violate,  result in a
breach of, or conflict  with any law,  rule,  regulation,  order,  judgment,  or
decree binding on NSC or to which any of its businesses,  properties,  or assets
are subject,  which violation or breach would have a material  adverse effect on
NSC. Neither NSC, nor any of its officers,  directors,  employees, or agents has
employed any broker or finder or incurred any liability for any fee, commission,
or other compensation  payable by any person on account of alleged employment as
a broker or finder, or alleged performance of services as a broker or finder, in
connection  with  or  as  a  result  of  this  Agreement  or  the   transactions
contemplated hereby and in connection herewith,  including,  without limitation,
the Reincorporation.

        (l)     STATUS OF SHARES OF NSC COMMON STOCK TO BE ISSUED.

                (i)     Assuming  without   investigation  that  the  shares  of
        Gridline  Capital  Stock  outstanding  on the  Closing  Date are validly
        authorized, validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable, the shares of
        NSC Common  Stock to be issued  pursuant to Section  1.02(a)  hereof are
        validly  authorized  and,  when the such shares of NSC Common Stock have
        been duly delivered pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, such shares
        of  NSC  Common  Stock  will  be  validly   issued,   fully  paid,   and
        nonassessable and will not have been issued,  owned or held in violation
        of any preemptive or similar right of stockholder.

                (ii)    The shares of NSC Common Stock to be issued  pursuant to
        the to terms of such Gridline  Stock  Options and Gridline  Warrants are
        validly  authorized  and, when such shares of NSC Common Stock have been
        duly  delivered  pursuant to, and in accordance  with,  the terms of the
        Gridline Stock Options and the Gridline  Warrants against payment of the
        exercise price specified  therein,  such shares of NSC Common Stock will
        be validly issued,  fully paid, and nonassessable and will not have been
        issued, owned or held in violation of any preemptive or similar right of
        stockholder.

        (m)     INSURANCE.  All  policies  of fire and other  insurance  against
casualty  and other  losses and public  liability  insurance  carried by NSC are
described in Section F of the NSC DISCLOSURE LETTER (including the risks covered
and limits of such policies) and are in full force and effect. All

                                      -13-
<PAGE>


premiums  in  respect  of such  policies  for which  premium  notices  have been
received have been paid in full as the same become due and payable.  NSC has not
failed to give any notice or present any claim under any insurance policy in due
and timely fashion.  There are no actual claims or claims  threatened in writing
against NSC which could come within the scope of such  coverage nor are any such
policies  currently  threatened  with  cancellation.  There  are no  outstanding
requirements or  recommendations  by any insurance  company that issued a policy
with respect to any of the respective assets,  the businesses,  or operations of
NSC or by any  Board of Fire  Underwriters  or  other  body  exercising  similar
functions or by any governmental authority requiring or recommending any repairs
or other  work to be done on, or with  respect  to,  any of the assets of NSC or
requiring or  recommending  any  equipment or  facilities to be installed on any
premises from which the businesses of NSC is conducted or in connection with any
of the  respective  assets  thereof.  NSC does not  have  any  knowledge  of any
material proposed increase in applicable insurance rates or of any conditions or
circumstances  applicable  to the  businesses  thereof that might result in such
increases.   No  such  policy  is  terminable  by  virtue  of  the  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

        (o)     TRADING MATTERS. At the date hereof and at the Closing Date:

                (i)     the NSC Common Stock is eligible to be traded and quoted
in the over-the-counter market known as the "pink sheet market" (the "OTC");

                (ii)    NSC has and shall have performed or satisfied all of its
undertakings to, and of its obligations and requirements with, the SEC;

                (iv)    NSC has not,  and shall not have taken any  action  that
would preclude, or otherwise  jeopardize,  the inclusion of the NSC Common Stock
for quotation on the OTC or the OTC Bulletin Board.

        (p)     REORGANIZATION.

                (i)     NSC has not taken and has not  agreed to take any action
(other than actions  contemplated by this  Agreement)  that could  reasonably be
expected  to  prevent  the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement  from
constituting a "reorganization"  under section 368(a)(1)(B) of the Code or as an
acquisition  of in excess of 80% of the stock of a  corporation  in exchange for
property under Section 351 of the Code. NSC is not aware of any agreement,  plan
or  other  circumstance  that  could  reasonably  be  expected  to  prevent  the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement from so qualifying.

                (ii)    NSC has no plan or intention to reacquire, and, to NSC's
knowledge,  no person related to NSC within the meaning of Treasury  Regulations
Section 1.368-1 has a plan or intention to acquire,  any of the NSC Common Stock
pursuant to Section 1.02(a) hereof.

        (q)     COMPLETENESS OF DISCLOSURE. No representation or warranty by NSC
in this Agreement  contains or, and at the Closing Date will contain,  an untrue
statement of material fact or omits or, at the Closing Date,  will omit to state
a  material  fact  required  to be  stated  therein  or  necessary  to make  the
statements made not misleading.

                                      -14-
<PAGE>


        (r)     PERIODIC REPORTING.

                (i)     The NSC Common Stock has been  registered  under Section
12 of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "EXCHANGE  ACT") and
NSC is  subject  to the  periodic  reporting  requirements  of Section 13 of the
Exchange  Act.  NSC  has  heretofore  provided  to  Gridline  and  the  Gridline
Shareholders  true,  complete,   and  correct  copies  of  all  forms,  reports,
schedules,  statements, and other documents required to be filed by it under the
Exchange Act since at least April 18, 2000 as such  documents  have been amended
since the time of the  filing  thereof  (the "NSC SEC  DOCUMENTS").  The NSC SEC
Documents, including, without limitation, any financial statements and schedules
included therein, at the time filed or, if subsequently  amended, as so amended,
(i) did not  contain  any untrue  statement  of a material  fact  required to be
stated  therein  or  necessary  in  order  to make the  statements  therein  not
misleading and (ii) complied in all respects with the applicable requirements of
the  Exchange  Act and the  applicable  rules and  regulations  thereunder.  The
financial statements included in the NSC SEC Documents complied when filed as to
form in all material respects with applicable  accounting  requirements and with
the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect  thereto,  have been
prepared in accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles in the
United States, applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except
as may be indicated in the notes thereto or, in the case of unaudited  financial
statements,  as permitted by the rules and  regulations of the  Commission)  and
fairly present,  subject in the case of the unaudited financial  statements,  to
customary year end audit  adjustments,  the financial  position of NSC as at the
dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows.

                (ii)    The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures
required by Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15  under the  Exchange  Act;  such  controls and
procedures are effective to ensure that all material information  concerning the
Company and its  subsidiaries is made known on a timely basis to the individuals
responsible for the preparation of the Company's  filings with the SEC and other
public  disclosure  documents.  NSC has  delivered  to  Gridline  copies of, all
written  descriptions  of,  and  all  policies,   manuals  and  other  documents
promulgating,  such disclosure controls and procedures. To NSC's knowledge, each
director and executive  officer thereof has filed with the SEC on a timely basis
all  statements  required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations  thereunder  since  April  18,  2000.  As used in the  this  Section
2.01(r),  the term "file"  shall be broadly  construed  to include any manner in
which a document  or  information  is  furnished,  supplied  or  otherwise  made
available to the SEC.

                (iii)   The Chief  Executive  Officer  and the  Chief  Financial
Officer of NSC have  signed,  and the  Company  has  furnished  to the SEC,  all
certifications  required by Sections  302 and 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of
2002; such certifications contain no qualifications or exceptions to the matters
certified  therein and have not been modified or withdrawn;  and neither NSC nor
any of its officers has received notice from any governmental entity questioning
or  challenging  the  accuracy,  completeness,  form  or  manner  of  filing  or
submission of such certifications.

                (iv)    NSC has  heretofore has provided  Gridline  complete and
correct copies of all certifications filed with the SEC pursuant to Sections 302
and 906 of  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002 and  hereby  reaffirms,  represents  and
warrants to Gridline the matters and statements made in such  certificates.

                                      -15-
<PAGE>


        (s)     COMPLIANCE WITH LAW AND GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS.

                (i)     NSC is in compliance  with,  and is not in violation of,
applicable  federal,  state,  local or foreign  statutes,  laws and  regulations
(including without  limitation,  any applicable  building,  zoning or other law,
ordinance  or  regulation)  affecting  its  properties  or the  operation of its
business. NSC is not subject to any order, decree, judgment or other sanction of
any court, administrative agency or other tribunal.

                (ii)    Each of NSC,  its  directors  and its  senior  financial
officers has consulted  with NSC's  independent  auditors and with NSC's outside
counsel  with respect to, and (to the extent  applicable  to NSC) is familiar in
all material  respects with all of the  requirements of,  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of
2002.  NSC is in compliance  with the provisions of such act applicable to it as
of the date hereof and has  implemented  such programs and has taken  reasonable
steps,  upon the  advice of NSC's  independent  auditors  and  outside  counsel,
respectively,  to ensure  NSC's future  compliance  (not later than the relevant
statutory and regulatory  deadlines  therefore)  with all provisions of such act
which shall become applicable thereto after the date hereof.

        (t)     LEGAL  PROCEEDINGS  AND  HISTORY.  NSC hereby  represents  that,
unless otherwise  disclosed herein or in Section G of the NSC DISCLOSURE LETTER,
no officer, director or affiliate of NSC, has been, within the five years ending
on the Closing Date, a party to any bankruptcy  petition  against such person or
against  any  business  of which such  person  was  affiliated;  convicted  in a
criminal  proceeding  or subject  to a pending  criminal  proceeding  (excluding
traffic violations and other minor offenses);  subject to any order, judgment or
decree,  not  subsequently  reversed,  suspended  or  vacated,  of any  court of
competent   jurisdiction,   permanently  or  temporarily   enjoining,   barring,
suspending  or otherwise  limiting  their  involvement  in any type of business,
securities or banking activities;  or found by a court of competent jurisdiction
in a civil action,  by the SEC or the Commodity  Futures  Trading  Commission to
have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment
has not been reversed, suspended or vacated.

        SECTION 2.02    REPRESENTATIONS  AND  WARRANTIES  OF GRIDLINE.  Gridline
hereby represents and warrants to, and agrees with, NSC:

        (a)     ORGANIZATION AND  QUALIFICATION.  Gridline owns no subsidiary or
affiliate  corporation or owns any interest in any other enterprise  (whether or
not such enterprise is a corporation).  Section A of the letter, dated even date
herewith,  from Gridline to NSC (the "GRIDLINE  DISCLOSURE  LETTER"),  correctly
sets  forth as to  Gridline  its  place  of  incorporation,  principal  place of
business,  jurisdictions  in  which  it is  qualified  to do  business,  and the
businesses  which it presently  conducts and which it  contemplates  conducting.
Gridline is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing
under the laws of the State of Delaware, with all requisite power and authority,
and  all  necessary  consents,  authorizations,   approvals,  orders,  licenses,
certificates,  and permits of and from, and  declarations  and filings with, all
federal,  state,  local, and other  governmental  authorities and all courts and
other tribunals,  to own, lease,  license, and use its properties and assets and
to carry on the  businesses  in which it is now  engaged and the  businesses  in
which it  contemplates  engaging.  Gridline is duly  qualified  to transact  the
businesses  in which it is engaged.  Gridline  is in good  standing as a foreign
corporation in every jurisdiction in which its ownership, leasing, licensing, or
use  of  property  or  assets  or  the  conduct  of its  businesses  makes  such
qualification necessary.

                                      -16-
<PAGE>


         (b)  CAPITALIZATION.  The authorized capital stock of Gridline consists
of 250,000,000 shares of capital stock, divided into 20,000,000 shares of "blank
check"  preferred  stock,  par value  $0.0001 per share,  no shares of which are
outstanding, and 230,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share
, of which 96,700,000 shares are issued and outstanding. Each of the outstanding
shares of Gridline Capital Stock is validly  authorized,  validly issued,  fully
paid,  and  nonassessable,  has not  been  issued  and is not  owned  or held in
violation of any preemptive right of  stockholders,  and is owned by the persons
or entities set forth in Section A of the GRIDLINE  DISCLOSURE  LETTER,  in each
case  free  and  clear  of all  liens,  security  interests,  pledges,  charges,
encumbrances,  stockholders'  agreements,  and voting  trusts.  Except for those
certain  options,  warrants and convertible  securities  described on SCHEDULE B
hereto, there is no outstanding security or other instrument convertible into or
exercisable  or  exchangeable  for  Gridline  Capital  Stock,  and  there  is no
commitment,  plan, or arrangement to issue, and no outstanding option,  warrant,
or other right calling for the issuance of, any share of Gridline  Capital Stock
or any  security  or other  instrument  convertible  into,  exercisable  for, or
exchangeable for Gridline Capital Stock.

        (c)     FINANCIAL  CONDITION.  Gridline  has  delivered  to NSC true and
correct  copies of the  following:  audited  balance  sheets of  Gridline  as of
September  30,  2004;  and  audited  statements  of  operations,  statements  of
stockholders'  equity,  and  statements of cash flows of Gridline for the period
from the date of  inception  through  September  30, 2004.  Such  balance  sheet
presents fairly the financial condition,  assets, liabilities, and stockholders'
equity of Gridline as of its date; such statement of operations and statement of
stockholders'  equity  presents fairly the results of operations of Gridline for
the period  indicated;  and such  statement  of cash flows  presents  fairly the
information  purported to be shown therein. The financial statements referred to
in this Section 2.02(c) have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting  principles in the United States consistently  applied throughout the
periods  involved and are in accordance  with the books and records of Gridline.
The  financial  statements  referred  to in this  Section  2.02(c)  contain  all
certifications and statements  required,  if any, by the SEC's Order, dated June
27, 2002,  pursuant to Section  21(a)(1) of the  Exchange Act (File No.  4-460),
Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 under the Exchange Act, or 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (Section
906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002) with  respect  to the  report  relating
thereto. Since September 30, 2004:

                (i)     There has at no time been a material  adverse  change in
        the financial condition,  results of operations,  business,  properties,
        assets, liabilities, or future prospects of Gridline.

                (ii)    Gridline has not authorized, declared, paid, or effected
        any  dividend or  liquidating  or other  distribution  in respect of its
        capital stock or any direct or indirect redemption,  purchase,  or other
        acquisition of any stock of Gridline.

                (iii)   The  operations  and  businesses  of Gridline  have been
        conducted in all respects  only in the ordinary  course,  except for the
        transactions contemplated hereby and in connection herewith.

                (iv)    There has been no accepted  purchase order or quotation,
        arrangement,  or  understanding  for  future  sale  of the  products  or
        services of Gridline that Gridline expects will not be profitable.

                                      -17-
<PAGE>


                (v)     Gridline has not suffered an extraordinary loss (whether
        or not covered by insurance) or waived any right of substantial value.

There is no fact known to Gridline which materially  adversely affects or in the
future (as far as Gridline  can  reasonably  foresee) may  materially  adversely
affect the financial  condition,  results of operations,  business,  properties,
assets,  liabilities,  or future prospects of Gridline;  provided, however, that
Gridline  expresses no opinion as to  political  or economic  matters of general
applicability.  Gridline  has made  known,  or caused to be made  known,  to the
accountants   or  auditors  who  have   prepared,   reviewed,   or  audited  the
aforementioned   consolidated   financial  statements  all  material  facts  and
circumstances  which could  affect the  preparation,  presentation,  accuracy or
completeness  thereof.  The  statement  of  operations  of Gridline for the year
ending December 31, 2004 shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting  principles in the United States consistently  applied throughout the
periods involved,  and shall contain all certifications and statements required,
if any, by the SEC's Order, dated June 27, 2002, pursuant to Section 21(a)(1) of
the Exchange Act (File No. 4-460), Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 under the Exchange Act,
or 18 U.S.C.  Section 1350  (Sections 302 and 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of
2002) with respect to the report relating thereto.

        (d)     TAX AND OTHER  LIABILITIES.  Gridline does not have any material
liability of any nature, accrued or contingent,  including,  without limitation,
liabilities for Taxes, and liabilities to customers or suppliers, other than the
following:

                (i)     Liabilities  for which full  provision  has been made on
        the balance  sheet and the notes  thereto  (the "LAST  GRIDLINE  BALANCE
        SHEET") as of  September  30,  2004 (the "LAST  GRIDLINE  BALANCE  SHEET
        DATE") referred to in Section 2.02(c); and

                (ii)    Other  liabilities   arising  since  the  Last  Gridline
        Balance Sheet Date and prior to the Closing Date in the ordinary  course
        of business (which shall not include liabilities to customers on account
        of  defective   products  or  services)  or  in   connection   with  the
        transactions contemplated hereby or in connection herewith which are not
        inconsistent with the  representations and warranties of Gridline or any
        other provision of this Agreement.

Without  limiting  the  generality  of  the  foregoing,  the  amounts  set up as
provisions  for Taxes on the Last Gridline  Balance Sheet are sufficient for all
accrued and unpaid Taxes of Gridline, whether or not due and payable and whether
or not disputed, under tax laws, as in effect on the Last Gridline Balance Sheet
Date or now in  effect,  for the  period  ended on such date and for all  fiscal
periods  prior  thereto.  The  execution,  delivery,  and  performance  of  this
Agreement by Gridline  will not cause any Taxes to be payable  other than by the
stockholders of Gridline or cause any lien, charge, or encumbrance to secure any
Taxes to be created either immediately or upon the nonpayment of any Taxes other
than on the properties or assets of the  stockholders of Gridline.  Gridline has
not been  required to file any tax returns by any  overseas tax  authorities  or
required to pay any taxes,  assessments,  and other governmental charges payable
or  remittable by it or levied upon it or its  properties,  assets,  income,  or
franchises which are due and payable. Gridline is not subject to any litigation,
governmental or other proceeding (formal or informal), or investigation pending,
threatened, or in prospect with respect to any such report or the subject matter
of such report.

                                      -18-
<PAGE>


        (e)     LITIGATION AND CLAIMS. Except as described in Section H GRIDLINE
DISCLOSURE LETTER, there is no litigation,  arbitration,  claim, governmental or
other proceeding (formal or informal), or investigation pending, threatened, or,
to the best of Gridline's knowledge, in prospect (or any basis therefor known to
Gridline),  with respect to Gridline or any of its  businesses,  properties,  or
assets.  Gridline is not affected by any present or  threatened  strike or other
labor  disturbance  nor to the knowledge of Gridline is any union  attempting to
represent any employee of Gridline as collective  bargaining agent.  Gridline is
not in violation of, or in default with respect to, any law,  rule,  regulation,
order,  judgment,  or decree which  violation  or default  would have a material
adverse  effect upon  Gridline;  nor is Gridline  required to take any action in
order to avoid such violation or default.

        (f)     PROPERTIES.

                (i)     Gridline does not own any legal or equitable interest in
any real  property.  Gridline has good title to all other  properties and assets
material to Gridline, used in its business or owned by it (except real and other
properties  and assets as are held  pursuant to leases or licenses  described in
Section B or C of the GRIDLINE DISCLOSURE LETTER),  free and clear of all liens,
mortgages,  security interests,  pledges, charges, and encumbrances (except such
as are listed in Section D of the GRIDLINE DISCLOSURE LETTER).

                (ii)    All accounts and notes receivable  reflected on the Last
Gridline  Balance Sheet, or arising since the Last Gridline  Balance Sheet Date,
have been collected,  or are and will be good and  collectible,  in each case at
the aggregate  recorded  amounts  thereof  without  right of recourse,  defense,
deduction, return of goods, counterclaim,  offset, or set off on the part of the
obligor, and, if not collected,  can reasonably be anticipated to be paid within
180 days of the date incurred.

                (iii)   All  production  in progress  of Gridline is usable,  in
current  production  and  marketable,  on a normal  basis in the  existing  film
production business of Gridline.

                (iv)    Attached as Section B of the GRIDLINE  DISCLOSURE LETTER
is a true and complete list of the classes of all tangible properties and assets
owned by Gridline  or leased or  licensed  by Gridline  from or to a third party
(including  inventory  but not  including  Intangibles,  as  defined  in Section
2.02(i)),  and with respect to such  properties and assets leased or licensed by
Gridline from or to a third party, a description  of such lease or license.  All
such  properties  and  assets  (including  Intangibles)  owned by  Gridline  are
reflected on the Last Gridline Balance Sheet (except for acquisitions subsequent
to the Last Gridline  Balance Sheet Date and prior to the Closing Date which are
either noted in Section B or C of the GRIDLINE DISCLOSURE LETTER or are approved
in writing by NSC). All real and other  tangible  properties and assets owned by
Gridline or leased or licensed by Gridline  from or to a third party are in good
and usable  condition  (reasonable  wear and tear which is not such as to affect
adversely the operation of the business of Gridline excepted).

                (v)     To the best of  Gridline's  knowledge,  no real property
owned by Gridline  or leased or  licensed  by Gridline  from or to a third party
lies in an area which is, or will be,  subject to zoning,  use, or building code
restrictions which would prohibit,  and, to the best of Gridline's knowledge, no
state of facts  relating to the actions or inaction of another  person or entity
or his or its ownership,  leasing, or licensing of any real or personal property
exists or will exist which would

                                      -19-
<PAGE>


prevent, the continued effective  ownership,  leasing, or licensing of such real
property in the businesses in which Gridline is now engaged or the businesses in
which it contemplates engaging.

                (vi)    The properties and assets (including  Intangibles) owned
by Gridline  (other than those  leased or licensed by Gridline to a third party)
or leased  or  licensed  by  Gridline  from a third  party  constitute  all such
properties  and assets  which are  necessary  to the  business  of  Gridline  as
presently conducted or as it contemplates conducting.

                (vii)   Gridline  has not  caused or  permitted  its  businesses
properties,  or assets to be used to generate,  manufacture,  refine, transport,
treat, store,  handle,  dispose of, transfer,  produce, or process any Hazardous
Substance (as such term is defined in Section  2.01(f)(v))  except in compliance
with all applicable laws, rules,  regulations,  orders,  judgments, and decrees,
and has not caused or permitted  the Release (as such term is defined in Section
2.01(f)(v))  of any  Hazardous  Substance  on or off the site of any property of
Gridline.

        (g)     CONTRACTS  AND  OTHER  INSTRUMENTS.  Section  D of the  GRIDLINE
DISCLOSURE  LETTER  contains a true and  correct  statement  of the  information
required to be  contained  therein  regarding  material  contracts,  agreements,
instruments,  leases, licenses,  arrangements, or understandings with respect to
Gridline.  Gridline has furnished to NSC: (i) the  certificate of  incorporation
and by-laws of Gridline (or, in each case, the comparable charter documents,  if
any, under applicable law) and all amendments  thereto,  as presently in effect,
certified by the Secretary or an  authorized  signatory of Gridline and (ii) the
following:  (A) true and correct copies of all material  contracts,  agreements,
and instruments  referred to in Section D of the GRIDLINE DISCLOSURE LETTER; (B)
true and  correct  copies of all  material  leases and  licenses  referred to in
Section  B or C of the  GRIDLINE  DISCLOSURE  LETTER;  and (C) true and  correct
written descriptions of all material supply, distribution, agency, financing, or
other  arrangements or  understandings  referred to in Section D of the GRIDLINE
DISCLOSURE LETTER.  Except as set forth in Section D of the GRIDLINE  DISCLOSURE
LETTER,  Gridline is not party to any  employment  agreement  with any  employee
thereof.  To the best of  Gridline's  knowledge,  none of  Gridline or any other
party to any such contract,  agreement,  instrument, lease, or license is now or
expects  in the  future to be in  violation  or breach  of, or in  default  with
respect to complying  with, any term thereof,  and each such material  contract,
agreement, instrument, lease, or license is in full force and is (to the best of
Gridline's knowledge in the case of third parties) the legal, valid, and binding
obligation  of the  parties  thereto  and  (subject  to  applicable  bankruptcy,
insolvency,  and other laws affecting the  enforceability  of creditors'  rights
generally) is  enforceable  as to them in accordance  with its terms.  Each such
material  supply,  distribution,  agency,  financing,  or other  arrangement  or
understanding is a valid and continuing  arrangement or  understanding;  none of
Gridline or any other party to any such arrangement or  understanding  has given
notice of termination or taken any action  inconsistent  with the continuance of
such arrangement or understanding;  and the execution, delivery, and performance
of this Agreement will not prejudice any such  arrangement or  understanding  in
any way.  Gridline enjoys peaceful and undisturbed  possession  under all leases
and licenses  under which it is operating.  Gridline is not party to or bound by
any  contract,   agreement,   instrument,   lease,  license,   arrangement,   or
understanding, or subject to any charter or other restriction, which has had or,
to the best of Gridline's  knowledge,  may in the future have a material adverse
effect  on  the  financial   condition,   results  of  operations,   businesses,
properties,  assets, liabilities, or future prospects of Gridline and, following
the consummation of the transactions  contemplated hereby, NSC. Gridline has not
engaged within the

                                      -20-
<PAGE>


last five years in, is  engaging  in, or  intends  to engage in any  transaction
with,  or has had within the last five  years,  now has,  or intends to have any
contract,  agreement,  instrument, lease, license, arrangement, or understanding
with,  any  stockholder  of  Gridline,  any  director,  officer,  or employee of
Gridline (except for employment  agreements  listed in Section D of the GRIDLINE
DISCLOSURE  LETTER and employment  and  compensation  arrangements  described in
Section E of the GRIDLINE DISCLOSURE  LETTER),  any relative or affiliate of any
stockholder of Gridline,  any such director,  officer, or employee, or any other
corporation  or  enterprise  in which  any  stockholder  of  Gridline,  any such
director,  officer,  or employee,  or any such relative or affiliate then had or
now has a 5% or greater equity or voting or other  substantial  interest,  other
than those  listed and so  specified  in  Section D of the  GRIDLINE  DISCLOSURE
LETTER.  The stock ledgers and stock  transfer books and the minute book records
of Gridline relating to all issuances and transfers of stock by Gridline and all
proceedings  of the  stockholders  and the  Board of  Directors  and  committees
thereof  of  Gridline  since its  incorporation  made  available  to NSC are the
original  stock  ledgers and stock  transfer  books and minute  book  records of
Gridline or exact copies thereof.  Gridline is not in violation or breach of, or
in default  with respect to, any term of its  certificate  of  incorporation  or
by-laws (or the comparable charter document, if any, under applicable law).

        (h)     EMPLOYEES.

                (i)     Gridline does not have,  or contribute  to, any pension,
profit-sharing,  option,  other  incentive  plan,  or any other type of Employee
Benefit Plan or has any  obligation to or customary  arrangement  with employees
for bonuses,  incentive compensation,  vacations,  severance pay, sick pay, sick
leave,  insurance,  service award,  relocation,  disability,  tuition refund, or
other benefits, whether oral or written, except as set forth in Section E of the
GRIDLINE  DISCLOSURE  LETTER.  Gridline  has  furnished  to NSC true and correct
copies, of all documents evidencing plans, obligations, or arrangements referred
to in Section E of the GRIDLINE  DISCLOSURE  LETTER (or true and correct written
summaries  of  such  plans,  obligations,  or  arrangements  to the  extent  not
evidenced  by  documents)  and true and correct  copies,  so  initialed,  of all
documents evidencing trusts, summary plan descriptions,  and any other summaries
or descriptions relating to any such plans.

                (ii)    Section E of the GRIDLINE  DISCLOSURE  LETTER contains a
true and correct  statement of the names,  relationship  with Gridline,  present
rates of compensation (whether in the form of salary, bonuses,  commissions,  or
other supplemental compensation now or hereafter payable), and aggregate rate of
compensation  for the fiscal year ended  December 31, 2004 of (A) each director,
officer,  or other employee of Gridline whose aggregate rate of compensation for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004 will exceed US$25,000 or whose aggregate
rate of compensation  presently  exceeds the rate of US$25,000 per annum and (B)
all sales agents,  dealers,  or  distributors  of Gridline.  Since September 30,
2004, Gridline has not changed the rate of compensation of any of its directors,
officers,  employees,  agents,  dealers,  or distributors,  nor has any Employee
Benefit  Plan or program of  Gridline  been  instituted  or amended to  increase
benefits thereunder.

        (i)     PATENTS,  TRADEMARKS,  ET CETERA.  Gridline does not own or have
pending,  and is not  licensed  or  otherwise  permitted  to use,  any  material
Intangible,  other than as  described  in Section C of the  GRIDLINE  DISCLOSURE
LETTER.  Each  Intangible  is  validly  issued  and is  currently  in force  and
uncontested  in all  jurisdictions  in which it is used or in which  such use is
contemplated.  Section C of the GRIDLINE  DISCLOSURE  LETTER contains a true and
correct listing of: (i) all Intangibles which

                                      -21-
<PAGE>


are owned  (either in whole or in part),  used by, or  licensed  to  Gridline or
which otherwise relate to the businesses of Gridline,  and a description of each
such Intangible which identifies its owner, registrant,  or applicant;  (ii) all
contracts,  agreements,  instruments, leases, and licenses and identification of
all parties thereto under which Gridline owns or uses any Intangible (whether or
not under license from third parties),  together with the  identification of the
owner,  registrant,  or applicant of each such Intangible;  (iii) all contracts,
agreements,  instruments, leases, and licenses and identification of all parties
thereto under which Gridline  grants the right to use any  Intangible;  and (iv)
all validity, infringement,  right-to-use, or other opinions of counsel (whether
in-house or outside) which concern the validity, infringement, or enforceability
of any  Intangible  owned or  controlled  by a party other than  Gridline  which
relates  to the  businesses,  properties,  or  assets  of  Gridline.  Except  as
specified in Section C of the GRIDLINE  DISCLOSURE  LETTER:  (v) Gridline is the
sole and  exclusive  owner or  licensee  of, and (other  than those  licensed by
Gridline  to a third  party)  has the  right to use,  all  Intangibles;  (vi) no
Intangible  is subject  to any order,  judgment,  decree,  contract,  agreement,
instrument,  lease, or license  restricting the scope of the use thereof;  (vii)
during the last five years,  Gridline  has not been  charged  with,  and has not
charged others with,  unfair  competition,  infringement of any  Intangible,  or
wrongful use of confidential  information,  trade secrets,  or secret processes;
and  (viii)  Gridline  is  not  using  any  patentable  invention,  confidential
information,  trade secret, or secret process of others. There is no right under
any Intangible necessary to the businesses of Gridline as presently conducted or
as it contemplates conducting,  except such as are so designated in Section C of
the GRIDLINE DISCLOSURE LETTER.  Gridline has not infringed,  is not infringing,
and has not received  notice of  infringement  in respect of the  Intangibles or
asserted  Intangibles  of others,  nor has  Gridline  been advised by counsel or
others  that it is  infringing  or may  infringe  the  Intangibles  or  asserted
Intangibles  of  others  if any  currently  contemplated  business  activity  is
effectuated. To the knowledge of Gridline, there is no infringement by others of
Intangibles of Gridline. As far as Gridline can foresee,  there is no Intangible
or  asserted  Intangible  of others  that may  materially  adversely  affect the
financial  condition,  results of operations,  businesses,  properties,  assets,
liabilities,  or  future  prospects  of  Gridline.  All  contracts,  agreements,
instruments, leases, and licenses pertaining to Intangibles to which Gridline is
a party, or to which any of its businesses,  properties,  or assets are subject,
are in compliance with all laws,  rules,  regulations,  orders,  judgments,  and
decrees  binding on Gridline or to which any of its businesses,  properties,  or
assets are  subject.  There is no  trademark,  tradename or service mark used by
Gridline to  identify,  respectively,  its  products,  businesses,  or services.
Neither  the  Gridline  Shareholders,  any  director,  officer,  or  employee of
Gridline,  any relative or affiliate  of the Gridline  Shareholders  or any such
director, officer, or employee, nor any other corporation or enterprise in which
the Gridline Shareholders,  any such director, officer, or employee, or any such
relative or affiliate  had or now has a 5% or greater  equity or voting or other
substantial  interest,  possesses any Intangible which relates to the businesses
of Gridline.

        (j)     QUESTIONABLE  PAYMENTS.  Neither  Gridline,  nor  any  director,
officer,  agent,  employee, or other person associated with, or acting on behalf
of, Gridline, nor the Gridline Shareholders,  has, directly or indirectly:  used
any corporate funds for unlawful contributions,  gifts, entertainment,  or other
unlawful expenses relating to political  activity;  made any unlawful payment to
foreign or domestic government  officials or employees or to foreign or domestic
political  parties or campaigns from corporate funds;  violated any provision of
the  Foreign  Corrupt  Practices  Act of 1977,  as  amended;  or made any bribe,
rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback, or other unlawful payment.

                                      -22-
<PAGE>


        (k)     AUTHORITY.  Gridline has all  requisite  power and  authority to
execute,   deliver,   and  perform  this  Agreement.   All  necessary  corporate
proceedings  of  Gridline  have  been duly  taken to  authorize  the  execution,
delivery, and performance of this Agreement by Gridline. This Agreement has been
duly  authorized,  executed,  and delivered by Gridline,  constitutes the legal,
valid, and binding obligation of Gridline,  and is enforceable as to Gridline in
accordance with its terms.  Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement,  no
consent,  authorization,  approval, order, license, certificate, or permit of or
from,  or  declaration  or filing with,  any  federal,  state,  local,  or other
governmental  authority  or any court or other  tribunal is required by Gridline
for the execution,  delivery,  or performance of this Agreement by Gridline.  No
consent of any party to any material  contract,  agreement,  instrument,  lease,
license, arrangement, or understanding to which Gridline is a party, or to which
its or any of its businesses, properties, or assets are subject, is required for
the execution,  delivery, or performance of this Agreement (except such consents
referred to in Section D of the GRIDLINE DISCLOSURE LETTER);  and the execution,
delivery,  and performance of this Agreement will not (if the consents  referred
to in Section D of the  GRIDLINE  DISCLOSURE  LETTER are  obtained  prior to the
Closing) violate,  result in a breach of, conflict with, or (with or without the
giving of notice or the passage of time or both)  entitle any party to terminate
or call a default under,  entitle any party to receive rights or privileges that
such party was not entitled to receive  immediately  before this  Agreement  was
executed under, or create any obligation on the part of Gridline or NSC to which
it was not subject  immediately  before this Agreement was executed  under,  any
term of any such  material  contract,  agreement,  instrument,  lease,  license,
arrangement,  or understanding,  or violate or result in a breach of any term of
the  certificate  of  incorporation  or by-laws of Gridline  (or the  comparable
charter documents,  if any, under applicable law), or (if the provisions of this
Agreement are  satisfied)  violate,  result in a breach of, or conflict with any
law,  rule,  regulation,  order,  judgment,  or decree binding on Gridline or to
which any of its businesses,  properties,  or assets are subject.  Except as set
forth in Section F of the GRIDLINE  DISCLOSURE LETTER,  neither Gridline nor any
of its  officers,  directors,  employees,  or agents has  employed any broker or
finder or incurred any liability for any fee, commission,  or other compensation
payable by any person on account of alleged employment as a broker or finder, or
alleged  performance of services as a broker or finder, in connection with or as
a result of this Agreement or the other transactions  contemplated hereby and in
connection herewith.

        (l)     INSURANCE.  All  policies  of fire and other  insurance  against
casualty and other losses and public liability insurance carried by Gridline are
described in Section H of the GRIDLINE  DISCLOSURE  LETTER  (including the risks
covered and limits of such  policies)  and are in full force and effect.  A full
and complete  copy of each such  insurance  policy has been provided to NSC, and
such policies are summarized in Section G of the GRIDLINE DISCLOSURE LETTER. All
premiums  in  respect  of such  policies  for which  premium  notices  have been
received  have been paid in full as the same  become due and  payable.  Gridline
have not  failed to give any  notice or present  any claim  under any  insurance
policy  in due  and  timely  fashion.  There  are no  actual  claims  or  claims
threatened in writing against Gridline which could come within the scope of such
coverage nor are any such policies currently threatened with cancellation. There
are no outstanding requirements or recommendations by any insurance company that
issued a policy with respect to any of the respective assets, the businesses, or
operations  of  Gridline  or by any  Board of Fire  Underwriters  or other  body
exercising  similar  functions  or by any  governmental  authority  requiring or
recommending any repairs or other work to be done on, or with respect to, any of
the respective  assets of Gridline or requiring or recommending any equipment or
facilities to be installed on any

                                      -23-
<PAGE>


premises  from which the  respective  businesses  of Gridline is conducted or in
connection with any of the respective assets thereof. Gridline does not have any
knowledge of any material proposed increase in applicable  insurance rates or of
any conditions or circumstances  applicable to the respective businesses thereof
that might result in such  increases.  No such policy is terminable by virtue of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

        (m)     BUSINESS  CONDUCTED  IN NO  OTHER  NAME.  Subject  to  the  next
sentence,  all  business of  Gridline  has been  conducted  in its and for their
benefit and there are no parties  related or affiliated  with  Gridline,  either
directly or  indirectly,  which are  competing  for the  business  of  Gridline.
Gridline  conducts  business in the  following  name:  "Gridline  Communications
Corp." and, previously, under the name "Halocom, Inc."

        (n)     CUSTOMERS  AND  SUPPLIERS.  There  has  been no  termination  or
cancellation of any relationship between Gridline and any material supplier,  or
any  customer or group of customers  which,  individually  or in the  aggregate,
represented  more than five (5%) percent of the gross revenues of Gridline taken
as a whole during the period from July 1, 2004 (inception) through September 30,
20034,  nor is there  any  reason  to  believe  that any  such  terminations  or
cancellations of such magnitudes are pending or threatened.

        (o)     COMPLETENESS  OF DISCLOSURE.  No  representation  or warranty by
Gridline in this  Agreement  contains,  or at the Closing Date will contain,  an
untrue  statement of material  fact or omits or at the Closing Date will omit to
state a material  fact  required to be stated  therein or  necessary to make the
statements made not misleading.

        (p)     COMPLIANCE WITH LAW AND GOVERNMENT  REGULATIONS.  Gridline is in
compliance in all material respects with, and is not in violation of, applicable
local or foreign statutes,  laws and regulations  (including without limitation,
any applicable building, zoning or other law, ordinance or regulation) affecting
its properties or the operation of its business.  Gridline is not subject to any
order, decree, judgment or other sanction of any court, administrative agency or
other tribunal.

        SECTION 2.03    REPRESENTATIONS   AND   WARRANTIES   OF   THE   GRIDLINE
SHAREHOLDERS.  The Gridline  Shareholders hereby represents and warrants to, and
agrees with, NSC as follows:

        (a)     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF GRIDLINE.  To the knowledge of
the Gridline  Shareholders,  the  representations and warranties of Gridline set
forth in Section  2.02  hereof are true and  correct in all  material  respects.
Nothing has come to the attention of the Gridline  Shareholders  that would lead
the  Gridline  Shareholders  to believe that any  representation  or warranty of
Gridline set forth on Section 2.02 hereof is untrue or incorrect in any material
respect.

        (b)     AUTHORITY.  Gridline  and the  Gridline  Shareholders  have each
approved this Agreement and duly  authorized the execution and delivery  hereof.
The  Gridline   Shareholders  are  individuals  residing  in  the  jurisdictions
indicated  in  SCHEDULE A hereto  with full power and  authority  under the laws
thereof to execute,  deliver,  and perform this  Agreement and the  transactions
contemplated hereby and in connection herewith.  The Gridline  Shareholders have
reached the age of majority under applicable law.

                                      -24-
<PAGE>


        (c)     OWNERSHIP OF SHARES. The Gridline  Shareholders own beneficially
all of the shares of Gridline Capital Stock. The Gridline Shareholders have full
power and  authority to transfer  such shares of Gridline  Capital  Stock to NSC
under, pursuant to, and in accordance with, this Agreement,  and such shares are
free and clear of any liens,  charges,  mortgages,  pledges or encumbrances  and
such shares are not subject to any claims as to the  ownership  thereof,  or any
rights,  powers or interest  therein,  by any third party and are not subject to
any preemptive or similar rights of stockholders.

        (d)     INVESTMENT REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS.

                (i)     The  Gridline  Shareholders   represent  that  they  are
acquiring  the  shares of NSC  Common  Stock to be issued  pursuant  to  Section
1.02(a)  hereof for their own  accounts and for  investment  only and not with a
view to  distribution  or resale  thereof  within the  meaning of such phrase as
defined under the Securities Act. The Gridline Shareholders shall not dispose of
any  part  or all of  such  shares  of NSC  Common  Stock  in  violation  of the
provisions of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated under
the Securities Act by the SEC and all applicable  provisions of state securities
laws and regulations.

                (ii)    The certificate or certificates  representing the shares
of NSC Common Stock shall bear a legend in  substantially  the form set forth in
Section 1.02(c) hereof.

                (iii)   The Gridline  Shareholders  acknowledge  being  informed
that the shares of NSC Common  Stock to be issued  pursuant  to Section  1.02(a)
hereof shall be  unregistered,  shall be  "RESTRICTED  SECURITIES" as defined in
paragraph  (a)  of  Rule  144  under  the  Securities  Act,  and  must  be  held
indefinitely  unless (a) they are  subsequently  registered under the Securities
Act, or (b) an  exemption  from such  registration  is  available.  The Gridline
Shareholders  further  acknowledge  that  NSC does  not  have an  obligation  to
currently register such securities for the account of Gridline Shareholders.

                (iv)    The  Gridline  Shareholders  acknowledge  that they have
been  afforded  access to all  material  information  which they have  requested
relevant to their  decision to acquire the shares of NSC Common Stock and to ask
questions of NSC's management and that, except as set forth herein,  neither NSC
nor anyone acting on behalf of NSC has made any representations or warranties to
the Gridline  Shareholders  which have induced,  persuaded,  or  stimulated  the
Gridline Shareholders to acquire such shares of NSC Common Stock.

                (v)     Either  alone,   or  together   with  their   investment
advisor(s),  the Gridline  Shareholders  have the  knowledge  and  experience in
financial and business  matters to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks
of the  prospective  investment  in the  shares  of NSC  Common  Stock,  and the
Gridline  Shareholders  are and  will be able to bear the  economic  risk of the
investment in such shares of NSC Common Stock.

                                      -25-
<PAGE>


                                   ARTICLE III

COVENANTS

        SECTION 3.01    COVENANTS OF NSC. NSC covenants  and agrees that,  after
the date  hereof  and  through  the  earlier  of the  Closing or the date of the
termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article IV hereof (the earlier of such
times, the "RELEASE TIME"),  unless Gridline will otherwise  approve in writing,
which approval will not be unreasonably withheld:

        (a)     Until the release time, except as otherwise  provided herein, no
amendment shall be made in the certificate of  incorporation  or by-laws (or, in
each case, the comparable  charter  documents,  if any, under applicable law, of
NSC).

        (b)     Until the Release Time, no share of capital stock of NSC, option
or warrant for any such share, right to subscribe to or purchase any such share,
or security  convertible  into, or  exchangeable  or  exercisable  for, any such
share,  shall be issued or sold by NSC, otherwise than as contemplated by, or in
connection with, this Agreement.

        (c)     Until the Release  Time,  no dividend  or  liquidating  or other
distribution or stock split shall be authorized,  declared, paid, or effected by
NSC in respect of the outstanding  shares of Gridline  Capital Stock.  Until the
Release Time, no direct or indirect redemption,  purchase,  or other acquisition
shall be made by NSC of shares of NSC Capital Stock.

        (d)     Until the Release  Time,  except in the  ordinary  course of its
business,  NSC shall not borrow money,  guarantee the borrowing of money, engage
in any  transaction,  or enter into any agreement  other than in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereby or in connection herewith.

        (e)     Until the Release Time, NSC will afford the officers, directors,
employees,   counsel,  agents,  investment  bankers,   accountants,   and  other
representatives  of Gridline and the Gridline  Shareholders free and full access
to the plants,  properties,  books,  and records of NSC. NSC will permit them to
make extracts  from and copies of such books and records,  and will from time to
time  furnish  Gridline  and the  Gridline  Shareholders  with  such  additional
financial  and  operating  data  and  other  information  as  to  the  financial
condition, results of operations,  businesses,  properties, assets, liabilities,
or future prospects of NSC as Gridline or the Gridline Shareholders from time to
time may  request.  Until the  Release  Time,  NSC will  cause  the  independent
certified  public  accountants  of  NSC  to  make  available  to  Gridline,  its
independent  certified public accountants,  and the Gridline  Shareholders,  the
work papers relating to the audits of NSC referred to in Section 2.01(c) of this
Agreement.

        (f)     Until the Release Time, NSC will conduct its affairs, so that on
the Closing Date, no  representation  or warranty of NSC will be inaccurate,  no
covenant  or  agreement  of NSC  will  be  breached,  and no  condition  in this
Agreement will remain  unfulfilled by reason of the actions or omissions of NSC.
Except as otherwise consented to by Gridline in writing, until the Release Time,
NSC will conduct its affairs in all respects only in the ordinary course.

        (g)     Until the Release Time, NSC will immediately  advise Gridline in
a detailed  written  notice of any material fact or occurrence or any pending or
threatened material occurrence of which

                                      -26-
<PAGE>


it  obtains  knowledge  and  which  (if  existing  and  known at the date of the
execution  of this  Agreement)  would  have  been  required  to be set  forth or
disclosed  in or pursuant to this  Agreement  or in the NSC  DISCLOSURE  LETTER,
which (if existing and known at any time prior to or at the Closing)  would make
the  performance  by  any  party  of a  covenant  contained  in  this  Agreement
impossible  or make  such  performance  materially  more  difficult  than in the
absence of such fact or occurrence,  or which (if existing and known at the time
of the Closing)  would cause a condition to any party's  obligations  under this
Agreement not to be fully satisfied.

        (h)     NSC shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to insure that
all  confidential  information  which  NSC or any  of its  officers,  directors,
employees,  counsel, agents,  investment bankers, or accountants may now possess
or may hereafter create or obtain relating to the financial  condition,  results
of operations,  businesses, properties, assets, liabilities, or future prospects
of Gridline,  any affiliate of Gridline, or any customer or supplier of Gridline
or any such affiliate shall not be published,  disclosed,  or made accessible by
any of them to any other person or entity  without the prior written  consent of
Gridline,  which written consent shall not be unreasonably  withheld;  provided,
however,  that the  restrictions  of this  sentence  shall  not apply (i) as may
otherwise  be  required  by law,  (ii) as may be  necessary  or  appropriate  in
connection with the  enforcement of this  Agreement,  or (iii) to the extent the
information shall have otherwise become publicly available. NSC shall, and shall
cause all other such persons and  entities to,  deliver to Gridline all tangible
evidence of the confidential  information relating to Gridline, any affiliate of
Gridline,  or (insofar as such  confidential  information was provided by, or on
behalf of, Gridline, or any such affiliate of Gridline) any customer or supplier
of any of them or any such affiliate to which the  restrictions of the foregoing
sentence apply immediately  after the termination of this Agreement  pursuant to
Article IV or V hereof.

        (i)     Before NSC releases any information concerning this Agreement or
any of the other  transactions  contemplated  hereby or in  connection  herewith
which is intended for or may result in public  dissemination  thereof, NSC shall
cooperate with Gridline,  shall furnish drafts of all documents or proposed oral
statements to Gridline for comment,  and shall not release any such  information
without the written consent of Gridline.  Nothing contained herein shall prevent
NSC from releasing any information if required to do so by law.

        (j)     NSC shall not make any agreement or reach any  understanding not
approved  in writing by  Gridline  as a condition  for  obtaining  any  consent,
authorization, approval, order, license, certificate, or permit required for the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

        (k)     NSC shall  promptly  prepare all required or, in the  reasonable
opinion of the parties  hereto,  appropriate  Periodic  Reports (as  hereinafter
defined)  and  other  regulatory  filings  relating  to this  Agreement  and the
transactions  contemplated  hereby and in  connection  herewith,  as well as all
Periodic  Reports which NSC is required to file,  but has not  heretofore  filed
(such deliquent Periodic Reports,  "DELIQUENT PERIODIC REPORTS"). NSC shall file
with the SEC all Deliquent  Periodic  Reports  within 15 days following the date
hereof.  NSC  shall  furnish  or cause to be  furnished,  for  inclusion  in the
Periodic Reports,  such information about NSC, and NSC's security holders as may
be required or as may be reasonably requested by Gridline, and shall continue to
furnish or cause to be furnished  such  information as is necessary to keep such
information correct and complete in all material respect until the Release Time.
NSC represents and warrants that the

                                      -27-
<PAGE>


information that it has furnished to date,  taken as a whole,  does not now, and
will not at any time prior to the Release Time, (i) contain an untrue  statement
of a material  fact or (ii) omit to state a material  fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not false or misleading. NSC
represents and warrants that all information  heretofore  filed thereby with the
SEC does not now,  and will not at any time prior to the Release  Time,  and the
Deliquent  Periodic  Reports  will not,  when filed with the SEC and at any time
prior to the Release Time,  (iii) contain an untrue statement of a material fact
or (iv) omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the  statements  therein  not false or  misleading.  NSC shall  take any
action  required  to be taken  by it  under  state  "blue-sky,"  securities,  or
take-over  laws in connection  with the issuance of NSC Common Stock pursuant to
the transactions  contemplated  hereby and in connection  herewith.  The filings
made by NSC  within  the past six years  with the SEC were,  if filed  under the
Exchange Act, prepared in accordance with the then existing  requirements of the
Exchange Act and the rules and  regulations  thereunder  and, if filed under the
Securities Act,  prepared in accordance  with the then existing  requirements of
the Securities Act and the rules and regulations  thereunder.  Such filings when
filed,  and the  press  releases  and  other  public  statements  NSC  has  made
subsequent to the last such filing when  considered  together with such filings,
did not at the time of filing or issuance of the press  releases or other public
statements,  as the case may be,  and (with  respect to the press  releases  and
other public statements,  when considered together with such filings) do not now
(i)  contain  an untrue  statement  of a  material  fact or (ii) omit to state a
material fact required to be stated  therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not false or misleading.

        (l)     Prior   to   the   Release   Time,    shall   not   affect   any
recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, or stock dividend of the NSC
Common Stock or any other security of NSC, otherwise than as contemplated by, or
in connection with, this Agreement.

                (a)     NSC shall  timely  prepare and file any  declaration  or
filing  necessary to comply with any transfer tax statutes that require any such
filing before the Closing.

                (b)     Until the  Release  Time,  NSC shall not,  and shall not
authorize or permit any officer, director,  employee, counsel, agent, investment
banker,  accountant,  or other representative of NSC, directly or indirectly, to
contemplate  or enter  into  any  transaction  the  effect  of  which  may be to
prohibit,  restrict, or delay the consummation of the transactions  contemplated
by this Agreement or impair the contemplated benefits to Gridline's stockholders
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.


                (c)     (i)     Following the  consummation of the  transactions
contemplated  hereby and in  connection  herewith,  NSC will cause  Gridline  to
continue its historic  business or to use a  significant  portion of  Gridline's
historic  business  assets in a  business,  in each case  within the  meaning of
section 1.368-1(d) of the Treasury Regulations, assuming that the assets of, and
the business  conducted by, Gridline at the Closing Date  constitute  Gridline's
historic business assets and historic business, respectively.

                        (ii)    Following the  consummation of the  transactions
contemplated hereby and in connection herewith,  NSC will not permit Gridline to
issue  additional  shares  that would  result in NSC losing  control of Gridline
within the meaning of section 368(c) of the Code.

                                      -28-
<PAGE>


        (d)     If required,  NSC shall use COMMERCIALLY  REASONABLE  efforts to
file  with  the  National  Association  of  Securities  Dealers,  Inc.,  or  its
affiliates, all information required by Rule 15c2-11 under the Exchange Act.

        (n)     NSC shall effect the Reincorporation prior to the Closing.

        (o)     Effective  immediately following the Closing, each member of the
Board of Directors  and each  officer of NSC shall tender his or her  respective
resignation  therefrom  and shall appoint up to five  individuals  designated by
Gridline as the sole directors of NSC.

        (p)     On or prior to the Closing  Date,  NSC shall deliver to Gridline
and the Gridline  Shareholders  the completed an updated NSC DISCLOSURE  LETTER,
dated as of the Closing Date,  which letter shall be correct and complete in all
material respects.

        SECTION 3.02    COVENANTS OF  GRIDLINE.  Gridline  covenants  and agrees
that,  after the date  hereof and  through  the  Release  Time,  unless NSC will
otherwise approve in writing, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld:

        (a)     Until  the  Release  Time,  no  amendment  will  be  made in the
certificate  of  incorporation  or by-laws  (or,  in each case,  the  comparable
charter  documents,  if any, under applicable law) of Gridline,  except for such
amendment to the certificate of  incorporation of Gridline as may be required to
allow NSC to change its to "Gridline  Communications  Corp." in connection  with
the Reorganization.

        (b)     Until the  Release  Time,  no share of Gridline  Capital  Stock,
option or warrant for any such share, right to subscribe to or purchase any such
share, or security  convertible  into, or  exchangeable or exercisable  for, any
such share, shall be issued or sold by Gridline,  otherwise than as contemplated
by, or in  connection  with,  this  Agreement.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,
Gridline shall be entitled to grant the incentive stock options and nonqualified
stock options to employees, consultants, and non-employee directors set forth in
SCHEDULE  3.02(b),  and Gridline shall be authorized to issue and deliver its 8%
Convertible  Notes Due September  10, 2004,  as required from time to time,  for
working capital and general corporate purposes.

        (c)     Until the Release  Time,  no dividend  or  liquidating  or other
distribution or stock split shall be authorized,  declared, paid, or effected by
Gridline in respect of the outstanding  shares of Gridline Capital Stock.  Until
the  Release  Time,  no  direct  or  indirect  redemption,  purchase,  or  other
acquisition shall be made by Gridline of shares of Gridline Capital Stock.

        (d)     Until the Release  Time,  except in the  ordinary  course of its
business,  Gridline  shall not borrow  money,  guarantee the borrowing of money,
engage in any  transaction,  or enter into any material  agreement other than in
connection with the transactions  contemplated  hereby or in connection herewith
or otherwise  pursuant to any  currently  outstanding  credit line of Gridline);
provided  that  Gridline  shall  be  authorized  to  issue  and  deliver  its 8%
Convertible  Notes Due September  10, 2004,  as required from time to time,  for
working capital and general corporate purposes.  For purposes of this Agreement,
references  to  "MATERIAL",  as well as  correlative  terms  (E.G.,  MATERIALLY,
MATERIALITY,  etc.), shall be deemed to refer to amounts of US$50,000 or more or
effects or consequences of US$50,000 or more.

                                      -29-
<PAGE>


        (e)     Until the  Release  Time,  Gridline  will  afford the  officers,
directors,  employees,  counsel, agents,  investment bankers,  accountants,  and
other representatives of NSC and lenders, investors, and prospective lenders and
investors free and full access to the plants, properties,  books, and records of
Gridline,  will permit them to make  extracts  from and copies of such books and
records,  and will from time to time furnish NSC with such additional  financial
and operating data and other information as to the financial condition,  results
of operations,  businesses, properties, assets, liabilities, or future prospects
of  Gridline  as NSC from  time to time may  request.  Until the  Release  Time,
Gridline will cause the independent  certified public accountants of Gridline to
make available to NSC and its independent  certified public accountants the work
papers relating to the audits of Gridline referred to in Section 2.02(c) of this
Agreement.

        (f)     Until the Release  Time,  Gridline  will  conduct its affairs so
that  at the  Closing,  no  representation  or  warranty  of  Gridline  will  be
inaccurate in any material respect, no covenant or agreement of Gridline will be
breached,  and no condition in this Agreement will remain  unfulfilled by reason
of the actions or omissions of Gridline. Except as otherwise consented to by NSC
in  writing,  until  the  Release  Time,  Gridline  will  use  its  commercially
reasonable  efforts to preserve the business  operations of Gridline intact,  to
keep available the services of its present personnel,  to preserve in full force
and  effect  the   contracts,   agreements,   instruments,   leases,   licenses,
arrangements,  and understandings of Gridline,  and to preserve the good will of
its suppliers, customers, and others having business relations with any of them.
Until the Release  Time,  Gridline will conduct its affairs in all respects only
in the ordinary  course,  other than in connection  with the matters  referenced
herein.

        (g)     Until the Release Time,  Gridline will immediately advise NSC in
a detailed  written  notice of any material fact or occurrence or any pending or
threatened  material  occurrence  of which it  obtains  knowledge  and which (if
existing and known at the date of the  execution of this  Agreement)  would have
been  required to be set forth or disclosed in or pursuant to this  Agreement or
the GRIDLINE  DISCLOSURE LETTER,  which (if existing and known at any time prior
to or at the  Closing)  would  make the  performance  by any party of a covenant
contained in this Agreement impossible or make such performance  materially more
difficult than in the absence of such fact or occurrence,  or which (if existing
and known at the time of the  Closing)  would cause a  condition  to any party's
obligations under this Agreement not to be fully satisfied.

        (h)     Gridline shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to insure
that  all  confidential  information  which  Gridline  or any of its  respective
officers,   directors,   employees,  counsel,  agents,  investment  bankers,  or
accountants  may now possess or may hereafter  create or obtain  relating to the
financial  condition,  results of operations,  businesses,  properties,  assets,
liabilities,  or future prospects of NSC, any affiliate thereof, or any customer
or supplier thereof or of any such affiliate shall not be published,  disclosed,
or made  accessible  by any of them to any other person or entity at any time or
used by any of them  except  in the  ordinary  course  of  business  and for the
benefit of Gridline;  provided,  however, that the restrictions of this sentence
shall not apply (A) after this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Article IV or
V hereof or  otherwise,  (B) as may  otherwise be required by law, (C) as may be
necessary or appropriate in connection  with the  enforcement of this Agreement,
or (D) to the  extent  the  information  shall have  otherwise  become  publicly
available.

                                      -30-
<PAGE>


        (i)     Before  Gridline   releases  any  information   concerning  this
Agreement or any of the  transactions  contemplated  by this Agreement  which is
intended for, or may result in, public  dissemination  thereof,  Gridline  shall
cooperate  with NSC,  shall  furnish  drafts of all  documents or proposed  oral
statements  to NSC for  comment,  and shall  not  release  any such  information
without the written  consent of NSC,  which  consent  shall not be  unreasonably
withheld.  Nothing  contained  herein shall prevent  Gridline from releasing any
information if required to do so by law.

        (j)     Gridline shall not make any agreement or reach any understanding
not  approved  in writing  by NSC as a  condition  for  obtaining  any  consent,
authorization, approval, order, license, certificate, or permit required for the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

        (k)     Gridline shall furnish, or cause to be furnished,  for inclusion
in the periodic and other reports of NSC on Forms 8-K, 10-QSB, 10-KSB, 14A, 14C,
14F-1,  or  otherwise  (such  periodic  and  other  reports,  together  with all
financial statements, exhibits, amendments, and supplements thereto, in the form
filed  by NSC  with  the SEC  being  hereinafter  referred  to as the  "PERIODIC
REPORTS"),  to be filed  pursuant to the  Exchange  Act in  connection  with the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement,  or for inclusion in NSC's filings
under state  "blue-sky,"  securities,  or take-over laws, such information about
Gridline or the Gridline Shareholders as may be required or as may be reasonably
requested  by NSC, and shall  continue to furnish or cause to be furnished  such
information as is necessary to keep such information correct and complete in all
material respect until the Release Time.  Gridline  represents and warrants that
the information that it has furnished to date,  taken as a whole,  does not now,
and will not at any time  prior to the  Release  Time,  (i)  contain  an  untrue
statement of a material  fact or (ii) omit to state a material  fact required to
be stated  therein or  necessary  to make the  statements  therein  not false or
misleading.

        (l)     Gridline shall timely prepare and file any declaration or filing
necessary to comply with any transfer tax statutes  that require any such filing
before the Closing.

        (m)     On or prior  to the  Closing  Date,  Gridline  and the  Gridline
Shareholders shall deliver to NSC Shareholders the completed an updated GRIDLINE
DISCLOSURE  LETTER,  dated as of the Closing Date, which letter shall be correct
and complete in all material respects.

        SECTION 3.03    COVENANTS  OF THE  GRIDLINE  SHAREHOLDERS.  The Gridline
Shareholders  covenant  and agree  that,  after the date  hereof and through the
Release Time, unless NSC will otherwise approve in writing,  which approval will
not be unreasonably withheld, as follows:

        (a)     The  Gridline  Shareholders  will  use  commercially  reasonable
efforts to cause Gridline to perform each covenant thereof set forth herein on a
timely basis.

        (b)     Until the earlier of the Release Time, the Gridline Shareholders
shall take no action the result of which shall be to cause  Gridline to make any
amendment in the certificate of  incorporation or by-laws (or, in each case, the
comparable charter documents, if any, under applicable law) thereof.

        (c)     Before  the  Gridline   Shareholders   release  any  information
concerning  this  Agreement  or any of the  transactions  contemplated  by  this
Agreement which is intended for, or may result in, public dissemination thereof,
the Gridline  Shareholders shall cooperate with NSC,

                                      -31-
<PAGE>


shall furnish  drafts of all  documents or proposed  oral  statements to NSC for
comment,  and shall not release any such information without the written consent
of NSC,  which consent shall not be  unreasonably  withheld.  Nothing  contained
herein shall prevent the Gridline Shareholders from releasing any information if
required to do so by law.

        (d)     The  Gridline   Shareholders  shall  furnish,  or  cause  to  be
furnished,  for  inclusion in the Periodic  Reports to be filed  pursuant to the
Exchange Act in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
or for  inclusion  in NSC's  filings  under  state  "blue-sky,"  securities,  or
take-over laws, such information about Gridline or the Gridline  Shareholders as
may be required or as may be reasonably  requested by NSC, and shall continue to
furnish or cause to be furnished  such  information as is necessary to keep such
information correct and complete in all material respect until the Release Time.


                                   ARTICLE IV

                     CONDITIONS; ABANDONMENT AND TERMINATION

        SECTION 4.01    RIGHT OF NSC TO ABANDON.  NSC's Board of Directors shall
have the right to abandon or terminate  this  Agreement if any of the  following
conditions shall not be true or shall not have occurred,  as the case may be, as
of the specified date or dates:

        (a)     All  representations and warranties of Gridline and the Gridline
Shareholders  contained in this  Agreement  shall be accurate  when made and, in
addition,   shall  be  accurate   as  of  the   Closing   Date  as  though  such
representations  and  warranties  were then made in exactly the same language by
Gridline  or  the  Gridline  Shareholders,  as  applicable,  and  regardless  of
knowledge or lack  thereof on the part of Gridline or the Gridline  Shareholders
(as applicable) or changes beyond its control;  as of the Closing Date, Gridline
and the  Gridline  Shareholders  shall  have  performed  and  complied  with all
covenants and agreements  and satisfied all conditions  required to be performed
and complied  with by it at or before the Closing  Date,  respectively,  by this
Agreement;  and NSC shall have  received  a  certificate  executed  by the chief
executive  officer and the chief financial  officer of Gridline and the Gridline
Shareholders, dated the Closing Date, to that effect.

        (b)     NSC  shall  have  received  at  the  Closing  Date  certificates
executed  by the chief  executive  officer  and the chief  financial  officer of
Gridline and by the Gridline  Shareholders  as of such dates, to the effect that
they have  carefully  examined the Periodic  Reports,  including the  Delinquent
Periodic Reports,  and any amendment or supplement thereto,  and, to the best of
their  knowledge,  (i) neither the Periodic  Reports,  the  Delinquent  Periodic
Reports,  nor any  amendment  or  supplement  thereto  (A)  contains  an  untrue
statement of a material  fact or (B) omits to state a material  fact required to
be stated  therein or  necessary  to make the  statements  therein  not false or
misleading, provided in each case that such untrue statement or omission relates
to information  furnished by or on behalf of, or pertaining to,  Gridline or the
Gridline  security holder,  (ii) since the date hereof, no event with respect to
Gridline or the Gridline security holder has occurred which should have been set
forth in an amendment to any Periodic Report or any Deliquent  Periodic  Report,
or a supplement to any Periodic  Report or Delinquent  Periodic Report which has
not been set forth in such an amendment or  supplement,  and (iii) any contract,
agreement, instrument, lease, or license regarding Gridline required to be filed
as an exhibit to any Periodic Report or any

                                      -32-
<PAGE>


Deliqunet  Periodic  Report  has been filed with the SEC as an exhibit to or has
been incorporated as an exhibit by reference into such Periodic Report.

        (c)     Gridline and the Gridline  Shareholders  shall have delivered to
NSC at or prior to the Closing Date such other documents (including certificates
of officers of Gridline) as NSC may reasonably request in order to enable NSC to
determine  whether the conditions to their obligations under this Agreement have
been met and otherwise to carry out the provisions of this Agreement.

        (d)     All actions, proceedings, instruments, and documents required by
Gridline and the Gridline Shareholders to carry out this Agreement or incidental
thereto and all other related  legal matters shall be subject to the  reasonable
approval of counsel to NSC, and Gridline  and the  Gridline  Shareholders  shall
have furnished  such counsel such documents as such counsel may have  reasonably
requested for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon such matters.

        (e)     At the Closing,  there shall not be pending any legal proceeding
relating to, or seeking to prohibit or otherwise  challenge the consummation of,
the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement,  or to  obtain  substantial
damages with respect thereto.

        (f)     There shall not have been any action  taken,  or any law,  rule,
regulation, order, judgment, or decree proposed, promulgated,  enacted, entered,
enforced,  or  deemed  applicable  to  the  transactions  contemplated  by  this
Agreement by any federal,  state,  local, or other governmental  authority or by
any court or other  tribunal,  including the entry of a preliminary or permanent
injunction,  which, in the reasonable  judgment of NSC, (i) makes this Agreement
or any of the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement illegal, (ii) results
in a delay in the  ability of  Gridline or NSC to  consummate  the  transactions
contemplated  by this  Agreement  beyond  January 31, 2005,  (iii)  requires the
divestiture  by NSC of a material  portion of the  business  of either NSC or of
Gridline, (iv) imposes material limitations on the ability of NSC effectively to
exercise  full rights of ownership of shares of Gridline  including the right to
vote such shares on all matters properly presented to the Gridline Shareholders,
or  (v)  otherwise   prohibits,   restricts,   or  delays  consummation  of  the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or impairs the contemplated benefits
to NSC of this Agreement or any of the other  transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement.

        (g)     The parties to this Agreement shall have obtained at or prior to
the Closing Date all required  unconditional written approvals to this Agreement
and to the  execution,  delivery,  and  performance of this Agreement by each of
them of  relevant  governmental  authorities  having  jurisdiction  over  NSC or
Gridline or the subject matter of this Agreement.

        (h)     The parties to this Agreement shall have obtained at or prior to
the Closing Date all consents  required for the consummation of the transactions
contemplated  by this Agreement from any unrelated  third party to any contract,
agreement,  instrument,  lease, license,  arrangement, or understanding to which
any of them is a  party,  or to  which  any of them or any of  their  respective
businesses, properties, or assets are subject.

                                      -33-
<PAGE>


        (i)     There  shall not have been any  material  adverse  change in the
condition (financial or otherwise),  operations,  business, assets, liabilities,
earnings or prospects of Gridline since the date hereof.

        (j)     NSC shall  conduct a due  diligence  review of Gridline  and the
Gridline Shareholders,  including,  without limitation, a review of the GRIDLINE
DISCLOSURE  LETTER and the documents  referenced  therein delivered prior to the
Closing Date, and shall be reasonably satisfied with the result of such review.

        (k)     Gridline  shall enter into an  agreement,  substantially  in the
form of EXHIBIT  4.01(k),  with Gerard Werner  pursuant to which such individual
shall agree to assist NSC in the  preparation  of financial  statements  and tax
returns of NSC during the period  commencing on the Closing Date and terminating
on the date six months thereafter.

        SECTION 4.02    RIGHT  OF  GRIDLINE  AND THE  GRIDLINE  SHAREHOLDERS  TO
ABANDON. By the election of the Gridline Shareholders, the Gridline Shareholders
or, otherwise,  Gridline's Board of Directors shall have the right to abandon or
terminate this Agreement if any of the following conditions shall not be true or
shall not have occurred, as the case may be, as of the specified date or dates:

        (a)     All  representations  and  warranties  of NSC  contained in this
Agreement shall be accurate when made and, in addition,  shall be accurate as of
the Closing Date as though such representations and warranties were then made in
exactly the same language by NSC and  regardless of knowledge or lack thereof on
the part of NSC or changes beyond its control; as of the Closing Date, NSC shall
have  performed and complied with all covenants and agreements and satisfied all
conditions  required to be performed  and complied with by them at or before the
Closing Date by this  Agreement;  and Gridline shall have received  certificates
executed by the chief executive  officer and the chief financial officer of NSC,
dated the Closing Date, to that effect.

        (b)     Gridline  shall  have  received  at  the  Closing,  certificates
executed by the chief executive  officer and the chief financial officer of NSC,
dated as of such dates,  to the effect  that they have  carefully  examined  the
Periodic  Reports and the  Delinquent  Periodic  Reports,  and any  amendment or
supplement  thereto,  and,  to the  best of their  knowledge,  (i)  neither  any
Periodic  Report  or any  Delinquent  Periodic  Report,  nor  any  amendment  or
supplement  thereto (A) contains an untrue  statement of a material  fact or (B)
omits to state a material  fact  required to be stated  therein or  necessary to
make the statements therein not false or misleading,  provided in each case that
such untrue  statement  or omission  relates to  information  furnished by or on
behalf of, or pertaining to, NSC or any NSC security holder, (ii) since the date
of the filing of any Periodic  Report or Delinquent  Periodic  Report,  no event
with  respect to NSC or any NSC security  holder has occurred  which should have
been set  forth in an  amendment  or a  supplement  to such  Periodic  Report or
Delinquent  Periodic Report which has not been set forth in such an amendment or
supplement,  and (iii) any contract,  agreement,  instrument,  lease, or license
regarding  NSC required to be filed as an exhibit to any Periodic  Report or any
Delinquent  Periodic  Report  has  been  filed  as an  exhibit  to or  has  been
incorporated  as an exhibit by reference into such Periodic Report or Delinquent
Periodic Report.

                                      -34-
<PAGE>


        (c)     NSC  shall  have   delivered   to  Gridline   and  the  Gridline
Shareholders  at or  prior  to  the  Closing  such  other  documents  (including
certificates of officers of NSC) as Gridline and the Gridline  Shareholders  may
reasonably request in order to enable Gridline and the Gridline  Shareholders to
determine  whether the conditions to NSC's obligations under this Agreement have
been met and otherwise to carry out the provisions of this Agreement.

        (d)     All actions, proceedings, instruments, and documents required by
NSC to carry out this  Agreement  or  incidental  thereto and all other  related
legal matters shall be subject to the reasonable approval of counsel to Gridline
and the  Gridline  Shareholders,  and NSC  shall  have  furnished  thereto  such
documents  as such  counsel  may have  reasonably  requested  for the purpose of
enabling them to pass upon such matters.

        (e)     At the  Closing  Date,  there  shall  not be  pending  any legal
proceeding  relating  to, or seeking to  prohibit  or  otherwise  challenge  the
consummation of, the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement,  or to obtain
substantial damages with respect thereto.

        (f)     There shall not have been any action  taken,  or any law,  rule,
regulation, order, judgment, or decree proposed, promulgated,  enacted, entered,
enforced,  or  deemed  applicable  to  the  transactions  contemplated  by  this
Agreement by any federal,  state,  local, or other governmental  authority or by
any court or other  tribunal,  including the entry of a preliminary or permanent
injunction,  which,  in the  reasonable  judgment  of  Gridline,  (i) makes this
Agreement or any of the  transactions  contemplated  by this Agreement  illegal,
(ii)  results in a delay in the  ability of Gridline  or NSC to  consummate  the
transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement  beyond  January 31, 2005,  (iii)
requires the  divestiture  by Gridline of a material  portion of the business of
either NSC or of Gridline,  (iv) imposes material  limitations on the ability of
NSC  effectively  to  exercise  full rights of  ownership  of shares of Gridline
including the right to vote such shares on all matters properly presented to the
Gridline  Shareholders,  or  (v)  otherwise  prohibits,   restricts,  or  delays
consummation of the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement or impairs the
contemplated  benefits  to  Gridline  and  the  Gridline  Shareholders  of  this
Agreement or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

        (g)     The parties to this Agreement shall have obtained at or prior to
the Closing Date all unconditional  required written approvals to this Agreement
and to the  execution,  delivery,  and  performance of this Agreement by each of
them of  relevant  governmental  authorities  having  jurisdiction  over  NSC or
Gridline or the subject matter of this Agreement.

        (h)     At or  prior  to the  Closing  Date,  NSC  shall  have  made all
filings,  and  taken  all  actions,  necessary  to  comply  with  all  reporting
requirements   under  federal  and  state  securities  laws  (including  without
limitation, applicable "blue-sky" laws with regard to the issuance of NSC Common
Stock as contemplated  by this Agreement)  other than the filing of Form D up to
15 days following the Closing. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
any prescribed periods within which a "blue sky" or securities law administrator
may  disallow  NSC's  notice of  reliance  on an  exemption  from  such  state's
requirements, shall have elapsed at or prior to the Closing Date.

        (i)     The parties to this Agreement shall have obtained at or prior to
the Closing Date all consents  required for the consummation of the transactions
contemplated  by this Agreement from any unrelated  third party to any contract,
agreement, instrument, lease, license,

                                      -35-
<PAGE>


arrangement,  or  understanding to which any of them is a party, or to which any
of them  or any of  their  respective  businesses,  properties,  or  assets  are
subject.

        (j)     Gridline  and the  Gridline  Shareholders  shall  conduct  a due
diligence  review of NSC,  including,  without  limitation,  a review of the NSC
Disclosure  Letter and the documents  referenced  therein delivered prior to the
Closing  Date,  and same  shall be  satisfactory  in the  reasonable  opinion of
Gridline and the Gridline Shareholders.

        (k)     At  the  Closing   Date,   NSC  shall  have  no  assets  and  no
liabilities,   determined  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting
principles in effect in the United  States  applied on a basis  consistent  with
that of the financial statements of NSC hereinabove referenced.

        (l)     At or prior to the Closing Date,  the officers,  directors,  and
holders of 5% or more of the outstanding NSC Common Stock  immediately  prior to
such date shall have  executed and  delivered to Gridline an agreement  mutually
acceptable  in form and  substance to each of such person or entity,  on the one
hand, and Gridline,  on the other hand, providing for restrictions on resale and
a "leak-out" of securities following the Closing Date.

        SECTION 4.03    OPTIONAL  ABANDONMENT.  In addition to the provisions of
Section  4.01 and Section  4.02 above,  the  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement   may  be   abandoned   or   terminated   at  or  before  the  Closing
notwithstanding  adoption and approval of this  Agreement  and the  transactions
contemplated hereby by the stockholders of the parties hereto:

        (a)     by  mutual  agreement  of the  Boards  of  Directors  of NSC and
Gridline;

        (b)     at the option of NSC's Board of Directors or Gridline's Board of
Directors,  if the Closing Date shall not have occurred on or before January 31,
2005;

        (c)     at the option of NSC's Board of Directors,  if facts exist which
render  impossible  compliance  with one or more of the  conditions set forth in
Section 4.01 and such are not waived by NSC; and

        (d)     at  the  option  of  Gridline's  Board  of  Directors  or by the
election of the Gridline  Shareholders  if facts exist which  render  impossible
compliance with one or more of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 and such
are not waived by Gridline.

        SECTION 4.04    EFFECT OF ABANDONMENT.  If the transactions contemplated
by this  Agreement  are  abandoned or terminated as provided for in this Article
IV,  except for  Sections  3.01(h),  3.02(h),  and 4.03,  this  Agreement  shall
forthwith become wholly void and of no further force or effect without liability
on the part of either  party to this  Agreement  or on the part of any  officer,
director,  controlling person (if any), employee, counsel, agent, or stockholder
thereof; provided,  however, that nothing in this Section 4.04 shall release NSC
or Gridline or any officer,  director,  controlling  person (if any),  employee,
counsel,  agent, or stockholder  thereof from liability for a willful failure to
carry out its respective obligations under this Agreement.

                                      -36-
<PAGE>


                                    ARTICLE V

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

        SECTION 5.01    EXPENSES.  Whether or not the transactions  contemplated
in this Agreement are consummated, all costs and expenses incurred in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions  contemplated  hereby,  will be paid by
the party incurring such expense or as otherwise agreed to herein.

        SECTION 5.02    BROKERS  AND  FINDERS.   Each  of  the  parties   hereto
represents,  as to itself, that no agent,  broker,  investment banker or firm or
person is or will be  entitled  to any  broker's  or  finder's  fee or any other
commission  or  similar  fee  in  connection   with  any  of  the   transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

        SECTION 5.03    NECESSARY  ACTIONS.  Subject to the terms and conditions
herein provided, each of the parties hereto agrees to use all reasonable efforts
to take,  or cause to be taken,  all action and to do, or cause to be done,  all
things  necessary,  proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations to
consummate and make effective the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement.
In the event at any time after the Closing,  any further  action is necessary or
desirable  to carry out the  purposes of this  Agreement,  the proper  executive
officers  and/or  directors  of NSC or  Gridline,  as the  case  may be,  or the
relevant  Gridline  Shareholders  or  Gridline  Shareholders  will take all such
necessary action.

        SECTION 5.04    EXTENSION  OF TIME;  WAIVERS.  At any time  prior to the
Closing Date:

        (a)     NSC may (i)  extend the time for the  performance  of any of the
obligations or other acts of Gridline or any Gridline  Shareholders  or Gridline
Shareholders,  (ii) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties
of Gridline or any Gridline Shareholders or Gridline Shareholders,  or contained
herein or in any document  delivered pursuant hereto by Gridline or any Gridline
Shareholders or Gridline  Shareholders,  and (iii) waive  compliance with any of
the agreements or conditions contained herein to be performed by Gridline or any
Gridline Shareholders or Gridline Shareholders. Any agreement on the part of NSC
to any  such  extension  or  waiver  will  be  valid  only  if set  forth  in an
instrument, in writing, signed on behalf of NSC.

        (b)     Gridline  and  the  Gridline  Shareholders  (by  action  of  the
Gridline  Shareholders),  may (i) extend the time for the  performance of any of
the  obligations  or other  acts of NSC,  (ii)  waive  any  inaccuracies  in the
representations  and  warranties  of NSC  contained  herein  or in any  document
delivered  pursuant  hereto by NSC and (iii)  waive  compliance  with any of the
agreements or conditions  contained herein to be performed by NSC. Any agreement
on the part of Gridline  and to any such  extension or waiver will be valid only
if set forth in an instrument, in writing, signed on behalf of Gridline.

        SECTION 5.05    NOTICES.  Any notice or other communication  required or
permitted  to be given  hereunder  shall be in  writing  and  shall be mailed by
certified mail, return receipt requested or by the most nearly comparable method
if mailed  from or to a  location  outside  of the  United  States or by Federal
Express,  Express  Mail,  or similar  overnight  delivery or courier  service or

                                      -37-
<PAGE>


delivered  (in  person or by  telecopy,  telex,  or  similar  telecommunications
equipment)  against  receipt  to the  party  to  which  it is to be given at the
address of such party set forth in the introductory  paragraph to this Agreement
(or to such  other  address  as the party  shall  have  furnished  in writing in
accordance  with the provisions of this Section  5.05).  Any notice to NSC or to
Gridline shall be addressed to the attention of the Corporate Secretary.  A copy
of any  and all  notices  to  Gridline  or any  Gridline  Shareholder  shall  be
delivered  in  accordance  with this  section to Thompson & Knight LLP, 333 Clay
Street, Suite 3300, Houston, Texas 77002-4499 Attention:  Robert J. Viguet, Jr.,
and Reitler  Brown & Rosenblatt  LLC,  800 Third  Avenue,  21st Floor,  New York
10022,  Attention:  Robert Steven Brown, Esq. Any notice or other  communication
given by certified mail (or by such comparable  method) shall be deemed given at
the time of  certification  thereof  (or  comparable  act),  except for a notice
changing a party's  address  which  will be deemed  given at the time of receipt
thereof. Any notice given by other means permitted by this Section 5.05 shall be
deemed given at the time of receipt thereof.

        SECTION 5.06    PARTIES IN INTEREST.  This  Agreement  will inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and the respective  successors
and assigns.  Nothing in this  Agreement is intended to confer,  expressly or by
implication,  upon any other person any rights or remedies under or by reason of
this Agreement.

        SECTION 5.07    COUNTERPART.  This  Agreement  may be executed in one or
more  counterparts,  each of which will be deemed an original  and all  together
will  constitute  one  document.  The  delivery  by  facsimile  of  an  executed
counterpart of this Agreement will be deemed to be an original and will have the
full force and effect of an original executed copy.

        SECTION 5.08    SEVERABILITY.  The  provisions of this Agreement will be
deemed severable and the invalidity or  unenforceability of any provision hereof
will not affect the validity or  enforceability  of any of the other  provisions
hereof. If any provisions of this Agreement,  or the application  thereof to any
person or any circumstance, is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) a suitable
and equitable  provision will be substituted  therefor in order to carry out, so
far as may be valid and  enforceable,  the intent and purpose of such invalid or
unenforceable  provision,  and  (b) the  remainder  of  this  Agreement  and the
application  of such  provision to other  persons or  circumstances  will not be
affected by such  invalidity or  unenforceability,  nor will such  invalidity or
unenforceability affect the validity or enforceability of such provision, or the
application thereof, in any other jurisdiction.

        SECTION 5.09    HEADINGS.  The Article and Section headings are provided
herein for  convenience  of reference  only and do not constitute a part of this
Agreement  and  will not be  deemed  to limit  or  otherwise  affect  any of the
provisions hereof.

        SECTION 5.10    GOVERNING LAW.

        (a)     This  Agreement will be deemed to be made in and in all respects
will be interpreted, construed and governed by and in accordance with the law of
the State of Texas, without regard to the conflict of law principles thereof.

                                      -38-
<PAGE>


        (b)     EACH  OF THE  PARTIES  HEREBY  IRREVOCABLY  AND  UNCONDITIONALLY
SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS AND OF
THE  FEDERAL  COURTS  SITTING  IN THE  STATE  OF NEW  YORK  IN  ALL  ACTIONS  OR
PROCEEDINGS  ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS  AGREEMENT.  EACH OF THE PARTIES
AGREES  THAT ALL  ACTIONS OR  PROCEEDINGS  ARISING  OUT OF OR  RELATING  TO THIS
AGREEMENT  MUST BE  LITIGATED  EXCLUSIVELY  IN ANY SUCH  STATE OR, TO THE EXTENT
PERMITTED  BY LAW,  FEDERAL  COURT THAT SITS IN THE  COUNTY OF HARRIS,  STATE OF
TEXAS, AND ACCORDINGLY, EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY
NOW OR  HEREAFTER  HAVE  TO THE  LAYING  OF THE  VENUE  OF ANY  SUCH  ACTION  OR
PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. EACH PARTY FURTHER IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE
OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER  PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 5.05.  NOTHING IN THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER  TRANSACTION  DOCUMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY
TO THIS AGREEMENT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW.

        (c)     EACH  PARTY  WAIVES  ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN
ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS  CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON
CONTRACT,  TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY).  EACH OF THE PARTIES (1) CERTIFIES THAT NO
REPRESENTATIVE,  AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY
OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION,  SEEK
TO  ENFORCE  THE  FOREGOING  WAIVER AND (2)  ACKNOWLEDGES  THAT IT AND THE OTHER
PARTIES  HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS  AGREEMENT  BY, AMONG OTHER
THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 5.10(c).

        SECTION 5.11    SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS  AND WARRANTIES.  All terms,
conditions, representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement or in any
instrument,  certificate,  opinion,  or other writing  providing for in it, will
survive  the Closing  and the  delivery of the shares of NSC Common  Stock to be
issued  hereunder  at the  Closing  for a  period  of one  year  after  Closing,
regardless  of any  investigation  made by or on  behalf  of any of the  parties
hereto.

        SECTION 5.12    ASSIGNABILITY.  This Agreement will not be assignable by
operation of law or otherwise and any attempted  assignment of this Agreement in
violation of this subsection will be void ab initio.

        SECTION 5.13    AMENDMENT.  This  Agreement  may  be  amended  with  the
approval of the Gridline Shareholders and the boards of directors of each of NSC
and  Gridline  at any  time.  This  Agreement  may not be  amended  except by an
instrument, in writing, signed on behalf of each of the parties hereto.

                     [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY BLANK]


                                      -39-
<PAGE>


        IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have executed and delivered this
Agreement  in a manner  legally  binding  upon them as of the date  first  above
written.



                                        NORTH SHORE CAPITAL IV, INC.


                                        BY     /s/ Gerard Werner
                                          -----------------------------------
                                            NAME:  GERARD WERNER
                                            TITLE: PRESIDENT

ATTEST:


   /s/ Gerard Werner
- -----------------------------------
NAME:  GERARD WERNER
TITLE: SECRETARY

                                        GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.


                                        BY        /s/ Blaize Kaduru
                                          -----------------------------------
                                             NAME:
                                             TITLE:

ATTEST:


   /s/ Blaize Kaduru
- -----------------------------------
NAME:  BLAIZE KADURU
TITLE: SECRETARY


                                        GRIDLINE SHAREHOLDERS:

                                        AVENTURA HOLDING, INC.


                                        BY      /s/ Jukka Tolonen
                                          -----------------------------------
                                             NAME:
                                             TITLE:


         SIGNATURE PAGE TO SHARE EXCHANGE AND REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT

<PAGE>


                                        B2NK INVESTMENTS LLC


                                        BY      /s/ W. Randal Miller
                                          -----------------------------------
                                             NAME:  W. RANDAL MILLER
                                             TITLE: MEMBER


                                                 /s/ Adam Berlew
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  ADAM BERLEW


                                                 /s/ George Boitano
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  GEORGE BOITANO


                                        BOTIMOR CAPITAL LLC


                                        BY      /s/ Robert Yashus
                                          -----------------------------------
                                             NAME:  ROBERT YASHUS
                                             TITLE: MANAGER


                                        ENERGY GENERATION CORP.


                                        BY      /s/ Phillip P. Gennarelli
                                          -----------------------------------
                                             NAME:  PHILLIP P. GENNARELLI
                                             TITLE: PRESIDENT



                                        GOLDSTEIN & FAUCETT


                                        BY      /s/ Edward Colostein
                                          -----------------------------------
                                             NAME:  EDWARD COLOSTEIN
                                             TITLE: PARTNER

                                                 /s/ Richard W. Hunt
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  RICHARD W. HUNT


         SIGNATURE PAGE TO SHARE EXCHANGE AND REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT

<PAGE>


                                               /s/ William R. Hunt
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  WILLIAM R. HUNT


                                               /s/ Sonja M. Hunt
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  SONJA M. HUNT


                                        iGate INCORPORATED


                                        BY      /s/ Vernon L. Jackson
                                        -------------------------------------
                                             NAME:  VERNON L. JACKSON
                                             TITLE: CHAIRMAN AND CEO


                                               /s/ Jamila E. Jefferson
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  JAMILA E. JEFFERSON


                                               /s/ Blaize N. Kaduru
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  BLAIZE N. KADURU


                                        SERENGETI GROUP LP

                                        BY BENELUX INVESTMENT HOLDINGS LTD.,
                                        ITS GENERAL PARTNER


                                        BY      /s/ Hywel Jones
                                        -------------------------------------
                                             NAME:  HYWEL JONES
                                             TITLE: DIRECTOR, BENELUX INVESTMENT
                                                    HOLDINGS LTD.


                                               /s/ Ray Marz
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  RAY MARZ


                                               /s/ Stanford Milnes
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  STANFORD MILNES


         SIGNATURE PAGE TO SHARE EXCHANGE AND REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT
<PAGE>


                                        NATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP


                                        BY     /s/ Richard W. Hunt
                                        -------------------------------------
                                             NAME:  RICHARD W. HUNT
                                             TITLE:  PRESIDENT


                                               /s/ Herbert Orji
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  HERBERT ORJI


                                               /s/ Richard Pattin
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  RICHARD PATTIN


                                               /s/ Matthew Prebeg
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  MATTHEW PREBEG


                                               /s/ Steven Smith
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  STEVEN SMITH


                                               /s/ B.K. Son
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  B.K. SON


                                               /s/ Eric Sunsvold
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  ERIC SUNSVOLD


                                               /s/ Jukka Tolonen
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  JUKKA TOLONEN


                                               /s/ Helena Wahala
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  HELENA WAHALA


         SIGNATURE PAGE TO SHARE EXCHANGE AND REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT
<PAGE>


                                               /s/ Duncan E. Wine
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  DUNCAN E. WINE
                                        HALOCOM LP

                                        BY LOGO SHIPPING LTD.,
                                           ITS GENERAL PARTNER


                                        BY     /s/ Hywel Jones
                                        -------------------------------------
                                             NAME:  HYWEL JONES
                                             TITLE: DIRECTOR, LOGO SHIPPING LTD.


                                               /s/ Mark Witt
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  MARK WITT


                                        WSS INVESTMENTS LLC


                                        BY      /s/ Michael Straus
                                        -------------------------------------
                                             NAME:  MICHAEL STRAUS
                                             TITLE: MEMBER


                                               /s/ Miguel Zarraga
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  MIGUEL ZARRAGA


                                               /s/ Pertti Luhanto
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        NAME:  PERTTI LUHANTO



                                        AVERCAP, OY


                                        BY      /s/ Pertti Luhanto
                                        -------------------------------------
                                             NAME:  PERTTI LUHANTO
                                             TITLE: PRESIDENT


         SIGNATURE PAGE TO SHARE EXCHANGE AND REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT
<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                            SCHEDULE A


DATE                 LAST NAME           FIRST NAME              AMOUNT          SHARES             COMMENTS
<C>            <C>                    <C>                        <C>             <C>          <C>

               Aventura Holding,
  7/1/2004     Inc.                                                100.00         1,000,000
07/01/2004     B2NK Investments LLC                                700.00         7,000,000
07/01/2004     Berlew                 Adam                          50.00           500,000
07/01/2004     Boitano                George                        50.00           500,000
07/01/2004     Botimor Capital LLC                                 500.00         5,000,000
               Energy Generation
10/08/2004     Corp.                                               100.00         1,000,000
07/01/2004     Faucett                Goldstein          & W.       50.00           500,000
10/04/2004     Hunt                   Richard                       10.00           100,000
                                      William R &
10/04/2004     Hunt                   Sonja M.                      10.00           100,000
07/01/2004     iGate Incorporated                                2,100.00        21,000,000
11/08/2004     Jefferson              Jamila Blaize      E.        100.00         1,000,000
07/01/2004     Kaduru                 NOMINEE                    2,100.00        21,000,000
07/01/2004     Marz                   Ray                           10.00           100,000
07/01/2004     Milnes                 Stanford                     250.00         2,500,000
10/28/2004     National Finacial Services Group                      2.50            25,000
07/01/2004     Orji                   Herbert                      100.00         1,000,000
07/01/2004     Pattin                 Richard                      110.00         1,100,000
07/01/2004     Prebeg                 Matthew                       50.00           500,000
07/01/2004     Smith                  Steven                        50.00           500,000
07/01/2005     Son                    B.                 K.         50.00           500,000
07/01/2004     Sunsvold               Eric                          20.00           200,000
                                                                                              Transferred 2,000,000
07/01/2004     Tolonen                Jukka                        400.00         2,000,000                12.03.04

                                                                                              Transferred 2,000,000
07/01/2004     Wahala                 Helena  Duncan               350.00         1,500,000                12.03.04
07/01/2004     Wine                   NOMINEE            E.      2,100.00        21,000,000
11/02/2004     Witt                   Mark                          50.00           500,000
07/01/2004     WSS Investments LLC                                 250.00         2,500,000
10/28/2004     Zarraga                Miquel             D.          7.50            75,000
                                                                     ----
12/03/2004     Luhanto                Pertti                                      2,000,000
12/03/2004     Avercap, Oy                                                        2,000,000
                                                                 --------------------------
                                                                 9,670.00        96,700,000
</TABLE>

                                      A-1
<PAGE>


                   [REMAINING SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS OMITTED]










</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>c34848_ex10-2.txt
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.2

                 SOLUTION(S) & PRODUCT(S) DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT


              THIS AGREEMENT is made this ___ day of July, 2004 ("Effective
Date") by and between HALOCOM INC. A DELAWARE CORPORATION WITH ITS PRINCIPAL
PLACE OF BUSINESS AT 14505 TORREY CHASE BLVD., SUITE 400A, HOUSTON, TEXAS 77014
(HaloCom), and iGate Inc., an Indiana corporation with its principal place of
business at 4350 Brownsboro Road, Suite 110, Louisville, KY 40207 ("iGate").

              WHEREAS, iGate has agreed to develop a Technical Solution and
Product Package, also known as "the Packages" of high-speed data transport over
power lines for both low voltage system, and medium voltage system respectfully;
and

              WHEREAS, HaloCom intends to use the iGate Technical Solution and
Product Package of high-speed data transport over power lines in its business
operations, as defined herein;

              NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and
conditions set forth below, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.     DEFINITIONS.

              The following terms shall have the indicated meanings:

       1.1.   "AFFILIATE" of a party shall mean any person, partnership,
              corporation or other business entity that, directly or indirectly,
              owns or controls, is under common ownership or control with, or is
              owned or controlled by such party, including any entity in which
              such party owns more than twenty percent (20%) of the equity or
              voting securities.

       1.2.   "CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION" shall mean all ideas and information of
              any kind which relate to the disclosing party's technology,
              know-how, technical data, products, software, works of authorship,
              assets, operations, contractual relationships, plans or any other
              aspects of its business which are disclosed or made available by
              either party hereto to the other pursuant to the provisions
              hereof, and which are identified or marked as confidential or
              proprietary by the disclosing party, or if disclosed orally, which
              are reduced to a written listing or summary marked as confidential
              or proprietary by the disclosing party within two (2) weeks of
              such oral disclosure. Without limiting the generality of the
              foregoing, HaloCom acknowledges that information relating to or
              comprising the Licensed Products or the Documentation, or
              disclosed to HaloCom by iGate pursuant to Article 3 hereof, shall
              be the Confidential Information of iGate.

       1.3.   "TECHNICAL SOLUTION AND PRODUCT PACKAGE" or "the Packages" shall
              mean all patents, drawings, parts lists, firmware, engineering
              changes notices, design notes and all such data needed to
              implement the solution and service(s) to be delivered

<PAGE>


              by the product(s). This iGate technology and solution shall
              include all local area network for simultaneous, bi-directional
              transmission of video bandwidth signals technology owned by iGate,
              whether patented or unpatented, including but not limited to the
              inventions set forth in U.S. patent Nos. 5,537,142 and 6,240,554.

       1.4    "APPLICATION OF PRODUCT" means HoloCom's deployment of the Package
              for its own service or its customer's service execution.

       1.5    "CONTRACT TERM" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.1
              herein.

       1.6    "TERRITORY" means that the geographical territory covered by this
              agreement is global, which is all countries, including the United
              States of America.

       1.7    "iGate TECHNOLOGY" means all technologies and know-how including
              but not limited to hardware and software which are used for the
              Package. All information and ideas presented to HaloCom with or
              without documentation.

       1.8    "HALOCOM TECHNOLOGY" means all knowledge, findings and know-how
              generated through field application of the Package or its own
              business execution using the Package by HaloCom, which is not yet
              materialized or patented by iGate. However, Any technology which
              is common sense or general practice of the industry shall not be
              HaloCom's technology.

2.     RIGHTS TO BE GRANTED

       2.1.   GRANT FROM iGate. On the terms and subject to the conditions set
              forth herein, iGate hereby grants to HaloCom a non-exclusive right
              to use, market, sell, install, maintain and repair the Technical
              Solution and Product Package of Power Lines Communication.

       2.2.   CERTAIN LICENSE LIMITATIONS

              2.2.1. HaloCom shall not have the right, directly or indirectly,
                     to sublicense any or all rights hereunder without the prior
                     written consent of iGate.

3.     DELIVERY OF THE TECHNICAL SOLUTION AND PRODUCT PACKAGE AND GENERAL
       CO-OPERATION.

       3.1.   DELIVERY OF THE PACKAGE. As soon as practicable after the
              Effective Date, but in any event within thirty (30) days
              thereafter, iGate shall begin to create deliverables according to
              the contents and schedule as outlined in Appendix 1.

                                       2
<PAGE>


              Nonetheless, iGate shall keep rights to change and modify any
              technical specifications shown in Appendix 1 during its
              development process. These changes and modification shall be
              informed to HaloCom in timely manner.

3.2.   TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE

       3.2.1  iGate hereby agrees to provide technical assistance on a
              commercially reasonable basis, upon the request of HaloCom, the
              scope and duration of such request to be provided in writing to
              iGate. To the extent that iGate seeks compensation for such
              assistance, the parties shall agree on a value for such assistance
              and on the payment terms.

3.3    TRAINING

       3.3.1  As part of this product development agreement, iGate will provide
              training and information for HaloCom's assigned work-force so that
              the latter can have an understanding of its services/products,
              applications, and other relevant procedures of the Power Line
              Communications Technology developed by iGate for HaloCom. The
              management of each party will each have the sole discretion to
              determine the numbers, levels of skills of its personnel assigned
              to HaloCom's program as stipulated in this agreement, and the type
              of support resources it will make available. Expenses for training
              program will be borne by the party incurring the expense unless
              otherwise agreed.

3.4    PROMOTION

       3.4.1  iGate will provide support for HaloCom in its seminars, open
              houses, public relations, events, press releases, testimonials,
              demonstrations, trade shows, conventions, and conferences efforts
              when appropriate. The content of all promotional
              materials/activities by HaloCom will be subject to advance written
              approval by iGate, insofar as their content to technology is
              concerned.

3.5    INSTALLATION AND MAINTENANCE OF PRODUCTS

              iGate will help with HaloCom's installation and maintenance for
              products sold as a result of activities associated with this
              product and development agreement at iGate's standard prices, if
              requested by HaloCom.

3.6    DEMO AND TRIAL EQUIPMENT

       3.6.1  iGate will provide the products to HaloCom or its prospective
              customers be used temporarily in customer demonstrations and pilot
              programs as part of its support process. These products will only
              be available after completion of the final product development.

                                       3
<PAGE>


       3.7    COLLATERAL MATERIALS

              3.7.1  iGate will provide to HaloCom reasonable quantities of
                     collateral materials, at no cost and as identified and
                     agreed to by both party, as part of the customer support
                     process.

4.     FEE AND OTHER TERMS

       4.1.   FEE. In partial consideration for the efforts to create the
              Technical Solution and Product Package herein by iGate, HaloCom
              agrees to pay to iGate a Fee as outlined in Appendix 2.

       4.2.   CO-BRANDING. All products and systems within the Technical
              Solution and Product Package, when delivered, shall bear on their
              exterior an insignia provided to HaloCom by iGate.

5.     REPRESENTATIONS.

       5.1.   REPRESENTATION OF iGate. iGate hereby represents and warrants to
              HaloCom as follows:

              5.1.1  iGate is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and
                     in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
                     organization and has all requisite power and authority to
                     enter into this Agreement, to perform its obligations
                     hereunder, and to consummate the transactions contemplated
                     hereby.

              5.1.2  iGate has taken all corporate action necessary to authorize
                     its execution and delivery of this Agreement, its
                     performance of its obligations hereunder, and its
                     consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. This
                     Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of
                     iGate, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to
                     bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium, and
                     similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and to
                     general principles of equity.

              5.1.3  The execution and delivery by iGate of this Agreement, its
                     consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, and
                     its compliance with the provisions hereof, will not (i)
                     violate or conflict with its Certificate of Incorporation
                     or By-Laws (ii) violate, conflict with, or give rise to any
                     right of termination, cancellation, or acceleration under
                     any agreement, lease, security, license, permit, or
                     instrument to which iGate or any of its subsidiaries is a
                     party, (iii) violate or conflict with any laws, rules, or
                     regulations, or (iv) require any consent, approval or other
                     action of, notice to, or filing with any entity or person
                     (governmental or private).

              5.1.4  There are no claims, judgments or settlements to be paid by
                     iGate or pending claims or litigation relating to the
                     Licensed Technology and Solution Package or the
                     Documentation.


                                       4
<PAGE>


              5.1.5  iGate has legal right, power and authority to enter into
                     this Agreement and to grant all of the right, title and
                     interest in and to the Technical Solution and Product
                     Package and the Documentation granted herein, and has no
                     other outstanding agreements or obligations inconsistent
                     with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.

              5.1.6  iGate will provide to HaloCom the intellectual property to
                     any and all updates to the Technical Solution and Product
                     Package as may be delivered during the term of this
                     Agreement and at no additional charge to HaloCom.

              5.1.7  EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION, iGate HEREBY
                     DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS AND
                     WARRANTIES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO (A) ANY IMPLIED
                     WARRANTY OF MERCHANT ABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
                     PURPOSE, (B) ANY WARRANTY THAT HALOCOM'S RIGHTS IN THE
                     TECHNICAL SOLUTION AND PRODUCT PACKAGE OR PATENTS ARE VALID
                     AND ENFORCEABLE, AND (C) ANY WARRANTY AS TO
                     NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
                     RIGHTS.

       5.2.   REPRESENTATIONS OF HALOCOM. HaloCom hereby represents and warrants
              to iGate as follows:

              5.2.1  HaloCom is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
                     and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
                     its organization and has all requisite power and authority
                     to enter into this Agreement, to perform its obligations
                     hereunder, and to consummate the transactions contemplated
                     hereby.

              5.2.2  HaloCom has taken all corporate action necessary to
                     authorize its execution and delivery of this Agreement, its
                     performance of its obligations hereunder, and its
                     consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. This
                     Agreement constitutes a valid, binding obligation of
                     HaloCom, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject
                     to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium, and
                     similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and to
                     general principles of equity.

              5.2.3  The execution and delivery by HaloCom of this Agreement,
                     its consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
                     and its compliance with the provisions hereof, will not (i)
                     violate or conflict with its Certificate of Incorporation
                     or By-laws, (ii) violate, conflict with, or give rise to
                     any right of termination, cancellation, or acceleration
                     under any agreement, lease, security, license, permit, or
                     instrument to which HaloCom is a party, (iii) violate or
                     conflict with any laws, rules, or regulations, or (iv)
                     require any consent, approval or other action of, notice
                     to, or filing with any entity or person (governmental or
                     private).

                                       5
<PAGE>


6.     CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION/ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF OWNERSHIP RIGHTS.

       6.1    Ownership

              6.1.1  HaloCom expressly acknowledges that iGate is the sole and
                     exclusive owner of the Technical Solution and Product
                     Package. Nothing in this agreement shall constitute the
                     grant of a general license from iGate to use the Technical
                     Solution and Product Package. HaloCom expressly covenants
                     that it will not knowingly take any action, or omit to take
                     any action, that impairs, infringes, injures, degrades or
                     lessens in value of the Package. HaloCom also expressly
                     covenants that it will not seek registration of any of the
                     Package in its own name or in the name of any affiliate,
                     and agrees that it will not at any time challenge, contest,
                     or call into question the registration, validity, or
                     enforceability of the Package.

              6.1.2  iGate agrees that HaloCom shall be the owner of the
                     specific agreed upon "HaloCom technology" developed as
                     defined in section 1.8 under this agreement. HaloCom also
                     expressly covenants that it will not seek registration of
                     any other application without written agreement from iGate.

       6.2    CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATION. Each party shall hold in confidence
              any Confidential Information disclosed by the other or otherwise
              obtained by such party as a result of activities contemplated by
              this Agreement, and each party shall protect the confidentiality
              thereof with the same degree of care that it exercises with
              respect to its own information of a like nature, but in no event
              less than reasonable care. Access to Confidential Information must
              be restricted to the receiving party's employees or agents, who,
              in each case, need to have access to carry out a permitted use and
              are bound in writing to maintain the confidentiality of such
              Confidential Information. The Confidential Information, and all
              copies of part or all thereof, shall be and remain the exclusive
              property of the disclosing party, and the receiving party shall
              acquire only such rights as are expressly set forth under the
              terms and conditions of this Agreement and only for so long as
              such rights are in effect.

              6.2.1  EXCEPTIONS. Notwithstanding any provisions contained herein
                     concerning nondisclosure and non-use of the Confidential
                     Information, the obligations shall not apply to any portion
                     of the Confidential Information which the receiving party
                     can demonstrate by legally sufficient evidence:

                     6.2.1.1 now or hereafter, through no act or failure to act
                             on the part of the receiving party, becomes
                             generally known or available;

                                       6
<PAGE>


                     6.2.1.2 is known to the receiving party at the time of
                             receiving such Confidential Information without an
                             obligation of Confidentiality;

                     6.2.1.3 is hereafter furnished to the receiving party by a
                             third party as a matter of right without
                             restriction on disclosure;

                     6.2.1.4 is independently developed by the receiving party
                             without use of any Confidential Information
                             received from the other; or

                     6.2.1.5 is disclosed in response to a valid order of a
                             court or other governmental body or any political
                             subdivision thereof; provided, however, that the
                             party making the disclosure pursuant to such an
                             order shall promptly give notice to the other party
                             and make a reasonable effort to obtain a protective
                             order requiring that Confidential Information so
                             disclosed by used only for the purposes for which
                             the order was issued.

7      INDEMNIFICATION.

       7.1    INDEMNIFICATION. iGate indemnifies HaloCom for any patent,
              copyright or trade secret infringement. iGate will defend at its
              expense and indemnify HaloCom with respect to any action brought
              against HaloCom to the extent that it is based on a breach of the
              foregoing warranty, and iGate will pay any costs and damages
              finally awarded against HaloCom, or any settlement finally paid
              with the consent of iGate (which consent shall not be unreasonably
              withheld) by HaloCom and reimburse HaloCom for attorney's fees
              reasonably incurred in connection therewith, provided HaloCom
              notifies iGate promptly in writing of such claim and allows iGate
              to fully control the defense of such claim.

              7.1.1  Should the Technical Solution and Product Package or any
                     portion thereof become, or in iGate's opinion be likely to
                     become the subject of any claim of infringement, iGate
                     shall, at HaloCom option:

                     7.1.1.1 produce for HaloCom the right to continue
                             exercising its rights hereunder with respect to the
                             Technical Solution and Product Package

                     7.1.1.2 replace or modify the Technical Solution and
                             Product Package to make it noninfringing, or

       7.2    In the event of any patent, copyright or trade secret infringement
              on the Technical Solution and Product Package by a third-party in
              conjunction with the sale, manufacture or use of units in the
              Technical Solution and Product Package, or any sublicense granted
              under this Agreement, HaloCom agrees to indemnify iGate for any
              actual and consequential damages resulting from such infringement
              and to reimburse iGate for attorney's fees reasonably incurred in
              connection therewith.

                                       7
<PAGE>


              7.2.1  If HaloCom becomes aware of any such violation or suspected
                     violation described above, HaloCom shall notify iGate of
                     such event in sufficient detail and present iGate with a
                     course of action to abate such violation. If such violation
                     is not cured by the course of actions taken by HaloCom,
                     iGate shall have the right to terminate this Agreement
                     pursuant to Section 8.2.

       7.3    LIMITATIONS. Subject to the representations by iGate in Section 5,
              iGate shall not be liable for any incidental, indirect, special,
              punitive, exemplary or consequential damages of any kind
              whatsoever relating to, resulting form, arising out of, or
              connected with the Technical Solution and Product Package, or this
              Agreement, whether in contract or tort (including negligence) even
              if iGate has been advised of or is or should be aware of the
              possibility of such damages. In no event shall iGate's liability
              to HaloCom exceed the actual amount of sums paid to iGate under
              the Agreement.

8      TERMINATION.

       8.1    CONTRACT TERM. This Agreement shall continue in full force and
              effect from the Effective Date until otherwise terminated by
              mutual agreement of the parties hereto or pursuant to Section 8.2
              below ("Contract Term").

       8.2    TERMINATION BY EITHER PARTY. Notwithstanding anything herein to
              the contrary, each party shall have the right, in addition and
              without prejudice to any other rights or remedies, to terminate
              this Agreement if:

              8.2.1  the other party fails to pay any sum of money when due
                     hereunder or commits any material breach of the terms
                     hereof, which, in the case of a breach capable of remedy,
                     shall not have been remedied within ten (10) days in the
                     case of non-payment, or thirty (30) days in the event of
                     any other breach, of the receipt by the party in default of
                     notice specifying the breach and requiring its remedy; or

              8.2.2  the other party (1) has filed a petition in bankruptcy or
                     insolvency; (2) any adjudication that the other party is
                     bankrupt or insolvent; (3) filing of any petition or answer
                     seeking reorganization, readjustment or arrangement of its
                     business under any law relating to bankruptcy or
                     insolvency; (4) the appointment of a receiver for all or
                     substantially all of the property of the other party; (5)
                     the making of any assignment for the benefit of creditors;
                     (6) the  institution of any proceedings for the liquidation
                     or winding up of  business  or for the  termination  of its
                     corporate charter.

              8.2.3  either party shall have the right to terminate this
                     agreement without cause after 24 months of the effective
                     date of the agreement.

                                       8
<PAGE>


       8.3    EFFECT OF TERMINATION. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
              contrary, upon the termination of this Agreement, the provisions
              of Article 6 shall survive such termination and continue in full
              force and effect.

9      MISCELLANEOUS.

       9.1    GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
              in accordance with the laws of the State of Kentucky without
              reference to its choice of law principles. Any dispute arising
              hereunder or concerning any transaction contemplated hereby shall
              be resolved by submission to arbitration as provided by Laws of
              Washington, D.C. and not by a lawsuit or other court proceedings.
              In the event that either party hereto shall institute any action
              to enforce any rights hereunder in the courts, the prevailing
              party in such an action shall be entitled, in addition to relief
              awarded by the court, to attorney's fees and litigation expenses
              as the court may award. The only choice and venue of jurisdiction
              by which an action may be brought in the court of law in the State
              of Kentucky. Any dispute arising hereunder or concerning any
              transaction contemplated hereby that cannot be resolved by
              arbitration, will be proceed to be resolved in a state or federal
              court located in such State, and each of the parties hereby agrees
              to submit itself to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such
              courts for such purposes, in this case, the State of Kentucky.

       9.2    ATTORNEYS' FEES. In the event of any legal action to enforce the
              terms and conditions of this Agreement, the prevailing party in
              any such action shall be entitled to its costs and expenses,
              including reasonably attorneys' fees, expended in enforcing its
              rights hereunder.

       9.3    EXPENSES. Both HaloCom and iGate are under no obligation or
              requirement to reimburse each other any expenses relating to the
              development, marketing or sale of the The Packages. Any costs and
              expenses incurred by iGate and the HaloCom will their sole
              responsibility.

       9.4    PRODUCT(S) DEVELOPMENT WARRANTIES. iGate warrants that the product
              development process shown in Appendix 1, for both low voltage and
              medium voltage systems respectfully, for all categories of
              hardware, and software as part of the OEM Packages, will be
              achieved within the time line allotted, and will be free from
              defects in materials, fitness for a particular purpose, and
              workmanship under trial and normal use for a period of six months
              from the date of sale to the end-user. HaloCom shall not pass this
              warranty to the end-user. The exclusive remedy for the HaloCom for
              the breach of the foregoing warranties will be to seek to have
              iGate bring the completion the development of the OEM Packages, or
              refund to a larger extent the development fee, stipulated in
              Appendix 2, less expenses incurred by iGate for the project
              development.

       9.5    NO JOINT VENTURE. This agreement is not intended to create, nor
              will it be construed as, a joint venture, association,
              partnership, franchise or other form of business or relationship.
              Neither party will have or hold itself out as having any

                                       9
<PAGE>


              right or power or authority to assume, create, or incur any
              expense, liability, expressed or implied, on behalf of the other
              party, except as expressly provided herein.

       9.6    FORCE MAJEURE. The failure of any party hereunder to perform any
              obligation otherwise due (except for the payment of monies due
              hereunder) as a result of governmental action, law, order or
              regulation, or as a result of war, terrorism, act of public enemy,
              strike or other labor disturbance, fire, flood, act of God or
              other causes of like kind beyond the reasonable control of such
              party, shall be excused for so long as said cause exists to the
              extent such failure is caused by such event.

       9.7    NOTICES. Any notices or other communications required or permitted
              hereunder shall be sufficiently given, if delivered by hand, or
              sent by certified mail, return receipt requested and
              postage-prepaid, address as follows:

                     If to HaloCom:     HaloComcom, Inc.
                                        14505 Torrey Chase Blvd., #400A
                                        Houston, Texas 77014.
                                        Attn: Blaize Kaduru, President/CEO.

                     If to iGate:       iGate, Inc.
                                        433 Hackensack Ave, 4F
                                        Hackensack, NJ 07601
                                        Attn: B.K. Son, President & COO

       9.8    SEVERABILITY. If any term or provision of this Agreement is found
              to be invalid under any applicable statute or rule of law by a
              court of competent jurisdiction then, that provision
              notwithstanding, this Agreement shall remain in full force and
              effect and such provision shall be deleted unless such a deletion
              would frustrate the intent of the parties with respect to any
              material aspect of the relationship established hereby, in which
              case this Agreement shall terminate, with the consequences set
              forth in Section 8.2.

       9.9    ARBITRATION. Any and all disputes or controversies arising out of
              or relating to this Agreement which cannot be resolved by the
              parties shall be exclusively and definitively resolved by
              arbitration in Washington, D.C. or via teleconference originating
              anywhere within the United States mutually agreeable to both
              parties. In no event shall the arbitrator(s) of any arbitration
              conducted under this Section 9.6 be empowered to disregard the
              intent of the provisions of this Agreement in

                                       10
<PAGE>


              rendering a decision in such arbitration and any such decision
              shall be set forth in writing and include the reasons and the
              analysis in support of such decision. The arbitration award shall
              be final and binding on all parties and judgment upon any such
              decision may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
              The arbitrator(s) shall be entitled to assess attorneys' fees and
              apportion arbitration costs in any arbitration decision.

       9.10   ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement is not assignable, whether in
              conjunction with a change in ownership, or the sale or transfer of
              the whole or any part of a Party's business or assets, either
              voluntarily, or by operation of law, or otherwise, without the
              prior written consent of the other party. Such consent shall not
              be unreasonably withheld.

       9.11   ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement constitutes the entire
              understanding between the parties with respect to the subject
              matter hereof and supersedes all other negotiations, discussions
              and memoranda, and any other letter or agreements relating to such
              subject matter. This Agreement may not be amended, changes or
              modified, except by a writing executed by the parties or their
              respective permitted successors and assigns.

       9.12   WAIVER. Any party to this Agreement may, by written notice to the
              other party, waive any provision of this Agreement, the benefit of
              which runs to the party executing the waiver. The waiver by any
              party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall
              not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent same or
              different breach.

       9.13   HEADINGS. Headings and other titles to articles and section of
              this Agreement are solely for the convenience of reference and in
              no way define or limit the scope or substance of any provision of
              this Agreement.

       9.14   PUBLICITY. Neither iGate nor HaloCom shall disclose the existence
              of this Agreement, unless any proposed publication is approved in
              writing by both parties prior to release.

              IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

HaloComCom, INCORPORATED                iGATE, INCORPORATED


By: /s/ Blaize N. Kaduru
  -----------------------------------
Name:  Blaize N. Kaduru
Title: President/CEO

                                        By: /s/ Vernon L. Jackson
                                           -----------------------------
                                        Name:  Vernon L. Jackson
                                        Title: Chairman & CEO


Date: 7/16/04                           Date: 7/23/04
     --------------------------------        ----------------------------

                                       11
<PAGE>


APPENDIX 1. CONTENTS AND SCHEDULE

Hardware and Target Specifications (Preliminary)

1.     LOW VOLTAGE SYSTEM

                               [GRAPHIC OMITTED]

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Product ID (Temporary)                  iBPL Gateway Router (iBGR)
- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Description                             Support up to 16~25 CPEs. (Optional
                                        consideration: modular extendable
                                        function)

                                        Mountable to power pole nearby a
                                        transformer, distribution panel of multi
                                        dwelling unit and other applicable site
                                        VoIP ready (with optional VoIP
                                        equipment)

                                        -Connection to the local backbone
- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------

                                       12
<PAGE>


- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Target Specification                    Data rate: 14Mbps~25Mbps

                                        Reach: Up to 2,000 feet~2,500 feet

                                        -DMT (Discrete Multi Tone) Modulation,
                                        Adaptive bit loading for each sub
                                        channel

                                        Multiple Access: CSMA/CA

                                        -5~ 10 repeaters support
- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Product ID (Temporary)                       iBPL CPE
- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Description                             Instant access to the Internet and/ or
                                        to home network by power outlet Each
                                        with individual encryption key Packet
                                        based data communication Ready for value
                                        added service including VoIP, Video
                                        conferencing, VOD and Security
                                        monitoring.

                                        -Support standard hub and router

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Target Specification                    Max. data rate: 14Mbps~25Mbps

                                        Practical average data rate: 2Mbps~4Mbps

                                        Reach: Up to 2,000 feet~2,500 feet

                                        Channel specific adaptive bit loading

                                        Forward error correction: Convolution
                                        and RS codes with Interleave

                                        -Individual encryption

                                        -USB

                                        -Plug & Play with Windows(R)

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
        PRODUCT ID (TEMPORARY)          iBPL Signal Repeater
- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Description                             Relay frames between iBPL router and CPE

                                        Automatic detection of existing iBPL
                                        device

                                        - Easy and simple installation

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Target Specification                    Data rate: 14Mbps~25Mbps

                                        Reach: Up to 2,000 feet~2,500 feet 5~10
                                        repeaters per iBPL router

                                        Channel specific adaptive bit loading

                                        Forward error correction: Convolution
                                        and RS codes with Interleave

                                        - Support other repeaters at the level
                                        below

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------

                                       13
<PAGE>


- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Configuration                           [GRAPHIC OMITTED]

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------


- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
        PRODUCT ID (TEMPORARY)          iBPL Low Voltage Coupler
- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Description                             Inject BPL signals into 110V power line

                                        Support 4 subscribers per each

                                        - Extendable

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Target Specification                    - to be determined

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
       PRODUCT ID (TEMPORARY)           iBPL Low Voltage Network Management
                                        Server and Software

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Description

                                        Monitoring and management of network

                                        Basic remote operation (Power reset)

                                        SNMP and/or MIB II compatible

                                        - Subscriber registration and activity
                                        monitoring

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Target Specification                    - TBD
- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------

                                       14
<PAGE>


2.     MID. VOLTAGE SYSTEM

                               [GRAPHIC OMITTED]


* UNTIL THE COMPLETION OF MID. VOLTAGE SYSTEM, IGATE WILL PROVIDE AN ALTERNATIVE
   SOLUTION WITH ITS LONG RANGE SWITCH (MODEL: IB4244) FOR CONNECTIONS WITHIN
                          2.7 MILES IN EACH DIRECTION.



                       MID. VOLTAGE SYSTEM CONFIGURATION

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
         PRODUCT ID (TEMPORARY)         iBPL Mid. Voltage Bridge
- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Description                             Inject broadband signals into 22kV power
                                        line

                                        Support local iBPL Gateway Router

                                        -Insulation resistance

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Target Specification                    TBD
Configuration
- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
         PRODUCT ID (TEMPORARY)         iBPL Mid. Voltage Signal Repeater

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Description                             Relay frames between iBPL Mid Voltage
- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------

                                       15
<PAGE>


- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------

                                        Bridge and the Bridge Slave via 22kV
                                        power line

                                        Automatic detection of existing iBPL
                                        device

                                        Easy and simple installation

                                        - Pass the broadband to iBPL Gateway
                                        Router

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Target Specification                    TBD
Configuration
- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
         PRODUCT ID (TEMPORARY)         iBPL Mid. Voltage Bridge Slave
- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Description                             Get broadband signal from iBPL Mid
                                        Voltage Bridge or the Repeater.

                                        - Pass the broadband to iBPL Gateway
                                        Router

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Target Specification
Configuration                           TBD
- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
         PRODUCT ID (TEMPORARY)         iBPL Mid. Voltage Coupler
- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Description                             Inject BPL signals into 22kV power line

                                        Safe against dielectric breakdown

                                        Multiple bonded ceramic structure

                                        -Insulation resistance

- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
Target Specification                    Frequency: 1MHz ~ 30MHz
Configuration
                                        Signal loss: less than 3dB

                                        Rating: 22.9kV

                                        - Drain coil inductance: 1mH, M-class
- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------

                                       16
<PAGE>


APPENDIX 2. FEE AND PAYMENT SCHEDULE


- ------------------------------------ -------------- ----------------------------
Low Voltage System                          8/1/04                 $   200,000
                                     -------------- ----------------------------
                                            9/1/04                 $   200,000
                                     -------------- ----------------------------
                                           10/1/04                 $   150,000
                                     -------------- ----------------------------
                                           11/1/04                 $   150,000
- ------------------------------------ -------------- ----------------------------
Sub Total (Low Voltage System)                                     $   700,000
- ------------------------------------ -------------- ----------------------------

- ------------------------------------ -------------- ----------------------------
Mid Voltage System**                        2/1/05                 $   100,000
                                     -------------- ----------------------------
*Built on Low Voltage System                3/1/05                 $   100,000
                                     -------------- ----------------------------
                                            4/1/05                 $   100,000
                                     -------------- ----------------------------
                                            5/1/05                 $   100,000
                                     -------------- ----------------------------
                                            6/1/05                 $   100,000
- ------------------------------------ -------------- ----------------------------
Sub Total (Mid Voltage System)                                     $   500,000
- ------------------------------------ -------------- ----------------------------
** Optional



                               [GRAPHIC OMITTED]

                                       17

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>c34848_ex10-3.txt
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.3

                        INVESTMENT CAPITAL FEE AGREEMENT


AGREEMENT   made  this  2nd  day  of  August  2004  by  and   between   Gridline
Communications Corp., a Delaware Corporation (herein "Gridline"), and D. E. Wine
Investments Inc., a Texas Corporation (herein "Wine").

WHEREAS,  Gridline is engaged in the business of  developing,  engineering,  and
providing high-speed internet services over power lines: and,

WHEREAS,  Wine is in the business of  providing  management  investment  banking
services and identifying and securing strategic alliances; and,

WHEREAS,  Gridline  requires  introductions  to  potential  equity and  business
partners to provide  working  capital and to replace  existing  lines of credit:
and,

WHEREAS,  the  Parties  desire to enter into this  Agreement  for the purpose of
utilizing the services of Wine on a non-exclusive  basis to identify  sources of
equity financing and assist Gridline in securing financing from such sources for
itself and its clients.


NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties do hereby agree as follows:




1.     SERVICES  WINE hereby  agrees to use its  reasonable  efforts to identify
       potential   equity  or  debt  investors  (each,   "Investor",   together,
       Investors"),  to  introduce  the same to Gridline  and  otherwise  assist
       Gridline in securing  funding from the Investors  ("Services").  Gridline
       agrees  to  utilize  the  Services  and to pay for the  services  as more
       particularly  set-forth  herein.  Gridline will utilize the Services on a
       non-exclusive  basis and  shall be free to  utilize  the same or  similar
       services of one or more other providers at any time. Wine shall list such
       Investors  on  Schedule  A, and may add to  Schedule A from time to time.
       Gridline  shall  automatically  accept  such  listing  unless  it  has an
       existing active  discussion  regarding an investment in Gridline with the
       proposed Investor, or another Finder has already listed such Investor. In
       such event,  Gridline shall notify Wine of such conflict  within 24 hours
       of listing by Wine.


2.     TERM This Agreement  shall have a term  commencing on the date hereof and
       ending on August 2, 2005 unless earlier  terminated by either Party. Such
       earlier  termination shall be by written notice and shall be effective on
       the date specified in the notice.  After termination,  no party will have
       any further obligation hereunder, except that Wine will retain all rights
       under this  agreement  regarding  payment of any fees earned  through the
       date of the termination.


3.     FEES

       (a)    a cash fee (the "Financing Fee") consisting of:

              (i)    a cash placement fee (the "Cash  Placement Fee") for EQUITY
                     financing of :

                     10% of the first million dollars,

                     8% of the second million,

                     6% of the third million,

                     4% of the forth million,

                     3% of everything thereafter,

              (ii)   a cash placement fee for DEBT financing  equal to 5% of the
                     financing amount.

                                       1
<PAGE>


       (b)    a stock  placement fee (the "Stock  Placement Fee") payable at the
              closing of the  financing  equal to 50,000 shares for each million
              dollars of  financing.  All shares issued per this section will be
              restricted common stock of the company.


       The cash  placement fee and the stock  placement fee will be payable on a
       prorate  basis for any  financing  amount which falls between the million
       dollar breakpoints.

       The cash and,  stock fee for the  Services  shall  apply  during the term
       hereof, or any extensions thereto,  from any Investor first introduced to
       Gridline by Wine.

       In the event a potential  Investor is first  identified to Gridline prior
       to the termination of this Agreement,  but no funding by such Investor is
       made  prior to the  termination  date,  then  the  foregoing  fees  shall
       nevertheless  be paid to the extent the  investment  by such  Investor is
       funded  and  received  by  Gridline  on or before  Two (2) years from the
       effective  date of  termination.  In the event such  persons who were not
       initially identified and personally  introduced to the Company by Wine in
       the  Company,  no  compensation  will be owed to Wine.  Wine shall not be
       entitled to any fee if the investment is  consummated or if  negotiations
       thereto  are  completed,  more  than Two (2)  years  after  the date of a
       notification  of  termination  or if someone  other than Wine had already
       submitted the name of the potential Investor to Gridline.


4.     INVESTOR  QUALIFICATION No investment originated by Wine will be accepted
       by Gridline  until the  following  criteria  are met: (1) the investor is
       determined  to be  "accredited"  (2)  the  investor  is  approved  by the
       Company, in its sole discretion.


5.     PAYMENT OF FEES Gridline  shall pay the  foregoing  fees to Wine out of a
       transaction  escrow  account no later  than  Forty  Eight (48) hours from
       completion  of the  investment,  or, if cleared  funds are not  available
       after 48 hours,  then no later  than when  funds  are made  available  by
       banking institution.


6.     INVESTMENT  TERMS  The  amount of funds to be  invested,  the form of the
       investment and each of the terms of such  investment  shall be determined
       in the sole and exclusive discretion of Gridline. Gridline shall be under
       no obligation to contact or deal with any Investor identified by Wine nor
       shall it be obligated to commit to funding in any amount.  Gridline shall
       not be under any obligation to close any funding in connection with which
       it has had discussions or received commitments.


7.     PROHIBITION  OF  REPRESENTATIONS  Wine  will not make any  representation
       concerning  Gridline or its  business or provide  any  information  about
       Gridline  or its  business  except to the extent in  writing  and made or
       provided by Gridline;  provided, however, that Wine may identify Gridline
       to potential Investors and describe the general nature of the business of
       Gridline and the amount and type of investment sought.


8.     INDEPENDENT  CONTRACTOR  The Parties  agree that the  Services  are being
       provided by Wine  strictly as an  independent  contractor.  It is not the
       purpose  or  intention  of this  Agreement  to  create,  nor  shall  this
       Agreement be construed as creating,  any type of partnership,  employment
       or agency  relationship  between the Parties.  Wine is not  authorized to
       take any action on behalf of Gridline  or to bind  Gridline in any manner
       except as expressly provided herein

                                       2
<PAGE>


9.     WINE'S ROLE Gridline acknowledges that Wine is a registered broker-dealer
       but Wine shall not be required  hereunder to, engage in the offer or sale
       of securities on behalf of Gridline. Wine agrees that, in connection with
       its  activities  on behalf of  Gridline,  it will not engage in a general
       solicitation of potential investors,  as defined in the Securities Act of
       1933  and  the  regulations  promulgated  pursuant  thereto,  and it will
       conduct  all  activities  on  behalf  of  Gridline  in  compliance   with
       applicable state and federal securities laws.


10.    INDEMNITY  Each of the Parties will  indemnify and defend the other Party
       against and hold the other Party harmless from any and all claims,  loss,
       liabilities,  damage,  demand,  or suit (and legal and related  costs and
       expenses that arise,  directly or indirectly,  from acts or omissions by,
       or from the breach of any term or condition of this Agreement  attributed
       to the associated Party.


11.    MISCELLANEOUS  This  Agreement  shall be governed by and  interpreted  in
       accordance  with the laws of the State of Texas and  controlling  federal
       law. No amendments,  changes or  modifications to this Agreement shall be
       valid  except if the same are in writing and signed by a duly  authorized
       representative of each of the parties hereto.

       The rights and  obligations  arising under this Agreement are personal in
       nature and shall not be  assigned  or  transferred  by Wine  without  the
       express written  consent of Gridline.  This Agreement shall be binding on
       and shall  inure to the  benefit  of the  Parties  and  their  respective
       successors and permitted assigns.


12.    DISPUTE RESOLUTION THROUGH ARBITRATION

       Arbitration:  All disputes,  controversies  or claims by or between AISMI
       and Wine arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be settled by
       binding  arbitration  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  Industry
       Arbitration Rules of the American  Arbitration  Association.  The parties
       agree  that  binding  arbitration  shall  be the  sole  remedy  as to all
       disputes arising out of this Agreement. All arbitration hearings shall be
       held at a place  designated by the  arbitrators  as shall be agreed to by
       the parties.

       Choice of Law: In determining any matter(s) the  arbitrators  shall apply
       the terms of this Agreement, without adding to, modifying or changing the
       terms in any respect, and shall apply Tribal law, or in its absence, then
       federal  law,  or in its  absence,  then state law where the  Project (or
       Agreement) is to be performed.

       Action to Compel Arbitration:  Both parties agree that either Party shall
       have the right to compel and/or enforce,  including,  if appropriate,  by
       injunctive  relief or specific  performance,  any  arbitration  decisions
       and/or  arbitration   awards  in  a  court  of  competent   jurisdiction.
       Arbitration  shall be held in the City and State  where the  Project  (or
       Agreement) is to be performed.


                                       3
<PAGE>


IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the duly  authorized  representatives  of the parties have
caused this Agreement to be executed on the date first written above.


- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP             D. E. WINE INVESTMENTS, INC





BY: /s/ Blaize Kaduru                    BY: /s/ W. Randal Miller
    ---------------------------------        ---------------------------------





NAME:   BLAIZE KADURU                    NAME:   W. RANDAL MILLER





TITLE:  PRESIDENT/CEO                    TITLE:  VICE PRESIDENT





DATE:   AUGUST 2, 2004                   DATE:   AUGUST 2, 2004
- --------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------


                                       4
<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE A


               LIST OF PROSPECTS FOR GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.

                                 AUGUST 2, 2004_
                                 ---------------

                  (LIST WILL BE UPDATED WEEKLY OR AS NECESSARY)


       1.     SBI USA.


       3.


       4.


       5.



                                       5

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>c34848_ex10-4.txt
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.4

                          GRIDLINE COMMUNICATION CORP.

                           2004 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN


    SECTION                             DESCRIPTION

       1                                Purpose of the Plan

       2                                Definitions

       3                                Types of Awards Covered

       4                                Administration

       5                                Eligibility

       6                                Shares of Stock Subject to the Plan

       7                                Non-Employee Director Awards

       8                                Stock Options

       9                                Stock Appreciation Rights

       10                               Restricted Stock

       11                               Performance Awards

       12                               Other Stock-Based Incentive Awards

       13                               Exercise of Options

       14                               Rights in Event of Death or Disability

       15                               Award Agreements

       16                               Tax Withholding

       17                               Change of Control

       18                               Dilution or Other Adjustment

       19                               Transferability

       20                               Amendment or Termination

       21                               General Provisions

       22                               Plan Effective Date

       23                               Plan Termination

<PAGE>


                          GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.

                           2004 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

                                    SECTION 1
                               PURPOSE OF THE PLAN

1.1     The purposes of the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan are to attract and retain
        qualified  personnel,  to provide additional  incentive to Employees and
        Consultants  of Gridline  Communications  Corp.  in order to promote the
        success of the Company's business and enhance shareholder value.

                                    SECTION 2
                                   DEFINITIONS

2.1     Unless the context indicates  otherwise,  the following terms, when used
        in this Plan, shall have the meanings set forth in this Section:

        (a)     "AWARD"  shall mean grants or awards under this Plan in the form
                of Options, SARs, Restricted Stock,  Performance Awards or other
                stock-based incentive awards.

        (b)     "BOARD" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

        (c)     "CHANGE OF  CONTROL"  shall be deemed to have taken  place on an
                occurrence of an event as defined in Section 17 of this Plan.

        (d)     "CODE" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as it may be
                amended from time to time and related Treasury Regulations.

        (e)     "COMMITTEE" shall mean the Board, or any Committee  comprised of
                two or more Outside  Directors,  that may be  designated  by the
                Board to  administer  the Plan,  in  accordance  with  Section 4
                hereof.

        (f)     "COMMON STOCK" shall mean the common stock, par value $.0001, of
                the Company.

        (g)     "COMPANY" shall mean Gridline Communications Corp.

        (h)     "CONSULTANT" shall mean any consultant or advisor to the Company
                or any Subsidiary, but not including any Employee.

        (i)     "DEFERRED  SHARES" an award made  pursuant  to Section 12 of the
                Plan  of the  right  to  receive  Common  Stock  in lieu of cash
                thereof at the end of a specified time period.

        (j)     "DIRECTOR" shall mean any member of the Board.

<PAGE>


        (k)     "DISABILITY"  shall mean permanent and total  disability  within
                the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code.

        (l)     "EMPLOYEE"  shall mean any full-time  employee of the Company or
                its Subsidiaries (including Directors who are otherwise employed
                on a full-time basis by the Company or its Subsidiaries).

        (m)     "EXCHANGE ACT" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as
                it may be amended from time to time.

        (n)     "FAIR MARKET VALUE" of the Common Stock on a given date shall be
                based  upon  either  (i) if the  Common  Stock  is  listed  on a
                national   securities  exchange  or  quoted  in  an  interdealer
                quotation system,  the last sales price or, if unavailable,  the
                average  of the  closing  bid and asked  prices per share of the
                Common  Stock on such  date  (or,  if there  was no  trading  or
                quotation  in the  Common  Stock  on  such  date,  on  the  next
                preceding  date on which  there was  trading  or  quotation)  as
                provided  by one of such  organizations  or  (ii) if the  Common
                Stock is not listed on a national  securities exchange or quoted
                in an interdealer  quotation system,  the price will be equal to
                the Company's fair market value,  as determined by the Committee
                in  good  faith  based  upon  the  best   available   facts  and
                circumstances at the time.

        (o)     "GRANTEE" shall mean a person granted an Award under the Plan.

        (p)     "IMMEDIATE  FAMILY"  shall mean with respect to a given  Grantee
                that Grantee's  spouse,  children,  or grandchildren  (including
                adopted children or grandchildren).

        (q)     "IPO DATE" shall mean the date of closing of the initial  public
                offering of the Company's Common Stock.

        (r)     "ISO"  shall  mean an  Award  granted  pursuant  to the  Plan to
                purchase  shares of the Stock and is  intended  to qualify as an
                incentive  stock option under Section 422 of the Code, as now or
                hereafter constituted.

        (s)     "NQSO"  shall  mean an  Award  granted  pursuant  to the Plan to
                purchase  shares of stock and is not  intended  to qualify as an
                incentive  stock option under Section 422 of the Code, as now or
                hereafter constituted.

        (t)     "OPTIONS"  shall  refer  collectively  to NQSOs and ISOs  issued
                under and subject to the Plan.

        (u)     "OUTSIDE DIRECTOR" shall mean a non-employee Director within the
                meaning  of Rule  16b-3(b)(3)  under the  Exchange  Act,  or any
                successor thereto,  who are also "outside  directors" within the
                meaning  of  Section  162(m)  of the  Code  and the  regulations
                thereunder.

<PAGE>


        (v)     "PERFORMANCE  AWARDS" shall mean Awards under the Plan,  payable
                in cash,  Common  Stock,  other  securities  or other awards and
                shall  confer  on  the  holder  thereof  the  right  to  receive
                payments,  upon the achievement of such performance goals during
                such performance periods as the Committee shall establish.

        (w)     "PERMITTED  TRANSFEREE"  shall mean any  individual or entity as
                defined in Section 19.2 of this Plan.

        (x)     "PLAN" shall mean this 2004 Equity  Incentive  Plan as set forth
                herein and as amended from time to time.

        (y)     "RESTRICTED  STOCK" shall mean an Award of Common Stock  subject
                to restrictions  on transfer  and/or such other  restrictions on
                incidents of ownership as the Committee may determine.

        (z)     "RULES"  means  Rule  16(b)(3)  and  any  successor   provisions
                promulgated  by the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission  under
                Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

        (aa)    "SAR"  shall mean an Award  constituting  the right to  receive,
                upon  surrender  of the right,  but without  payment,  an amount
                payable in cash.

        (bb)    "SUBSIDIARY or  SUBSIDIARIES"  shall mean any entity or entities
                in which the Company owns a majority of the voting power.

        (cc)    "TEN PERCENT  SHAREHOLDER"  shall mean any Grantee who owns more
                than 10% of the combined voting power of all classes of stock of
                the Company, within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.

                                    SECTION 3
                             TYPES OF AWARDS COVERED

3.1     Awards granted under the Plan may be:

        (a)     stock options ("Options") which may be designated as:

                (i)     nonqualified stock options ("NQSOs"); or

                (ii)    incentive stock options ("ISOs");

        (b)     stock appreciation rights ("SARs");

        (c)     restricted stock awards ("Restricted Stock");

        (d)     performance awards ("Performance Awards"); or

        (e)     other forms of stock-based incentive awards.

                                       3
<PAGE>


                                    SECTION 4
                                 ADMINISTRATION

4.1     The  Plan  shall  be  administered  by  the  Committee.  Subject  to the
        provisions of the Plan and applicable law, the Committee shall have full
        discretion and the exclusive power to:

        (a)     select the individuals  who will  participate in the Plan and to
                make Awards to such individuals;

        (b)     determine the time at which such Awards shall be granted and any
                terms and conditions with respect to such Awards as shall not be
                inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan; and

        (c)     resolve  all  questions  relating to the  administration  of the
                Plan, and applicable law.

4.2     The  interpretation of and application by the Committee of any provision
        of the Plan shall be final and  conclusive.  The Committee,  in its sole
        discretion, may establish such rules and guidelines relating to the Plan
        as it may deem appropriate.

4.3     The Committee may employ such legal counsel,  consultants, and agents as
        it may deem  desirable for the  administration  of the Plan and may rely
        upon any opinion  received from any such counsel or  consultant  and any
        computation  received from any such  consultant or agent.  The Committee
        shall keep minutes of its actions under the Plan.

4.4     No member of the Board of Directors or the Committee shall be liable for
        any action or determination  made in good faith with respect to the Plan
        or any Awards granted  hereunder.  All members of the Committee shall be
        fully   protected  by  the  Company  in  respect  to  any  such  action,
        determination or interpretation.

                                    SECTION 5
                                   ELIGIBILITY

5.1     The  individuals  who shall be eligible to participate in the Plan shall
        be officers, management, and such other key Employees and Consultants of
        the  Company and  Subsidiaries  as the  Committee  may from time to time
        determine.

5.2     Directors of the Company who are not  employees of the Company  shall be
        eligible to participate in the Plan as provided in Section 7.

5.3     An Employee, Consultant or Non-Employee Director who has been granted an
        Award in one year shall not necessarily be entitled to be granted Awards
        in subsequent years.

                                       4
<PAGE>


                                    SECTION 6
                       SHARES OF STOCK SUBJECT TO THE PLAN

6.1     Awards may be granted with respect to the Common Stock of the Company.

6.2     Shares  delivered  upon  exercise of the Awards,  at the election of the
        Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company,  may be  Common  Stock  that  is
        authorized but previously unissued,  or stock reacquired by the Company,
        or both.

6.3     Subject to the  provisions  of Section 18, the maximum  number of shares
        available for issuance under the Plan shall be not more than  10,000,000
        shares,  subject to  adjustment as provided in Section 18.2 in the event
        of any reclassification,  stock split, combination of shares, separation
        (including  a spin-off),  dividend on shares of Common Stock  payable in
        stock or other similar change in capitalization. The number of shares of
        Common  Stock  reserved  under the Plan shall not be less than the total
        number of shares  granted,  whether  exercised  or  unexercised  for all
        Awards under the Plan.

6.4     Any shares of Common Stock awarded  under the Plan,  which Award for any
        reason  expires or is terminated  unexercised  as to such shares,  shall
        again be  available  for the  grant  of other  Awards  under  the  Plan;
        provided,  however,  that forfeited shares or other securities shall not
        be available for further Awards if the Grantee has realized any benefits
        of ownership from such shares.


                                    SECTION 7
                          NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR AWARDS

7.1     The Board may grant NQSOs to Non-Employee  Directors in such amounts and
        at such times as the Board may determine.

7.2     Each option granted to a  Non-Employee  Director shall be exercisable in
        full one year after the date of grant.

7.3     Each option granted to a Non-Employee Director may not be exercised more
        than 10 years  after the date such  option is  granted  and such  option
        shall expire on such date unless  sooner  exercised or cancelled  due to
        termination of service or death.

7.4     Upon the  termination  of  directorship,  such  Non-Employee  Director's
        option  privileges shall be limited to the shares which were immediately
        purchasable at the date of such  termination of  directorship  and shall
        expire unless  exercised on or before the second annual  anniversary  of
        the date of such termination of directorship.

7.5     If a Non-Employee  Director dies while a member of the Board, his or her
        option shall become fully  exercisable  and shall remain  exercisable by
        such Non-Employee Director's estate (or other successor) until the first
        annual anniversary date of death, at which time they shall expire.

                                       5
<PAGE>


                                    SECTION 8
                                  STOCK OPTIONS

8.1     The Committee may grant Options, as follows, which shall be evidenced by
        a stock  option  agreement  and may be  designated  as (i) NQSOs or (ii)
        ISOs:

        (a)     NQSOS

                (i)     A NQSO is a right to  purchase  a  specified  number  of
                        shares of Common Stock during such time as the Committee
                        may  determine,  not to  exceed  ten  years,  at a price
                        determined  by the  Committee  that is not less than the
                        par value per  share of each  share of Common  Stock for
                        which the option is granted.

                (ii)    The purchase  price of the Common  Stock  subject to the
                        NQSO  may be  paid in  cash.  At the  discretion  of the
                        Committee,  the  purchase  price may also be paid by the
                        tender  of Common  Stock or  through  a  combination  of
                        Common Stock and cash or through such other means as the
                        Committee  determines  are  consistent  with the  Plan's
                        purpose  and  applicable  law. No  fractional  shares of
                        Common Stock will be issued or accepted.

                (iii)   No NQSO may be  exercised  more than 10 years  after the
                        date the NQSO is granted.

                (iv)    Without limiting the foregoing,  to the extent permitted
                        by law (including relevant state law):

                        A.      the  Committee  may agree to accept,  as full or
                                partial  payment of the purchase price of Common
                                Stock  issued upon the  exercise of the NQSO,  a
                                promissory  note of the  person  exercising  the
                                NQSO evidencing the person's  obligation to make
                                future  cash  payments  to  the  Company,  which
                                promissory  note shall be payable as  determined
                                by the Company  (but in no event later than five
                                years after the date thereof),  shall be secured
                                by a  pledge  of  the  shares  of  Common  Stock
                                purchased  and  shall  bear  interest  at a rate
                                established by the Committee; and

                        B.      the Committee  may permit the person  exercising
                                the NQSO,  either on a  selective  or  aggregate
                                basis, to  simultaneously  exercise the NQSO and
                                sell  the  shares  of  Common  Stock   acquired,
                                pursuant to a brokerage  or similar  arrangement
                                approved  in advance by the  Committee,  and use
                                the  proceeds   from  sale  as  payment  of  the
                                exercise price of the NQSO.

                                       6
<PAGE>


                (v)     if the option is not exercised it will be canceled.

        (b)     ISOS

                (i)     No ISO may be  granted  under the Plan to an  individual
                        who is not an Employee.

                (ii)    The aggregate Fair Market Value  (determined at the time
                        of the grant of the Award) of the shares of Common Stock
                        subject to ISOs which are  exercisable  by a Grantee for
                        the first time during a particular  calendar  year shall
                        not exceed $100,000.  To the extent that ISOs granted to
                        a  Grantee  exceed  the  limitation  set  forth  in  the
                        preceding  sentence,  ISOs granted last shall be treated
                        as NQSOs.

                (iii)   No ISO may be exercisable more than:

                        A.      in  the  case  of a  Grantee  who  is  not a Ten
                                Percent  Shareholder,  on the  date  the  ISO is
                                granted,  ten  years  after  the date the ISO is
                                granted; and

                        B.      in the case of a  Grantee  who is a Ten  Percent
                                Shareholder,  on the  date  the ISO is  granted,
                                five years after the date the ISO is granted.

                (iv)    The exercise price of any ISO shall be determined by the
                        Committee and shall not be less than:

                        A.      in  the  case  of a  Grantee  who  is  not a Ten
                                Percent  Shareholder  on  the  date  the  ISO is
                                granted,  the Fair  Market  Value of the  Common
                                Stock subject to the ISO on such date; and

                        B.      in the case of an employee  who is a Ten Percent
                                Shareholder on the date the ISO is granted,  not
                                less than 110 percent of the Fair  Market  Value
                                of the Common  Stock  subject to the ISO on such
                                date.

                (v)     The Committee may provide that the option price under an
                        ISO may be paid by one or more of the methods  available
                        for  paying  the  option  price of an NQSO  per  Section
                        8.1(a)(iv).

8.2     The Committee shall specify in the stock option agreement the terms upon
        which the Options shall become exercisable.

8.3     The aggregate  number of shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to
        ISOs shall not exceed 7,000,000 shares,  except in the event of a change
        in capitalization as described in Section 18.2.

                                       7
<PAGE>


                                    SECTION 9
                            STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS

9.1     The amount  payable  with respect to each SAR shall be equal in value to
        the  applicable  percentage  of the  excess,  if any, of the Fair Market
        Value of a share of Common Stock on the exercise  date over the exercise
        price of the SAR. The exercise  price of the SAR shall be  determined by
        the Committee and shall not be less than 50% of the Fair Market Value of
        a share of  Common  Stock on the  date the SAR is  granted.  SARs may be
        granted  in tandem  with an Option in which  event the  Grantee  has the
        right to elect to  exercise  either  the SAR or the  Option.  Upon their
        election  to  exercise  one  of  these   Awards,   the  other  Award  is
        subsequently  terminated.  SARs may also be  granted  as an  independent
        Award.

9.2     In the case of an SAR granted in tandem  with an ISO to an employee  who
        is a Ten  Percent  Shareholder  on the date of such  grant,  the  amount
        payable  with  respect  to each  SAR  shall  be  equal  in  value to the
        applicable percentage of the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of
        a share of Common Stock on the exercise date over the exercise  price of
        the SAR,  which exercise price shall not be less than 110 percent of the
        Fair  Market  Value  of a share of  Common  Stock on the date the SAR is
        granted.

9.3     The applicable percentage and exercise price shall be established by the
        Committee at the time the SAR is granted.


                                   SECTION 10
                                RESTRICTED STOCK

10.1    Restricted  Stock is  Common  Stock of the  Company  that is issued to a
        Grantee at a price determined by the Committee, which price may be zero,
        and  is  subject  to   restrictions   on  transfer   and/or  such  other
        restrictions on incidents of ownership as the Committee may determine.

10.2    The Committee  shall specify in the Award agreement the terms upon which
        such shares of Common Stock granted to a Grantee as an Award shall vest;
        provided,  however,  that the  Grantee  continues  to be employed by the
        Company on such date.

10.3    The Committee may, in its discretion, provide for accelerated vesting of
        Restricted Stock upon the achievement of specified  performance goals to
        be determined by the Committee.

10.4    Grantee may make the election under Section 83(b) of the Code.

                                   SECTION 11
                               PERFORMANCE AWARDS

11.1    A Performance Award granted under the Plan:

                                       8
<PAGE>


        (a)     may be denominated or payable in cash, Common Stock,  Restricted
                Stock, other securities, or other Awards; and

        (b)     shall  confer  on  the  holder  thereof  the  right  to  receive
                payments,  in  whole or in part,  upon the  achievement  of such
                performance  goals  during  such  performance   periods  as  the
                Committee shall establish.

11.2    Subject to the terms of the Plan and any applicable Award agreement, the
        performance  goals to be achieved  during any  performance  period,  the
        length of any performance  period,  the amount of any Performance  Award
        granted and the amount of any payment or transfer to be made pursuant to
        any  Performance  Award  shall  be  determined  by the  Committee.  Such
        performance  goals that the  Committee  may select are  earnings  before
        interest and taxes, net income, gross sales,  earnings per share, return
        on  equity,  return on  investment,  economic  value  added,  divisional
        performance goals, etc.

                                   SECTION 12
                       OTHER STOCK-BASED INCENTIVE AWARDS

12.1    The  Committee  may from time to time grant  Awards under this Plan that
        provide a Grantee the right to purchase  Common  Stock or units that are
        valued  by  reference  to the  Fair  Market  Value of the  Common  Stock
        (including,   but  not  limited  to,  phantom   securities  or  dividend
        equivalents)  or  to  receive  Deferred  Shares  which  are  stock-based
        incentive  grants in lieu of a cash  deferral  of  bonuses.  Such Awards
        shall be in a form  determined by the  Committee  (and may include terms
        contingent upon a change of control of the Company);  provided that such
        Awards  shall not be  inconsistent  with the terms and  purposes  of the
        Plan.

12.2    The Committee  shall determine the price of any Award and may accept any
        lawful consideration.

                                   SECTION 13
                               EXERCISE OF OPTIONS

13.1    The  Committee  may provide for the exercise of Options in  installments
        and upon such terms,  conditions  and  restrictions  as it may determine
        subject to applicable law and the other requirements of this Plan.

13.2    The  Committee may provide for  termination  of an Option in the case of
        termination of employment or directorship or any other reason.

13.3    An Option granted  hereunder shall be exercisable,  in whole or in part,
        only by written  notice  delivered in person or by mail to the Secretary
        of the Company at its principal office,  specifying the number of shares
        of Common Stock to be purchased and  accompanied by payment  thereof and
        otherwise  in  accordance  with the stock option  agreement  pursuant to
        which the Option was granted.

                                       9
<PAGE>


                                   SECTION 14
                     RIGHTS IN EVENT OF DEATH OR DISABILITY

14.1    If  a  Grantee  dies  or  becomes  subject  to  a  Disability  prior  to
        termination of his or her right to exercise an Option in accordance with
        the  provisions  of his or her stock  option  agreement  without  having
        totally  exercised  the Option,  the stock option  agreement may provide
        that the Option may be  exercised,  to the extent  that the shares  with
        respect to the Option  could have been  exercised  by the Grantee on the
        date of his or her  death or  Disability,  by (i),  in the  event of the
        Grantee's  death, the Grantee's estate or by the person who acquired the
        right to exercise the Option by bequest or  inheritance  or (ii), in the
        event of the  Grantee's  Disability,  the Grantee or his or her personal
        representative.

14.2    In the event of the Grantee's death or Disability,  the Option shall not
        be exercisable  after the date of its expiration or more than six months
        from the date of the  Grantee's  death or  Disability,  whichever  first
        occurs.

14.3    The  date  of  Disability  of a  Grantee  shall  be  determined  by  the
        Committee.

                                   SECTION 15
                                AWARD AGREEMENTS

15.1    Each  Award  granted  under  the  Plan  shall be  evidenced  by an award
        agreement  between  the  Grantee  to whom the Award is  granted  and the
        Company,  setting forth the number of shares of Common  Stock,  SARs, or
        units  subject  to  the  Award  and  such  other  terms  and  conditions
        applicable to the Award not inconsistent  with the Plan as the Committee
        may deem appropriate.

15.2    The award  agreement  for an Option shall also be referred to as a stock
        option agreement.

                                   SECTION 16
                                 TAX WITHHOLDING

16.1    The Committee may  establish  such rules and  procedures as it considers
        desirable in order to satisfy any  obligation of the Company to withhold
        federal income taxes or other taxes with respect to any Award made under
        the Plan. Such rules and procedures may provide:

        (a)     in the case of  Awards  paid in  shares  of  Common  Stock,  the
                Company may withhold shares of Common Stock  otherwise  issuable
                upon  exercise  of such  Award in order to  satisfy  withholding
                obligations,  unless  otherwise  instructed  by the  Grantee  or
                unless the Committee  determines otherwise at the time of Grant;
                and

        (b)     in the case of an  Award  paid in  cash,  that  the  withholding
                obligation  shall be satisfied  by  withholding  the  applicable
                amount and paying the net amount in cash

                                       10
<PAGE>


                to the Grantee;  provided that the requirements of the Rules, to
                the extent  applicable,  must be  satisfied  with  regard to any
                withholding pursuant to clause (a).


                                   SECTION 17
                                CHANGE OF CONTROL

17.1    For the purpose of the Plan,  a "Change of  Control"  shall be deemed to
        have occurred if:

        (a)     the Company is merged or consolidated  with another  corporation
                and as a result of such merger or consolidation less than 50% of
                the outstanding  voting securities of the surviving or resulting
                corporation   are  owned  in  the   aggregate   by  the   former
                shareholders of the Company;

        (b)     the Company sells,  leases or exchanges all or substantially all
                of  its   assets  to  another   corporation,   which  is  not  a
                wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company;

        (c)     any person or "group" within the meaning of Section  13(d)(3) of
                the Exchange Act acquires  (together  with voting  securities of
                the Company  held by such person or "group")  50% or more of the
                outstanding  voting securities of the Company (whether directly,
                indirectly,   beneficially   or  of  record)   pursuant  to  any
                transaction or combination of transactions;

        (d)     there is a change of  control of the  Company  of a nature  that
                would be  required  to be  reported  in response to Item 6(e) of
                Schedule 14A of Regulation  14A  promulgated  under the Exchange
                Act,  whether  or not  the  Company  is  then  subject  to  such
                reporting requirements; or

        (e)     the  individuals  who, at the  beginning of any period of twelve
                consecutive  months,  constituted the Board of Directors  cease,
                for any  reason,  to  constitute  at least a  majority  thereof,
                unless the  nomination for election or election by the Company's
                shareholders of each new Director of the Company was approved by
                a vote of at least  two-thirds  of the  Directors  then still in
                office who either were Directors at the beginning of such period
                or whose  election or nomination  for election was previously so
                approved.

17.2    In the  event  of a Change  of  Control  affecting  the  Company,  then,
        notwithstanding  any  provision of the Plan or of any  provisions of any
        Award agreements entered into between the Company and any Grantee to the
        contrary,  all Awards  that have not  expired and which are then held by
        any  Grantee  (or the person or persons to whom any  deceased  Grantee's
        rights  have been  transferred)  shall,  as of such  Change of  Control,
        become fully and immediately vested and exercisable and may be exercised
        for the remaining term of such Awards.

                                       11
<PAGE>


                                   SECTION 18
                          DILUTION OR OTHER ADJUSTMENT

18.1    If the Company is a party to any merger or  consolidation,  or undergoes
        any merger, consolidation,  separation,  reorganization,  liquidation or
        the like, the Committee shall have the power to make arrangements, which
        shall  be  binding  upon  the  holders  of  unexpired  Awards,  for  the
        substitution of new Awards for, or the assumption by another corporation
        of, any unexpired Awards then outstanding hereunder.

18.2    In the event of a reclassification,  stock split, combination of shares,
        separation  (including  a  spin-off),  dividend  on shares of the Common
        Stock payable in stock or other similar change in  capitalization  or in
        the  corporate  structure of shares of the Common  Stock,  the Committee
        shall  conclusively  determine the appropriate  adjustment in the option
        prices of  outstanding  Options,  and the  number  and kind of shares or
        other  securities as to which  outstanding  Awards shall be exercisable,
        and in the  aggregate  number of shares with respect to which Awards may
        be granted.

18.3    The number of shares  reserved under the Plan shall adjust as the number
        of shares of Common  Stock  increases as provided in Section 6.3 of this
        Plan.


                                   SECTION 19
                                 TRANSFERABILITY

19.1    No  Award,  other  than an  NQSO,  shall  be  sold,  pledged,  assigned,
        transferred,  or  encumbered  by a Grantee  other than by will or by the
        laws of descent and distribution.

19.2    Only an NQSO may be  pledged,  assigned,  transferred,  or  gifted  by a
        Grantee  to  another  individual  provided  that  the  NQSO is  pledged,
        assigned,  transferred  or gifted  without  consideration  by a Grantee,
        subject to such rules as the Committee may adopt, to (i) a member of the
        Grantee's  immediate family,  (ii) a trust solely for the benefit of the
        Grantee  and his or her  immediate  family  or  (iii) a  partnership  or
        limited liability company whose only partners or members are the Grantee
        and  his  or  her  Immediate  Family  (hereinafter  referred  to as  the
        Permitted  Transferee);  provided  that the  Committee  is  notified  in
        advance in writing of the terms and  conditions of any proposed  pledge,
        assignment,  transfer,  or gift and the Committee  determines  that such
        pledge,  assignment,  transfer or gift complies with the requirements of
        the Plan and the applicable Award agreement.

19.3    Any pledge, assignment or gift of an Award that does not comply with the
        provisions of the Plan and the applicable  Award agreement shall be void
        and unenforceable against the Company.

19.4    All terms and conditions of a pledged,  assigned,  transferred or gifted
        Award  shall  apply to the  beneficiary,  executor,  administrator,  and
        Permitted Transferee, whether one or more, of the Grantee (including the
        beneficiary,  executor  and  administrator  of a permitted  transferee),
        including the right to amend the applicable  Award  agreement;  provided
        that

                                       12
<PAGE>


        the Permitted Transferee shall not pledge, assign,  transfer, or gift an
        Award other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.


                                   SECTION 20
                            AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION

20.1    The  Committee  may at any time amend,  suspend or  terminate  the Plan;
        provided, that:

        (a)     no change in any Awards  previously  granted may be made without
                the consent of the holder thereof; and

        (b)     no amendment,  other than an amendment  authorized by Section 18
                or Section 6.3, may be made  increasing the aggregate  number of
                shares of the  Common  Stock  with  respect to which ISOs may be
                granted,  or changing the class of employees eligible to receive
                ISOs  hereunder,  without  the  approval  of  the  holders  of a
                majority of the outstanding voting shares of the Company.

                                   SECTION 21
                               GENERAL PROVISIONS

21.1    No Awards  may be  exercised  by a  Grantee  if such  exercise,  and the
        receipt of cash or stock thereunder, would be, in the opinion of counsel
        selected by the Company,  contrary to law or the regulations of any duly
        constituted authority having jurisdiction over the Plan.

21.2    A bona fide leave of absence approved by a duly  constituted  officer of
        the Company  shall not be  considered  interruption  or  termination  of
        service of any  Grantee for any  purposes of the Plan or Awards  granted
        thereunder, except that no Awards may be granted to an Employee while he
        or she is on a bona fide leave of absence.

21.3    No Grantee  shall have any rights as a  shareholder  with respect to any
        shares  subject to Awards  granted to him or her under the Plan prior to
        the date as of which he or she is  actually  recorded  as the  holder of
        such shares upon the stock records of the Company.

21.4    Nothing  contained  in  the  Plan  or  in  an  Award  agreement  granted
        thereunder  shall  confer upon any Grantee any right to (i)  continue in
        the employ of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or continue serving
        on the Board of  Directors  of the Company or (ii)  interfere in any way
        with the right of the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries  to  terminate
        the Grantee's employment at any time or service on the Board.

21.5    Any Award  agreement  may provide that stock issued upon exercise of any
        Awards  may  be  subject  to  such  restrictions,   including,   without
        limitation,   restrictions  as  to   transferability   and  restrictions
        constituting  substantial  risks  of  forfeiture  as the  Committee  may
        determine at the time such Award is granted.

                                       13
<PAGE>


                                   SECTION 22
                               PLAN EFFECTIVE DATE

22.1    The Plan shall become effective on the date of its adoption by the Board
        of  Directors  of the  Company  subject to  approval  of the Plan by the
        holders of a majority of the  outstanding  voting  shares of the Company
        within twelve (12) months after the date of the Plan's  adoption by said
        Board  of  Directors.  In  the  event  of the  failure  to  obtain  such
        shareholder approval, the Plan and any Awards granted thereunder,  shall
        be null and void and the Company shall have no liability thereunder.

22.2    No  Award  granted  under  the  Plan  shall be  exercisable  until  such
        shareholder approval has been obtained.


                                   SECTION 23
                                PLAN TERMINATION

23.1    No Award may be granted under the Plan on or after the date which is ten
        years following the effective date specified in Section 22.1, but Awards
        previously granted may be exercised in accordance with their terms.


                                       14
<PAGE>


                          GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.

                           2004 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN


<PAGE>


                        INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT


       THIS AGREEMENT made effective as of ____________, 2004 (the "GRANT DATE")
between Gridline  Communications  Corp., a Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY"),
and ___________ (the "OPTION  HOLDER")  relating to an option to purchase shares
of the Company's common stock, par value [$0.001] per share ("COMMON STOCK").

       1.     GRANT OF  OPTION.  Subject  to the  terms and  conditions  of this
Agreement and the Company's 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the "PLAN"), the Company
hereby grants to the Option Holder an option (the "OPTION") to purchase ________
shares of Common Stock at a price per share of $________  (the "OPTION  PRICE").
The Option shall be exercisable  as set forth in EXHIBIT A attached  hereto (the
"VESTING SCHEDULE"). Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
the Vesting  Schedule is subject to Section 4 herein and the Board of Directors,
in its sole discretion,  may waive the Vesting Schedule and, upon written notice
to the Option Holder,  accelerate the earliest date or dates in which any of the
Options granted  hereunder are  exercisable.  This Agreement and the purchase of
the shares of Common Stock  hereunder is intended and should be  interpreted  to
qualify as an Incentive  Stock Option as that term is used in Section 422 of the
Internal  Revenue  Code of 1986,  as it may be  amended  from  time to time (the
"INTERNAL  REVENUE  CODE"),  and any  provisions  of this  Agreement  are hereby
amended in their  entirety to any extent  necessary  to permit all Common  Stock
purchased  hereunder to qualify for  treatment as such under  Section 422 of the
Internal Revenue Code.

       2.     METHOD FOR EXERCISING THE OPTION. The vested portion of the Option
may be  exercised  in whole or in part only by  delivery  in  person or  through
certified or registered mail to the Company at its principal  office in Houston,
Texas (attention:  Corporate  Secretary) of written notice specifying the Option
that is being exercised and the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to
which the Option is being  exercised.  The notice must be accompanied by payment
of the total Option Price.

       The total Option  Price for the Common  Stock to be acquired  pursuant to
the  Option  shall  be  paid  in full  by any of the  following  methods  or any
combination of the following methods:

              (a)    In cash or by  certified  or  cashier's  check  payable  to
Gridline Communications Corp.

              (b)    The  delivery to the Company of  certificates  representing
the  number of shares of Common  Stock  then  owned by the  Option  Holder,  the
Designated  Value (defined below) of which equals the Option Price of the Common
Stock purchased  pursuant to the Option,  properly  endorsed for transfer to the
Company. (For purposes of this Agreement,  the Designated Value of any shares of
Common  Stock  delivered  in payment of the Option  Price upon  exercise  of the
Option shall be the  Designated  Value as of the exercise date, and the exercise
date shall be the day of delivery of the  certificates for the Common Stock used
as payment of the Option Price);

              (c)    The delivery to the Company of a properly  executed  notice
of  exercise  together  with  irrevocable  instructions  to a broker to  deliver
promptly to the Company, in

<PAGE>


payment of the Option  Price,  the  amount of the cash  proceeds  of the sale of
shares  of  Common  Stock  or a  loan  from  the  broker  to the  Option  Holder
sufficient, in each case, to pay the Option Price, and in a form satisfactory to
the Corporate Secretary; or

              (d)    The  delivery to the Company of  sufficient  Options  under
this Agreement,  properly  endorsed for transfer to the Company,  having a value
(determined  by  subtracting  the  Option  Price  from  the  Designated   Value)
sufficient  to pay the Option  Price with  respect to other  Options  under this
Agreement to be exercised.

              Upon such  notice to the  Corporate  Secretary  and payment of the
total Option Price,  the exercise of the Option shall be deemed to be effective,
and a properly  executed  certificate or  certificates  representing  the Common
Stock so  purchased  shall be issued by the Company and  delivered to the Option
Holder.

       For purposes of this Agreement,  the "DESIGNATED  VALUE" of the shares of
Common  Stock on a given date  shall  mean (i) if the Common  Stock is listed or
admitted for trading on any national  securities exchange or the National Market
System  of the  National  Association  of  Securities  Dealers,  Inc.  Automated
Quotation System, the last sale price, or if no sale occurred,  the mean between
the closing high bid and low asked  quotations for such date of the Common Stock
on the principal securities exchange on which shares of Common Stock are listed,
(ii) if Common  Stock is not traded on any national  securities  exchange but is
quoted  on the  National  Association  of  Securities  Dealers,  Inc.  Automated
Operations  System,  or  any  similar  system  of  automated   dissemination  of
quotations or securities prices in common use, the mean between the closing high
bid and low asked  quotations  for such day of the Common  Stock on such system,
(iii) if neither  clause (i) nor (ii) is  applicable,  the mean between the high
bid and low asked  quotations  for the Common  Stock as reported by the National
Quotation Bureau  Incorporated if at least two securities  dealers have inserted
both bid and asked quotations for shares of the Common Stock on at least five of
the ten  preceding  days, or (iv) if none of the  conditions  set forth above is
met, the fair market value of shares of Common Stock as determined by the Board.
Provided, for purposes of determining "fair market value" of the Common Stock of
the Company,  such value shall be determined  without regard to any  restriction
other than a  restriction  which will never  lapse.  In no event  shall the fair
market value of the Common Stock be less than its par value.

       3.     ADJUSTMENT OF THE OPTION.

              (a)    ADJUSTMENT BY STOCK SPLIT,  STOCK DIVIDEND,  ETC. If at any
time the Company increases or decreases the number of its outstanding  shares of
Common  Stock,  or changes in any way the  rights and  privileges  of its Common
Stock,  by means of the  payment of a stock  dividend or the making of any other
distribution on such shares payable in Common Stock, or through a stock split or
subdivision  of shares of Common Stock,  or a  consolidation  or  combination of
shares of  Common  Stock,  or  through a  reclassification  or  recapitalization
involving the Common Stock, the numbers,  rights and privileges of the shares of
Common Stock included in the Option shall be increased,  decreased or changed in
like manner as if such shares of Common  Stock had been issued and  outstanding,
fully paid and non-assessable at the time of such occurrence.

                                       2
<PAGE>


              (b)    OTHER  CHANGES IN STOCK.  In the event  there  shall be any
change,  other than as specified in the preceding subsection 3(a), in the number
or kind  of  outstanding  shares  of  Common  Stock  or of any  stock  or  other
securities  into which the Common  Stock  shall be changed or for which it shall
have been exchanged,  then and if the Board of Directors of the Company shall in
its discretion  determine that such change  equitably  requires an adjustment in
the number or kind of shares subject to the Option,  such  adjustments  shall be
made by the Board of Directors  and shall be effective  for all purposes of this
Agreement.

              (c)    APPORTIONMENT   OF  OPTION  PRICE.   Upon  any   occurrence
described in the preceding  subsections 3(a) and (b), the aggregate Option Price
for the shares of Common Stock then subject to the Option shall remain unchanged
and shall be  apportioned  ratably over the  increased  or  decreased  number or
changed kinds of securities or other properties subject to the Option.

       4.     CHANGE OF CONTROL; CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS.

              (a)    Unless  otherwise  agreed by the parties  involved,  in the
event of a Change of Control (as defined in the Plan), all outstanding  Options,
whether  exercisable or not, shall  immediately  vest and become  exercisable in
accordance with Section 17.2 of the Plan.

              (b)    If the  Company  recapitalizes  or  otherwise  changes  its
capital structure, or merges, consolidates, sells all of its assets or dissolves
and such  transaction  is not a Change  of  Control,  then  thereafter  upon any
exercise of the Option  hereunder,  the  Optionee  shall be entitled to purchase
under the  Option,  in lieu of the number of shares of Common  Stock  covered by
this  Option  then  exercisable,  the  number  and  class of shares of stock and
securities to which the Optionee would have been entitled  pursuant to the terms
of the agreement of merger,  consolidation,  sale of assets or dissolution,  if,
immediately prior to such agreement of merger, consolidation,  sale of assets or
dissolution,  the Optionee had been the holder of record of the number of shares
of Common Stock as to which the Option is then exercisable.

       5.     EXPIRATION AND TERMINATION OF THE OPTION.  The Option shall expire
at 5:00 p.m.  Houston,  Texas,  time on the fifth  anniversary of the Grant Date
(the period from the date of this Agreement to the expiration date is defined as
the "OPTION PERIOD") or prior to such time as follows:

              (a)    Upon  termination  of the  employment  of the Option Holder
with the Company for any reason other than death or  termination  by the Company
without  "Cause"  (as  defined in the  Employment  Agreement  between the Option
Holder and the Company),  the Options  exercisable as of the date of termination
may be  exercised  by Option  Holder  within  three months after the date of the
termination  of employment of the Option Holder with the Company  (provided such
Options are exercised prior to their expiration date).

              (b)    Upon  termination  of the  employment  of the Option Holder
with the  Company  by reason  of the death of the  Option  Holder,  the  Options
exercisable as of the date of the Option  Holder's death may be exercised by the
Option  Holder's  estate or by the person who acquired the right to exercise the
Option by bequest or inheritance. Such Options shall not be

                                       3
<PAGE>


exercisable  after the date they expire or more than six months from the date of
the Option Holder's death, whichever first occurs.

              (c)    Upon  termination  of the  employment  of the Option Holder
with the Company by the Company  without  "Cause" (as defined in the  Employment
Agreement  between the Option Holder and the Company) all  outstanding  Options,
whether  exercisable or not, shall immediately vest and become exercisable as of
the date of  termination  and may be exercised by the Option Holder within three
months after the date of  termination  of employment  (provided such Options are
exercised prior to their expiration date).

       6.     TRANSFERABILITY.  The Option may not be transferred except by will
or pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution, and it shall be exercisable
during the Option  Holder's life only by him, or in the event of his  disability
or incapacity, by his personal representative,  and after his death, only by his
estate or by the person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by bequest
or inheritance.

       7.     COMPLIANCE  WITH  SECURITIES  LAWS.  Upon the  acquisition  of any
shares pursuant to the exercise of the Option herein  granted,  Option holder or
any  person   acting   under   Section   5(b)  will  enter  into  such   written
representations, warranties and agreements as the Company may reasonably request
in order to comply with applicable securities laws or with this Agreement.

       8.     LEGENDS ON CERTIFICATES.  The Certificates representing the shares
of Common Stock  purchased by exercise of an Option will be stamped or otherwise
imprinted  with  legends in such form as the  Company or its counsel may require
with respect to any  applicable  restrictions  on sale or transfer and the stock
transfer  records of the Company will reflect  stop-transfer  instructions  with
respect to such shares.

       9.     WITHHOLDING.

              (a)    ARRANGEMENT  FOR  WITHHOLDING.  The  Option  Holder  hereby
agrees to make  appropriate  arrangements  with the  Company to provide  for the
amount  of  additional  tax  withholding  under  Sections  3102  and 3402 of the
Internal  Revenue Code and  applicable  state income tax laws resulting from the
exercise  of the  Option.  If such  arrangements  are not made,  the Company may
refuse to issue any Common Stock to the Option Holder.

              (b)    WITHHOLDING  ELECTION.  The Option  Holder may elect to pay
all such  amounts  of tax  withholding,  or any part  thereof,  by  electing  to
transfer to the Company,  or to have the Company  withhold from shares otherwise
issuable to the Option  Holder,  shares of Common  Stock having a value equal to
the amount  required to be  withheld or such lesser  amount as may be elected by
the Option Holder. All elections shall be subject to the approval or disapproval
of the Board of  Directors.  The value of shares of Common  Stock to be withheld
shall be based on the Designated  Value of the Common Stock on the date that the
amount of tax to be  withheld is to be  determined  (the "TAX  DATE").  Any such
election by the Option  Holder to have shares of Common Stock  withheld for this
purpose will be subject to the following restrictions:

                                       4
<PAGE>


                     (i)    All elections must be made prior to the Tax Date.

                     (ii)   All elections shall be irrevocable.

                     (iii)  If the Option  Holder is an officer or  director  of
the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the  Securities  Exchange Act of
1934,  as  amended,   ("SECTION   16"),  the  Option  Holder  must  satisfy  the
requirements of such Section 16 and any applicable rules thereunder with respect
to the use of Common  Stock as  consideration  to satisfy  such tax  withholding
obligation.

       11.    MISCELLANEOUS.

              (a)    NOTICES. Any notice required or permitted to be given under
this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given by first class  registered
or certified mail,  postage prepaid,  or by personal delivery to the appropriate
party, addressed:

                     (i)    If to the Company,  to the Company at its  principal
place of business as of the date hereof, 14505 Torrey Chase, Suite 400, Houston,
Texas 77014  (Attention:  Corporate  Secretary)  or at such other address as may
have been furnished to the Option Holder in writing by the Company; or

                     (ii)   If to the Option Holder, to the Option Holder at his
address  on file with the  Company  or at such  other  address  as may have been
furnished to the Company by the Option Holder.

              Any such  notice  shall be  deemed  to have  been  given as of the
fourth day after deposit in the United States Postal Service,  postage  prepaid,
properly  addressed as set forth above,  in the case of mailed notice,  or as of
the date delivered in the case of personal delivery.

              (b)    AMENDMENT.  The Board of Directors may make any  adjustment
in the Option  Price,  the number of shares of Common  Stock  subject to, or the
terms of the Option by amendment or by  substitution  of an outstanding  Option.
Such amendment or  substitution  may result in terms and  conditions  (including
Option Price, the number of shares of Common Stock covered,  Vesting Schedule or
Option  Period) that differ from the terms and  conditions  of this Option.  The
Board of Directors may not,  however,  adversely affect the rights of the Option
Holder without the consent of the Option Holder.  If such action is effective by
amendment, the effective date of such amendment will be the date of the original
grant of this  Option.  Except as provided  herein,  this  Agreement  may not be
amended or  otherwise  modified  unless  evidenced  in writing and signed by the
Company and the Option Holder.

              (c)    SEVERABILITY.  The  invalidity or  unenforceability  of any
provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or  enforceability  of
any  other  provision  of this  Agreement,  and  each  other  provision  of this
Agreement shall be severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law.

              (d)    WAIVER.  Any provision  contained in this  Agreement may be
waived, either generally or in any particular instance, by the Company.

                                       5
<PAGE>


              (e)    BINDING  EFFECT.  This Agreement  shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the Company and the Option  Holder and their  respective
heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives, successors and assigns.

              (f)    RIGHTS TO EMPLOYMENT.  Nothing  contained in this Agreement
shall be construed  as giving the Option  Holder any right to be retained in the
employ of the Company and this  Agreement  is limited  solely to  governing  the
rights and obligations of the Option Holder with respect to the Common Stock and
the Option.

              (g)    GENDER AND NUMBER.  Except when otherwise  indicated by the
context,  the masculine gender shall also include the feminine  gender,  and the
definition of any term herein in the singular shall also include the plural.

              (h)    GOVERNING  LAW.  This  Agreement  shall be  governed by and
construed in accordance  with the laws of the State of Delaware  without  giving
effect to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.


                                       6
<PAGE>


       IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties have executed this  Agreement as of the
day and year first above written.


                            GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.



                            By:
                               -------------------------------------------------
                            Printed Name:
                                         ---------------------------------------
                            Title:
                                  ----------------------------------------------


                            OPTION HOLDER



                            Printed Name:
                                         ---------------------------------------


                                       7
<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT A
                                VESTING SCHEDULE
                                 (FOR EMPLOYEES)

         CONDITIONS TO VESTING                                AMOUNT EXERCISABLE

- -------------------------------- --------------- -------------------------------
Upon the continuous employment                    Cumulative proportion of
of Option Holder by the Company                   the Stock as to all or part
from the grant date through the                   of which the Option can be
applicable date indicated below:                  exercised after satisfaction
                                                  of the respective conditions
                                                  to vesting:


- -------------------------------- --------------- -------------------------------

1.  The First Anniversary of                              50 percent
    the Grant Date
- -------------------------------- --------------- -------------------------------

2.  The Second Anniversary of                            100 percent
    the Grant Date
- -------------------------------- --------------- -------------------------------


                                       8
<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT A
                                VESTING SCHEDULE
                                 (FOR DIRECTORS)

       Any options granted to the Director hereunder shall vest immediately upon
the execution of this Option Agreement by the Company and the Director.



                                       9
<PAGE>


                       NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT


       THIS  AGREEMENT  made  effective  as of  ________________,  2004  between
Gridline  Communications  Corp., a Delaware  corporation  (the  "COMPANY"),  and
_______________  (the "OPTION HOLDER")  relating to an option to purchase shares
of the Company's common stock, par value [$0.001] per share ("COMMON STOCK").

       1.     GRANT OF  OPTION.  Subject  to the  terms and  conditions  of this
Agreement and the Company's 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the "PLAN"), the Company
hereby  grants to the Option  Holder  effective as of  _____________,  2004 (the
"GRANT DATE") an option (the "OPTION") to purchase  ____________shares of Common
Stock. The Option shall be exercisable,  in whole or in part,  during the Option
Period (as  hereinafter  defined) at an exercise price of [$____] per share (the
"OPTION  PRICE").  This Agreement and the purchase of the shares of Common Stock
hereunder  is not  intended  and  should  not be  interpreted  to  qualify as an
Incentive  Stock  Option as that  term is used in  Section  422 of the  Internal
Revenue  Code of 1986,  as it may be  amended  from time to time (the  "INTERNAL
REVENUE CODE").

       2.     METHOD FOR EXERCISING  THE OPTION.  The Option may be exercised in
whole or in part only by delivery in person or through  certified or  registered
mail to the  Company  at its  principal  office in  Houston,  Texas  (attention:
Corporate  Secretary)  of written  notice  specifying  the Option  that is being
exercised  and the number of shares of Common  Stock  with  respect to which the
Option is being  exercised.  The notice  must be  accompanied  by payment of the
total Option Price.

       The total Option  Price for the Common  Stock to be acquired  pursuant to
the  Option  shall  be  paid  in full  by any of the  following  methods  or any
combination of the following methods:

              (a)    In cash or by certified or cashier's  check  payable to the
order of Gridline Communications Corp.;

              (b)    The  delivery to the Company of  certificates  representing
the  number of shares of Common  Stock  then  owned by the  Option  Holder,  the
Designated  Value (defined below) of which equals the Option Price of the Common
Stock purchased  pursuant to the Option,  properly  endorsed for transfer to the
Company;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER, that no Option may be exercised by delivery to the
Company of certificates  representing Common Stock, unless such Common Stock has
been held by the Option  Holder for more than six months.  (For purposes of this
Agreement,  the  Designated  Value of any shares of Common  Stock  delivered  in
payment of the Option Price upon exercise of the Option shall be the  Designated
Value  as of the  exercise  date,  and the  exercise  date  shall  be the day of
delivery of the  certificates for the Common Stock used as payment of the Option
Price); or

              (c)    By delivery to the Company of a properly executed notice of
exercise together with irrevocable  instructions to a broker to deliver promptly
to the Company,  in payment of the Option Price, the amount of the cash proceeds
of the sale of shares of Common

                                       1
<PAGE>

Stock or a loan from the broker to the Option Holder  sufficient,  in each case,
to pay the Option Price, and in a form satisfactory to the Corporate Secretary.

              (d)    By delivery to the Company of sufficient Options,  properly
endorsed  for  transfer to the  Company,  having a value  sufficient  to pay the
Option  Price with respect to the other  Options that are to be exercised  under
this  Agreement.  The value of each Option to be  surrendered  in payment of the
Option  Price  shall be  determined  by  subtracting  the Option  Price from the
Designated  Value as of the date of  receipt  of notice of the  exercise  of the
Options by the Corporate Secretary of the Company.

              Upon such  notice to the  Corporate  Secretary  and payment of the
total Option Price,  the exercise of the Option shall be deemed to be effective,
and a properly  executed  certificate or  certificates  representing  the Common
Stock so  purchased  shall be issued by the Company and  delivered to the Option
Holder.

       For purposes of this Agreement,  the "DESIGNATED  VALUE" of the shares of
Common  Stock on a given date  shall  mean (i) if the Common  Stock is listed or
admitted for trading on any national  securities exchange or the National Market
System  of the  National  Association  of  Securities  Dealers,  Inc.  Automated
Quotation System, the last sale price, or if no sale occurred,  the mean between
the closing high bid and low asked  quotations for such date of the Common Stock
on the principal securities exchange on which shares of Common Stock are listed,
(ii) if Common  Stock is not traded on any national  securities  exchange but is
quoted  on the  National  Association  of  Securities  Dealers,  Inc.  Automated
Operations  System,  or  any  similar  system  of  automated   dissemination  of
quotations or securities prices in common use, the mean between the closing high
bid and low asked  quotations  for such day of the Common  Stock on such system,
(iii) if neither  clause (i) nor (ii) is  applicable,  the mean between the high
bid and low asked  quotations  for the Common  Stock as reported by the National
Quotation Bureau  Incorporated if at least two securities  dealers have inserted
both bid and asked  quotations  for shares of the Common  Stock on at least five
(5) of the ten (10) preceding  days, or (iv) if none of the conditions set forth
above is met, the fair market value of shares of Common Stock as  determined  by
the Board.  Provided,  for purposes of  determining  "fair market  value" of the
Common Stock of the Company,  such value shall be determined  without  regard to
any  restriction  other than a restriction  which will never lapse.  In no event
shall the fair market value of the Common Stock be less than its par value.

       3.     ADJUSTMENT OF THE OPTION.

              (a)    ADJUSTMENT BY STOCK SPLIT,  STOCK DIVIDEND,  ETC. If at any
time the Company increases or decreases the number of its outstanding  shares of
Common  Stock,  or changes in any way the  rights and  privileges  of its Common
Stock,  by means of the  payment of a stock  dividend or the making of any other
distribution on such shares payable in Common Stock, or through a stock split or
subdivision  of shares of Common Stock,  or a  consolidation  or  combination of
shares of  Common  Stock,  or  through a  reclassification  or  recapitalization
involving the Common Stock, the numbers,  rights and privileges of the shares of
Common Stock included in the Option shall be increased,  decreased or changed in
like manner as if such shares of Common  Stock had been issued and  outstanding,
fully paid and non-assessable at the time of such occurrence.

                                       2
<PAGE>


              (b)    DIVIDENDS PAYABLE IN STOCK OF ANOTHER CORPORATION,  ETC. If
at any time the Company  pays or makes any dividend or other  distribution  upon
its Common Stock payable in securities or other property (except money or Common
Stock),  a proportionate  part of such securities or other property shall be set
aside and  delivered  to the Option  Holder upon  issuance  of the Common  Stock
purchased at the time of the exercise of the Option.  The  securities  and other
property  delivered to the Option Holder upon exercise of the Option shall be in
the same ratio to the total  securities  and  property  set aside for the Option
Holder as the number of shares of Common  Stock with respect to which the Option
is then  exercised is to the total shares of Common Stock subject to the Option.
Prior to the time that any such  securities  or other  property are delivered to
the Option Holder in  accordance  with the  foregoing,  the Company shall be the
owner of such  securities or other property and Option Holder shall not have the
right to vote the securities,  receive any dividends payable on such securities,
or in any other respect be treated as the owner. If securities or other property
which have been set aside by the Company in  accordance  with this Section 3 are
not delivered to the Option  Holder  because the Option is not  exercised,  then
such  securities or other  property shall remain the property of the Company and
shall be dealt with by the Company as it shall determine in its sole discretion.

              (c)    OTHER  CHANGES IN STOCK.  In the event  there  shall be any
change,  other than as specified in the preceding  subsections  3(a) and (b), in
the  number or kind of  outstanding  shares  of Common  Stock or of any stock or
other  securities  into which the Common  Stock shall be changed or for which it
shall have been  exchanged,  then and if the Board of  Directors  of the Company
shall in its  discretion  determine  that  such  change  equitably  requires  an
adjustment  in the  number  or  kind  of  shares  subject  to the  Option,  such
adjustments  shall be made by the Board of Directors  and shall be effective for
all purposes as of this Agreement.

              (d)    APPORTIONMENT   OF  OPTION  PRICE.   Upon  any   occurrence
described in the preceding  subsections 3(a), (b), and (c), the aggregate Option
Price for the shares of Common  Stock then  subject to the Option  shall  remain
unchanged  and shall be  apportioned  ratably  over the  increased  or decreased
number or changed kinds of securities or other properties subject to the Option.

       4.     CHANGE  OF   CONTROL;   TERMINATION   WITHOUT   CAUSE;   CORPORATE
TRANSACTIONS.

              (a)    In the  event of a Change of  Control  (as  defined  in the
Plan), all outstanding  Options,  whether  exercisable or not, shall immediately
become exercisable in accordance with Section 17.2 of the Plan.

              (b)    If the  Company  recapitalizes  or  otherwise  changes  its
capital structure, or merges, consolidates, sells all of its assets or dissolves
and such  transaction  is not a Change  of  Control,  then  thereafter  upon any
exercise of the Option  hereunder,  the  Optionee  shall be entitled to purchase
under the  Option,  in lieu of the number of shares of Common  Stock  covered by
this  Option  then  exercisable,  the  number  and  class of shares of stock and
securities to which the Optionee would have been entitled  pursuant to the terms
of the agreement of merger,  consolidation,  sale of assets or dissolution,  if,
immediately prior to such agreement of merger, consolidation,  sale of assets or
dissolution,  the Optionee had been the holder of record of the number of shares
of Common Stock as to which the Option is then exercisable.

                                       3
<PAGE>


       5.     EXPIRATION AND TERMINATION OF THE OPTION.  The Option shall expire
at 5:00 p.m. Houston,  Texas, time on ___________,  (the period from the date of
this Agreement to the expiration date is defined as the "OPTION PERIOD"). In the
event of the death of the Option  Holder  during the Option  Period,  the Option
shall be exercisable by the Option Holder's estate or by the person who acquired
the right to  exercise  the Option by bequest or  inheritance  during the Option
Period  and for a period of up to six months  following  the death of the Option
Holder, if later.

       6.     TRANSFERABILITY.  The Option may not be transferred except by will
or pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution, and it shall be exercisable
during the Option  Holder's life only by him, or in the event of his  disability
or incapacity, by his personal representative,  and after his death, only by his
estate or by the person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by bequest
or inheritance.

       7.     COMPLIANCE  WITH  SECURITIES  LAWS.  Upon the  acquisition  of any
shares pursuant to the exercise of the Option herein  granted,  Option holder or
any person acting under Section 5 will enter into such written  representations,
warranties  and  agreements  as the Company may  reasonably  request in order to
comply with applicable securities laws or with this Agreement.

       8.     LEGENDS ON CERTIFICATES.  The Certificates representing the shares
of Common Stock  purchased by exercise of an Option will be stamped or otherwise
imprinted  with  legends in such form as the  Company or its counsel may require
with respect to any  applicable  restrictions  on sale or transfer and the stock
transfer records of the Company will reflect  stock-transfer  instructions  with
respect to such shares.

       9.     WITHHOLDING.

              (a)    ARRANGEMENT  FOR  WITHHOLDING.  The  Option  Holder  hereby
agrees to make  appropriate  arrangements  with the  Company to provide  for the
amount of tax withholding, if any, under applicable federal and state income tax
laws resulting  from the exercise of the Option.  If such  arrangements  are not
made, the Company may refuse to issue any Common Stock to the Option Holder.

              (b)    WITHHOLDING  ELECTION.  The Option  Holder may elect to pay
all such  amounts  of tax  withholding,  or any part  thereof,  by  electing  to
transfer to the Company,  or to have the Company  withhold from shares otherwise
issuable to the Option  Holder,  shares of Common  Stock having a value equal to
the amount  required to be  withheld or such lesser  amount as may be elected by
the Option Holder. All elections shall be subject to the approval or disapproval
of the Board of  Directors.  The value of shares of Common  Stock to be withheld
shall be based on the Designated  Value of the Common Stock on the date that the
amount of tax to be  withheld is to be  determined  (the "TAX  DATE").  Any such
election by the Option  Holder to have shares of Common Stock  withheld for this
purpose will be subject to the following restrictions:

                     (i)    All elections must be made prior to the Tax Date.

                     (ii)   All elections shall be irrevocable.

                                       4
<PAGE>


                     (iii)  If the Option  Holder is an officer or  director  of
the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the  Securities  Exchange Act of
1934,  as  amended,   ("SECTION   16"),  the  Option  Holder  must  satisfy  the
requirements of such Section 16 and any applicable rules thereunder with respect
to the use of Common  Stock as  consideration  to satisfy  such tax  withholding
obligation.

       10.    MISCELLANEOUS.

              (a)    NOTICES. Any notice required or permitted to be given under
this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given by first class  registered
or certified mail,  postage prepaid,  or by personal delivery to the appropriate
party, addressed:

                     (i)    If to the Company,  to the Company at its  principal
place of  business  (as of the date  hereof,  14505  Torrey  Chase,  Suite  400,
Houston, Texas 77014) (Attention:  Corporate Secretary) or at such other address
as may have been furnished to the Option Holder in writing by the Company; or

                     (ii)   If to the Option Holder, to the Option Holder at his
address  on file with the  Company  or at such  other  address  as may have been
furnished to the Company by the Option Holder.

              Any such  notice  shall be  deemed  to have  been  given as of the
fourth day after deposit in the United States Postal Service,  postage  prepaid,
properly  addressed as set forth above,  in the case of mailed notice,  or as of
the date delivered in the case of personal delivery.

              (b)    AMENDMENT.  The Board of Directors may make any  adjustment
in the Option  Price,  the number of shares of Common  Stock  subject to, or the
terms of the Option by amendment or by  substitution  of an outstanding  Option.
Such amendment or  substitution  may result in terms and  conditions  (including
Option Price,  the number of shares of Common Stock  covered,  or Option Period)
that differ from the terms and conditions of this Option. The Board of Directors
may not,  however,  adversely affect the rights of the Option Holder without the
consent of the Option  Holder.  If such action is  effective by  amendment,  the
effective  date of such amendment will be the date of the original grant of this
Option.  Except  as  provided  herein,  this  Agreement  may not be  amended  or
otherwise modified unless evidenced in writing and signed by the Company and the
Option Holder.

              (c)    SEVERABILITY.  The  invalidity or  unenforceability  of any
provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or  enforceability  of
any  other  provision  of this  Agreement,  and  each  other  provision  of this
Agreement shall be severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law.

              (d)    WAIVER.  Any provision  contained in this  Agreement may be
waived, either generally or in any particular instance, by the Company.

              (e)    BINDING  EFFECT.  This Agreement  shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the Company and the Option  Holder and their  respective
heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives, successors and assigns.

                                       5
<PAGE>


              (f)    RIGHTS TO EMPLOYMENT.  Nothing  contained in this Agreement
shall be construed  as giving the Option  Holder any right to be retained in the
employ of the Company and this  Agreement  is limited  solely to  governing  the
rights and obligations of the Option Holder with respect to the Common Stock and
the Option.

              (g)    GENDER AND NUMBER.  Except when otherwise  indicated by the
context,  the masculine gender shall also include the feminine  gender,  and the
definition of any term herein in the singular shall also include the plural.

              (h)    GOVERNING  LAW.  This  Agreement  shall be  governed by and
construed in accordance  with the laws of the State of Delaware  without  giving
effect to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.


                                       6
<PAGE>


       IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties have executed this  Agreement as of the
day and year first above written.

                                        GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.


                                        By:
                                              ----------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                              ----------------------------------
                                        Title:
                                              ----------------------------------


                                        OPTION HOLDER


                                        ----------------------------------------


                                       7









</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>c34848_ex10-5.txt
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.5

                              CONSULTING AGREEMENT

Effective Date                          OCTOBER 1, 2004.

Between                                 GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP. ("Client")
a                                       Delaware Corporation,
located at                              14505 Torrey Chase Blvd. Suite 400,
                                                         Houston, TX 77014.

and                                     DUNCAN E. WINE, ("Consultant")
a                                        Resident,
located at                              [Address].

GENERAL

The Consultant is engaged in the business of obtaining financing,  strategic and
promotional contacts for Client.

The Client desires to retain the Consultant to obtain  individuals  and business
entities to procure financing, procure strategic partners, and other promotional
relationships.

In consideration for the mutual promises,  covenants, and Agreements made below,
the parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1.     NON-EXCLUSIVE RIGHT TO SOLICIT

1.1    Subject to the  provisions  of  Section  1.2,  the  Client  grants to the
Consultant the  non-exclusive  right to solicit  individuals  and other business
entities to provide the Client with  financing,  strategic  partners,  and other
promotional relationship for the Client's products and services according to the
terms and condition set forth in this Agreement, (" Agreement").

2.     TRADEMARKS & TRADE NAMES

Client  reserves all rights to the trade names and  trademarks  and to any other
commercial symbols that it may adopt or use from time-to-time.

3.     INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR

The Consultant is not an employee of the Client for any purpose whatsoever,  but
is an  independent  contractor.  The Client is  interested  only in the  results
obtained by the Consultant, that shall have sole control of the manner and means
of  performing  under this  Agreement.  The  Client  shall not have the right to
require the Consultant to do anything that would  jeopardize the relationship of
independent  contractor between the Client and the Consultant.  All expenses and
disbursements incurred by the Consultant in connection with this Agreement shall
be born wholly and completely by the  Consultant.  The Consultant does not have,
nor shall the Consultant hold itself out as having any right, power or authority
to create any contract or obligation, either express or implied, on

                                       6
<PAGE>


behalf of, or binding upon the Client,  unless the Client shall  consent to that
in writing,  or otherwise.  The  Consultant  shall have the right to appoint and
shall  be  solely  responsible  for the  Consultant's  own  solicitation  force,
employees,  agents and  representatives,  who shall be at the  Consultant's  own
risk,  expense and  supervision  and shall not have any claim against the Client
for compensation or  reimbursement.  The Consultant may represent other products
that do not  compete  directly  or  indirectly  with  products  covered  by this
Agreement  and  may  exercise  the  Consultant's  own  discretion  in  obtaining
services,  hiring  personnel  and  otherwise  complying  with the  terms of this
Agreement.

4.     ACCEPTANCE

Individuals, Partnerships, Corporations and other business entities solicited by
the  Consultant  to  financing,   strategic  relationships  and  other  business
promotional  services  for the  Client  shall be  submitted  to and  subject  to
acceptance by the Client.  Only the Client may decide,  in its sole  discretion,
whether  to  accept  or  reject  any  individual  or  entity  solicited  by  the
Consultant.

5.     CONSULTING FEE

The Client shall pay the Consultant a monthly consulting fee of $10,000. Despite
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Client shall reimburse
the Consultant for those certain  extraordinary  travel expenses incurred by the
Consultant  and  agreed  upon by the  Client  and the  Consultant  prior  to the
Consultant incurring such expenses.

6.     BEST EFFORTS

The  Consultant  shall  use its best  efforts  to  obtain  financing,  strategic
alliances,  partnership,  and promotional services for the Client and to solicit
individuals,  Partnerships,  Corporations and other business entities to perform
such services for the Client.

7.     TERM & TERMINATION

The term of this  Agreement  shall be for a period  of two  years  from the date
first written above. At the end of said period,  it is the intent of the parties
to re-negotiate this Agreement.

8.     MISREPRESENTATION

In the event the Consultant, at any time during its association with the Client,
shall be guilty  of gross  negligence,  intentional  misconduct  or  intentional
misrepresentation,  such negligence,  misconduct or  misrepresentation  shall be
deemed an immediate  breach of this  Agreement.  Upon such breach,  or any other
breach of this  Agreement by the  Consultant,  this  Agreement  shall  terminate
immediately  upon written notice by the Client,  and the Consultant shall not be
entitled to claim any  compensation for damages for, in respect of, or by reason
of such termination.

<PAGE>


9.     PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

The customers,  business, products, technology,  business connections,  customer
lists, procedures,  operations,  techniques and other aspects of the business of
the Client are  established  at great  expense  and  protected  as  confidential
information  and  trade  secrets  and  provide  the  Client  with a  substantial
competitive advantage of selling its products.  The Consultant shall have access
to,  and  be  entrusted  with,  trade  secrets,   confidential  information  and
proprietary  information,  and the Client  would suffer great loss and injury if
the  Consultant  would  disclose this  information or use it to compete with the
Client.  Consequently,  the Consultant  agrees that during its relationship with
the  Client,  and from then on, it will not,  within  the  geographic  territory
encompassed  by  the  business  of  the  Client  at  the   termination  of  that
relationship,  directly or indirectly,  either  individually  or as an employee,
agent, partner, shareholder, or in any other capacity, use or disclose, or cause
to  be  used  or  disclosed,  any  trade  secret,  confidential  information  or
proprietary  information acquired by the Consultant during its relationship with
the Client.

10.    INDEMNIFICATION

The Consultant  agrees to defend,  indemnify,  and hold the Client harmless from
any and  all  liabilities,  losses,  costs,  damages,  penalties  and any  other
expenses  including  attorneys fees arising directly or indirectly,  either from
the Consultant's acts or omissions or the Consultant's  breach of any obligation
imposed or sought to be imposed by or  according to this  Agreement.  The Client
shall not be liable to the Consultant,  or to anyone who may claim any right due
to a  relationship  with  the  Consultant,  for  any  acts or  omissions  by the
Consultant in the  performance of this Agreement or on the part of the employees
or agents of the Consultant.  The Consultant shall indemnify and hold the Client
free and harmless from any obligation,  cost claim, judgment,  attorneys,  fees,
and attachments  arising from,  growing out of, or in any way connected with the
services rendered to the Client under the terms of this Agreement.

11.    GENERAL PROVISIONS

11.1   ASSIGNMENT.  Except as set forth in this section,  neither this Agreement
nor any rights under this Agreement, in whole or in part, shall be assignable or
otherwise  transferable  by either party without the express  written consent of
the other  party.  Any  attempt  by either  party to assign any of its rights or
delegate  any of its  duties  under this  Agreement  without  the prior  written
consent of the other  party shall be null and void.  Subject to the above,  this
Agreement  shall  be  binding  upon  and  take  effect  for the  benefit  of the
successors and assigns of the parties to this Agreement.

11.2   WAIVER,  AMENDMENT,  MODIFICATION.  No waiver, amendment or modification,
including  those by  custom,  usage of  trade,  or  course  of  dealing,  of any
provision of this  Agreement  will be effective  unless in writing and signed by
the party against whom such waiver,  amendment or  modification  is sought to be
enforced.  No waiver by any party of any  default  in  performance  by the other
party under this  Agreement  or of any breach or series of breaches by the other
party of any of the terms or conditions  of this  Agreement  shall  constitute a
waiver of any  subsequent  default in  performance  under this  Agreement or any
subsequent  breach of any terms or conditions of that Agreement.  Performance of
any obligation  required of a party under this Agreement may be waived only by a
written

<PAGE>


waiver signed by a duly authorized officer of the other party, that waiver shall
be  effective  only with respect to the  specific  obligation  described in that
waiver.

11.3   FORCE MAJEURE.  Neither party will be deemed in default of this Agreement
to the extent  that  performance  of its  obligations,  or  attempts to cure any
breach, are delayed or prevented by reason of circumstance beyond its reasonable
control,  including  without  limitation  fire,  natural  disaster,  earthquake,
accident or other acts of God ("Force Majeure"), provided that the party seeking
to delay  its  performance  gives  the other  written  notice of any such  Force
Majeure  within 15 days after the  discovery of the Force  Majeure,  and further
provided that such party uses its good faith efforts to cure the Force  Majeure.
If there is a Force  Majeure,  this  Agreement  shall not be  applicable  to any
payment obligations by Client.

11.4   SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES

11.4.1 Any  dispute,  controversy,  or claim  arising  out of or related to this
Agreement, or the creation, validity, interpretation,  breach, or termination of
this Agreement will be referred to mediation.

11.4.2 Any  dispute,  controversy,  or claim  arising  out of or related to this
Agreement, or the creation, validity, interpretation,  breach, or termination of
this  Agreement  that  has not been  resolved  amicably  among  the  parties  by
mediation  under Section 11.4.2 will be submitted to binding  arbitration  using
the following procedure:

11.4.3  The  arbitration  will be held in Houston  and Texas,  before a panel of
three arbitrators.  Either party may demand  arbitration in writing,  serving on
the other party a statement of the dispute, controversy, or claim, and the facts
relating to it, in  reasonable  detail,  and the  arbitrator  nominated  by that
party.

11.4.4 The expenses of arbitration  shall be borne by the party against whom the
decision is rendered,  or  apportioned  in  accordance  with the decision of the
arbitrators  if there is a compromise  decision.  Judgment upon any award may be
entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

11.5   CUMULATIVE  RIGHTS.  Any  specific  right  or  remedy  provided  in  this
Agreement  shall not be exclusive but shall be cumulative  upon all other rights
and remedies set forth in this section and allowed under applicable law.

11.6   GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement  shall be governed by the laws of the State
of Texas  applicable  to Agreements  made and fully  performed in Texas by Texas
residents.

11.7   ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  The parties  acknowledge that this Agreement expresses
their  entire  understanding  and  Agreement,   and  that  there  have  been  no
warranties, representations, covenants or understandings made by either party to
the other except such as are expressly set forth in this section.

<PAGE>


11.8   COUNTERPARTS.  This  Agreement may be executed in multiple  counterparts,
any one of which will be deemed an original,  but all of which shall  constitute
one and the same instrument.

11.9   NOTICES.  All notices,  demands or consents  required or permitted  under
this  Agreement  shall be in writing and shall be delivered or mailed  certified
return receipt  requested to the  respective  parties at the addresses set forth
above or at such other address as such party shall specify to the other party in
writing.  Any notice required or permitted to be given by the provisions of this
Agreement  shall be  conclusively  deemed to have been received on the day it is
delivered to that party by U.S.  Mail with  Acknowledgment  of Receipt or by any
commercial courier providing equivalent acknowledgment of receipt.

Captions and section  headings used in this Agreement are for  convenience  only
and are not a part of this Agreement and shall not be used in construing it.

UNDERSTOOD, AGREED & APPROVED

We have  carefully  reviewed  this  contract  and agree to and accept all of its
terms and  conditions.  We are executing this Agreement as of the Effective Date
above.

CONSULTANT                              CLIENT


  DUNCAN E. WINE                            GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.
- --------------------------------------  ----------------------------------------

  /s/ DUNCAN E. WINE                        /s/ BLAIZE KADURU
- --------------------------------------  ----------------------------------------
By                                      By

                                            BLAIZE KADURU
- --------------------------------------  ----------------------------------------
Name                                    Name

                                            PRESIDENT
- --------------------------------------  ----------------------------------------
Title                                   Title


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>c34848_ex10-6.txt
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6

                              CONSULTING AGREEMENT


            CONSULTING AGREEMENT,  dated as of December 13, 2004, by and between
Gridline  Communications  Corp., a Delaware limited corporation (the "COMPANY"),
and Gerard Werner, an individual residing at [_________] ("CONSULTANT").

                                   WITNESSETH

            WHEREAS, beginning on the date hereof and continuing six months from
the date of the closing of the acquisition of the Company by North Shore Capital
IV, Inc.  (the  "TERM"),  the Company has  retained  the  Consultant  to provide
certain consulting services and assistance to NSC;

            WHEREAS,  the Company desires to retain Consultant as an independent
consultant to provide  certain  services and  assistance to the Company upon the
terms and conditions set forth herein, and

            WHEREAS,  Consultant is willing to provide such consulting  services
and assistance to NSC upon the terms and conditions set forth herein.

            NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the mutual  covenants of the
parties  set  forth  herein,  and for  other  good and  valuable  consideration,
Consultant and the Company agree as follows:

            1.    ENGAGEMENT.  The  Company  agrees  to  retain  Consultant  and
Consultant  hereby  agrees to assist the Company  for the  purpose of  preparing
financial statements and tax returns for NSC. In such capacity, Consultant shall
report to, and follow the directions of the Company and perform such  additional
functions as may be determined from time to time by the Company.

            2.    TERM;  TERMINATION.  The term of this Agreement shall commence
on the date hereof and shall continue through the Term (the last day of the Term
is hereinafter  referred as the "TERMINATION  DATE"), at which time Consultant's
consulting  services  and  assistance  to the Company  and NSC shall  terminate.
Either the Company or Consultant  may terminate  this Agreement at any time upon
thirty (30) days' prior written  notice to the other party;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,
the Company may terminate  this  Agreement  effective  immediately  upon written
notice to Consultant  upon a default by Consultant in the  performance of any of
his obligations  under this  Agreement,  which default is not cured within seven
(7) days of receipt of notice of such default.

            3.    COMPENSATION AND EXPENSES. As consideration for the consulting
services  and  assistance  provided  to NSC by  Consultant  from the date hereof
through the  Termination  Date,  the Company shall pay Consultant a total sum of
US$50,000. Payment will be made by wire transfer upon the execution hereof to an
account  designated in writing by  Consultant.  Consultant is not  authorized to
incur any business  expenses on behalf of the Company  without its prior written
consent.

<PAGE>


            4.    INDEPENDENT  CONSULTANT.  Consultant is acting  hereunder as a
professional entity and independent  contractor.  Consultant is not an employee,
agent or a partner of the Company.  The Company shall not be responsible for any
payroll-related  taxes or Federal,  state or local  deductions in respect of the
Consultant or services  rendered by Consultant to the Company.  Consultant  will
prepare and file all tax  information,  forms and returns  with the  appropriate
Federal, state or local governmental agencies or authorities as required by law.
The Company will send  Consultant a Form 1099.  Neither this  Agreement  nor any
operation hereunder shall create a general or limited  partnership,  association
or joint venture or agency relationship between the Company and Consultant.

            5.    CONFIDENTIAL  AND PROPRIETARY  RELATIONSHIP.  Consultant shall
not disclose, duplicate, copy, or use for any purpose other than the performance
of this  Agreement and shall treat as  confidential  and as  proprietary  to the
Company all information  which relates to the Company and its assets;  PROVIDED,
HOWEVER,  that the obligation to treat as proprietary and confidential shall not
apply  to  information  which  shall be  publicly  available  or which  shall be
required to be disclosed by applicable  law or  regulatory or judicial  process.
The provisions of this Section 5 shall survive the Termination Date.

            6.    INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.

      (a)   The Company and Consultant desire that all Intellectual Property (as
hereinafter  defined) made or conceived by  Consultant  in  connection  with the
services provided under this Agreement  (collectively,  the "CONSULTANT'S  IP"),
shall  be owned  by the  Company,  free and  clear  of any  reserved  rights  of
Consultant.  "INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY" means (a) any rights  worldwide in (i) any
copyright,  including any copyright rights in all text, code and software of any
kind,  and all  graphic,  photographic,  audiovisual  works,  (ii)  any  patent,
trademark,  trade dress,  trade name or domain name  (regardless of whether such
rights  have  been  registered),   (iii)   registrations  and  applications  for
registration  of any of the  rights  listed  in  clauses  (i) or  (ii)  of  this
definition,  (iii) trade  secrets,  confidential  information,  moral rights and
goodwill,  (iv) data of any kind,  including  any rights to use data  containing
personally-identifiable  information  relating  to any  natural  person,  or any
e-mail address, and (v) any other proprietary or intellectual property rights in
any of the  foregoing  or as may be needed for the  operation  of the  Company's
business in the ordinary course at any time, whether in existence as of the date
hereof or  coming  into  existence  afterward;  and (b)  particular  copies,  or
instances  of,  and  tangible  and  intangible  representations  of  or  devices
incorporating  such rights (or in which such rights  formerly  inhered  prior to
expiration).  For purposes of  illustration,  examples of Intellectual  Property
include: expertise,  techniques,  diagrams, schematics,  flow-charts,  drawings,
models,  inventions,  know-how,  processes,  equipment,  databases,  algorithms,
software programs,  documents and formulae (whether  patentable or copyrightable
or not).

      (b)   The Consultant hereby grants, transfers and assigns all right, title
and interest in such Consultant IP to the Company.  Consultant agrees to provide
all  assistance  reasonably  requested  by the Company  from time to time in the
establishment,  preservation  and  enforcement  of the Company's  rights in such
Consultant  IP.  Consultant  hereby  waives  all moral  rights  with  respect to
Consultant IP, all rights of identification of authorship and any and all rights
of approval, restriction or limitation on use or subsequent modification.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>


            7.    ASSIGNMENT.  Neither  party to this  Agreement may assign this
Agreement  or any  right  or  obligation  hereunder  either  in whole or in part
without the written consent of the other party.

            8.    AMENDMENT. This Agreement may only be supplemented, abandoned,
discharged,  amended,  renewed or extended by a written  instrument  executed by
each of the parties hereto.

            9.    MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof,  and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings of the parties hereto, oral and written,
with respect to the subject matter hereof,  including,  without limitation,  any
agreement  relating to the  compensation  of  Consultant  by the Company for any
consulting  services or assistance.  The headings  contained  herein are for the
sole  purpose of  convenience  of  reference,  and shall not in any way limit or
affect the meaning or  interpretation  of any of the terms or  provisions of the
Agreement.  The failure of either of the  parties  hereto at any time to enforce
any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed to be a
waiver of any such  provision,  nor to in any way  affect the  validity  of this
Agreement or any provision  hereof and the right of either of the parties hereto
to  thereafter  enforce  each and every  provision  of this  Agreement  shall be
effective unless waiver thereof is set forth in a written instrument executed by
the party against whom  enforcement  of such waiver is sought;  and no waiver of
any such  breach  shall be  construed  or  deemed to be a waiver of any other or
subsequent  breach.  If any of the  provisions of this  Agreement  shall be held
invalid, the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby.

            10.   CHOICE  OF  LAW.  This  Agreement  shall  be  governed  by and
construed in accordance  with the laws of the State of Texas,  without regard to
conflicts of laws principles.

            11.   SUBMISSION  TO  EXCLUSIVE  JURISDICTION.  With  respect to any
claim arising out of this  Agreement each party (a)  irrevocably  submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Texas and the United States
District Courts located in the City of Houston,  texas,  and irrevocably  waives
(i) any  objection  which it may have at  anytime  to the laying of venue of any
suit,  action or proceeding  brought in any such court,  (ii) any claim that any
such suit,  action or  proceeding  brought in any such court has been brought in
any inconvenient forum and (iii) the right to object with respect to such claim,
suit,  action or proceeding  brought in any such court, that such court does not
have the jurisdiction over such party.



                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK]

                                      -3-
<PAGE>


            IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties  have  executed  this  Consulting
Agreement on and as of the day and year first above written.




                                                 GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.


                                                 By:  /s/ Blaize Kaduru
                                                    ---------------------------
                                                     Name:
                                                     Title:


                                                  /s/ Gerard Werner
                                                 ------------------------------
                                                 Gerard Werner


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>c34848_ex10-7.txt
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.7

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


The Effective Date of this Agreement:   JUNE 1,  2004

This Agreement is by and between        GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP. (COMPANY)
a Delaware Corporation located at       14505 Torrey Chase Blvd., Suite 400
                                        Houston, TX 77014

AND                                     BLAIZE N. KADURU, (EXECUTIVE)
an individual residing at               423 Baybridge Drive,
                                        Sugarland, TX 77478.



PURPOSE OF THIS AGREEMENT

      a.    The  Executive  has  acquired  outstanding  and  special  skills and
abilities and an extensive  background in and knowledge of Technology,  Finance,
Marketing and Administration.

      b.    The Company desires the services of the Executive,  and is therefore
willing to engage his services on the terms and conditions stated below.

      c.    The  Executive  desires to be employed by the Company and is willing
to do so on those terms and conditions.

Now,  therefore,  in  consideration  of the  above  recitals  and of the  mutual
promises and conditions in this Agreement, it is agreed as follows:

1.    EMPLOYEE'S DUTIES & AUTHORITY

      a.    Gridline  shall employ the  Executive as  PRESIDENT/CHIEF  EXECUTIVE
OFFICER ("CEO") in a full-time capacity for an indefinite period, effective June
1, 2004.  At all times,  the  Executive  shall serve under the  direction of the
Board of  Directors,  and shall perform such services as the Board may from time
to time  prescribe,  and per the policies and  procedures as may be described in
Gridline Communications Corporate Employee Policy Manual, whenever such a manual
is made available.

      b.    The CEO will help to formulate and device  policies that will ensure
that corporate  objectives are met, in collaboration with the Board Members, and
other  key  and  top  Executives  of  the  Company.   The  CEO  retains  overall
accountability; confer with subordinate Executives who oversee the activities of
various other departments.

2.    OTHER BUSINESS ACTIVITIES

During his  employment,  Executive  shall such  devote such time,  interest  and
effort  as  is  reasonably   required  for  the  discharge  of  his  duties  and
responsibilities hereunder.

<PAGE>


3.    NON-COMPETITION DURING EMPLOYMENT

During the employment term, the Executive shall not, in any fashion  participate
or engage in any  activity  or other  business  competitive  with the  Company's
business. In addition, the Executive,  while employed, shall not take any action
without the  Company's  prior  written  consent to  establish,  form,  or become
employed by a competing  business on  termination  of employment by the Company.
The Executive's  failure to comply with the provisions of the preceding sentence
shall give the Company the right (in addition to all other  remedies the Company
may have) to terminate  any benefits or  compensation  that the Executive may be
otherwise entitled to following termination of this Agreement.

4.    TERM OF EMPLOYMENT

The Executive shall be employed for an indefinite  period,  unless the Executive
is  terminated  as  provided  in this  Agreement  or the  Executive  resigns his
position with the company,  in either case,  after written notice  delivered not
less than thirty (30) days prior to the date of termination, or resignation.

5.    PLACE OF EMPLOYMENT

During the employment term the Executive shall perform the services  required at
the Company's  offices,  located in Greater  Houston,  Texas, and from any other
location  deemed  feasible and  appropriate for the performance of his duty. The
Executive  acknowledges  that the Company  may from time to time or  frequently,
require the Executive to travel temporarily to other locations  (domestically or
internationally)  to seek out,  confer with, or provide  service to customers of
the Company, to arrange financing for the benefit of the Company, and such other
purposes in the interest of the Company as  determined  from time to time by the
Board of Directors.

6.    SALARY

      a.    For the first six (6) months  (June 1, 2004 to December  31,  2004),
the company shall pay a basic salary to the Executive at the rate of $10,000 per
month,  payable in equal biweekly  installments,  subject to the availability of
funds, or else, the Executive draws an allowance of $7,500 per month, and salary
owed will be adjusted  accordingly  when funds are available to accommodate  the
$10,000 monthly rate. Beginning January 1, 2005, the salary of the President/CEO
will increase to a monthly base rate of $12,500.

      b.    The basic salary payable to the Executive shall be subject to review
for performance, and if performance is deemed satisfactory,  basic salary may be
at a minimum  increased  annually  (subject to the availability of funds), by an
inflation adjustment,  based on the Consumer Price Index as reported in The Wall
Street Journal or a nationally recognized newspaper.

      7.    FOUNDER'S STOCK INCENTIVE GRANT

      a.    As an incentive the company  shall grant the Executive  fully vested
founder's shares of 21,000,000  (twenty one million) of Company common stock, to
be purchased by the Executive at par ($0.0001 per share).

<PAGE>


8.    STOCK OPTIONS

Executive will be granted  options to purchase shares of Company stock according
to the provisions of Gridline's  Incentive Stock Option Plan, if and when such a
Plan is put in place  and made  available  by the  board  of  Directors,  in the
foreseeable future.

9.    ADDITIONAL BENEFITS

      a.    Pending the  availability  of funds,  and when such funds are deemed
available from a budgetary  stand-point,  the Executive  shall receive all other
benefits of employment  generally available to the Company's other Executive and
Managerial Employees.

      b.    The  Company  shall  pay a lump sum of three  (6)  months  severance
payments to the  Executive  (at his then current  salary) if his  employment  is
terminated by the Company without cause.

10.   EXPENSES

The Company shall  reimburse the Executive for reasonable  expenses  incurred in
connection  with the  Executive's  performance  of his duties  including  travel
expenses, food, and lodging while away from home.

11.   EMPLOYEE'S RIGHT OF OWNERSHIP

All inventions  conceived or developed by the Executive  during the term of this
Agreement shall remain the property of the Company.

12.   INDEMNIFICATION BY COMPANY

The Company shall,  to the maximum extent  permitted by law,  indemnify and hold
the Executive  harmless  against,  and shall purchase  indemnity  insurance,  if
available,  and pending the availability of funds, on behalf of the Executive in
the amount of  $1,000,000  for expenses,  including  reasonable  attorney  fees,
judgments,  fines,  settlements,  and  other  amounts  actually  and  reasonably
incurred in connection with any proceeding  arising by reason of the Executive's
employment  by the  Company.  The Company  shall  advance to the  Executive  any
expense  incurred  in  defending  any  such  proceeding  to the  maximum  extent
permitted by law.

Further,  if the Company  registers and trades its shares publicly,  the Company
will acquire and maintain the  appropriate  Directors and Officers  insurance at
the Company's expense.

13.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

The Company and Executive  agree that  Executive's  employment  hereunder may be
terminated  by the  Executive  resigning  or by  the  Company's  declaration  of
termination  with or without  "Cause" at any time,  subject to the terms of this
SECTION 13. Such termination  shall be effective upon delivery of written notice
from the  acting  party to the other of its  election  to  terminate  employment
pursuant to this SECTION 13.

<PAGE>

      a.    DEFINITION OF "CAUSE".  When used in connection with the termination
of employment  with the Company,  "CAUSE" shall mean: (i)  Executive's  material
breach of his obligations under this Agreement;  (ii) the Executive's failure to
adhere to any  written  Company  policy  after the  Executive  has been  given a
reasonable opportunity to comply with such policy or cure his failure to comply;
(iii) the conviction  of, or the indictment for (or its procedural  equivalent),
or the  entering  of a guilty  plea or plea of no  contest  with  respect  to, a
felony,  the  equivalent  thereof,  or any other  crime  with  respect  to which
imprisonment is a possible  punishment;  (iv) the commission by the Executive of
an  act  of  fraud  upon  the  Company  or  any  of  its  affiliates;   (v)  the
misappropriation (or attempted misappropriation) of any funds or property of the
Company  or any of its  affiliates  by the  Executive;  (vi) the  failure by the
Executive  to  perform  duties  assigned  to him  after  reasonable  notice  and
opportunity to cure such  performance;  (vii) the engagement by the Executive in
any direct,  material  conflict of interest with the Company without  compliance
with the Company's  conflict of interest policy, if any, then in effect;  (viii)
the  engagement by the Executive,  without the written  approval of the Board of
Directors, in any activity that competes with the business of the Company or any
of its  affiliates  or that would result in a material  injury to the Company or
any of its affiliates; (ix) the engagement by the Executive in any activity that
would constitute a material violation of the provisions of the Company's Insider
Trading  Policy or Business  Ethics Policy,  if any, then in effect,  or (x) the
failure by the Executive to sign any lock-up letters,  standstill agreements, or
other similar  documentation  required by an  underwriter  in connection  with a
public offering of securities by the Company or to take other actions reasonably
related thereto as requested by the Board of Directors.

      b.    TERMINATION FOR CAUSE OR RESIGNATION.  If the Company terminates the
Executive's  employment  for Cause or the  Executive  voluntarily  resigns,  the
Company  shall  pay the  Executive's  base  salary  earned  through  the date of
termination,  but all  rights  to any other  compensation  or  benefits  arising
hereunder,  shall be canceled and terminated in all respects  concurrently  with
such  termination  of  employment;  provided  that the  Executive  may  elect to
continue to participate,  at Executive's own expense,  in such health  insurance
and other benefits as to which the opportunity for continuing  participation  is
mandated by  applicable  law.  Executive  may  terminate  employment  under this
Agreement at any time by giving the Company 30 days' prior written notice of his
intention to terminate employment.

      c.    TERMINATION  WITHOUT  CAUSE.  In  the  event  that  the  Executive's
employment is terminated by the Company  without Cause,  subject to the terms of
this  Agreement,  an amount equal to Executive's  then current base salary which
would be payable during a six month employment  period,  in each case,  together
with any earned and  unpaid  compensation  and  accrued  vacation  time prior to
termination,  in periodic  payments in accordance  with the Company's  customary
payroll  practices,  and (ii) the stock  granted to the  Executive  pursuant  to
SECTION 7 hereof shall  immediately  vest. If the Executive is terminated by the
Company without Cause, the Company shall also continue to provide  benefits,  in
the kind  and  amounts  provided  to its  employees  generally,  for six  months
following the date of termination,  including  continuation of any  Company-paid
benefits provided pursuant hereto,  for the Executive and Executive's spouse and
minor  children,  provided such benefits are available at the time,  and will be
subject to immediate termination to the extent Executive receives benefits under
another similar benefit plan;  provided that the Executive may elect to continue
to  participate,  at  Executive's  own  expense,  in such health  insurance  (if
available)  and  other  benefits  as to which  the  opportunity  for  continuing
participation  is mandated by applicable law, if such benefits are available and
being  offered and enjoyed by  Executive  at the time.  If such  termination  is
effective  on or after two years on the job as  President/CEO,  the  Company  is
obligated to pay severance and premiums for twelve months.

<PAGE>


      d.    TERMINATION  UPON  DEATH;  DISABILITY.   If  the  Executive  becomes
disabled  because  of  sickness,  physical  or mental  disability,  or any other
reason,  so that it  reasonably  appears  that he will be unable to complete his
duties under this  Agreement,  the Company shall have the option to  immediately
terminate  this  Agreement  by  giving  written  notice  of  termination  to the
Executive. Such termination shall be without prejudice to any right or remedy to
which the  Company  may be  entitled  either at law,  in  equity,  or under this
Agreement.  If the  Company  terminates  this  Agreement  as  provided  in  this
paragraph,  the Company will pay the  Executive as severance pay an amount equal
to three  months of  Executive's  then current base salary plus a portion of the
Executive's  cash  bonus  proportional  to the  number of months of  Executive's
employment  with the  Company  during  the  calendar  year in which  termination
occurs.  If Executive should die during the term of this Agreement,  Executive's
employment  will terminate  immediately and the Company will pay the Executive's
estate an amount equal to three months  compensation at Executive's then current
base salary.

      e.    TERMINATION OR ASSIGNMENT ON MERGER.  In the event of a merger where
the Company is not the surviving  entity,  or of a sale of all or  substantially
all of the Company's assets, the Company may, at its sole option (1) assign this
Agreement and all rights and  obligations  under it to any business  entity that
succeeds to all or  substantially  all of the  Company's  business  through that
merger or sale of assets,  or (2) on at least 30 days' prior  written  notice to
the Executive,  terminate this Agreement  effective on the date of the merger or
sale of assets with the immediate  payments of all  compensation  due under this
contract  without  regard to  vesting,  or length of  employment  or  additional
performance  of duties.  This  paragraph  does not preclude  other  compensation
arrangements to be negotiated with respect to such change of ownership.

14.   NON-DISCLOSURE AFTER TERMINATION

Because of his  employment  by the Company,  the  Executive  will have access to
trade secrets and confidential  information about the Company, its products, its
customers,  and its methods of doing business. In consideration of his access to
this  information,  the Executive  agrees that for a period of not less than two
years after  termination  of his  employment,  he will not  disclose  such trade
secrets or confidential information.

15.   DISPUTE MEDIATION;  JURISDICTION AND VENUE;  INJUNCTIVE RELIEF;  CHOICE OF
      LAW

      a.    Should any dispute arise regarding any matter related to Executive's
employment or the termination of such employment,  including without  limitation
the performance of or  interpretation of this Agreement or any of its terms, and
prior to the institution of any legal proceeding, the parties shall first submit
the  dispute  to  a  one  day  session  of   voluntary,   nonbinding   mediation
(non-minitrial),  in which the parties will participate in good faith,  pursuant
to the dispute  resolution  rules of the Texas Civil Practice and Remedies Code.
The mediation shall be conducted in Houston, Texas. In the event the parties are
unable to agree on a single  mediator,  then each party shall  select a mediator
and such  mediators  will  conduct a joint  mediation.  Each  party  shall  bear
one-half  of the  cost  of a  single  mediator  and,  in the  event  of a  joint
mediation,  each party  shall  bear the cost of the  mediator  selected  by that
party.

<PAGE>


      b.    Exclusive venue for any dispute between any of the parties hereto or
any claim by a party  against  another  party arising out of or relating to this
Agreement  or  relating  to any alleged  breach  thereof  shall be the courts of
competent jurisdiction situated in Harris County, Texas.

      c.    Executive  understands  and agrees  that the  Company  shall  suffer
irreparable  harm  in the  event  that  Executive  breaches  any of  Executive's
obligations  under this Agreement and that monetary  damages shall be inadequate
to compensate the Company for such breach.  Accordingly,  Executive agrees that,
in the  event  of a breach  or  threatened  breach  by  Executive  of any of the
provisions of this Agreement,  the Company, in addition to and not in limitation
of any other rights,  remedies or damages  available to the Company at law or in
equity,  shall  be  entitled  to  a  temporary  restraining  order,  preliminary
injunction and permanent  injunction in order to prevent or to restrain any such
breach by Executive,  or by any or all of  Executive's  partners,  co-venturers,
employers,  employees, servants, agents, representatives and any and all persons
directly or indirectly acting for, on behalf of or with Executive.

      D.    THE SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS,  EXCLUDING ANY LAW, RULE
OR PRINCIPLE WHICH MIGHT REFER TO THE  SUBSTANTIVE LAW OF ANOTHER  JURISDICTION,
WILL GOVERN THE  INTERPRETATION,  VALIDITY AND EFFECT OF THIS AGREEMENT  WITHOUT
REGARD TO THE PLACE OF EXECUTION OR THE PLACE FOR PERFORMANCE THEREOF.

16.   ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement  contains the entire Agreement between the parties and supersedes
all  prior  oral  and  written  Agreements,  understandings,   commitments,  and
practices  between the parties.  No  amendments  to this  Agreement  may be made
except by a writing signed by both parties.

18.   NOTICES

Any notice to the Company  required or permitted  under this Agreement  shall be
given in writing to the Company,  either by personal service or by registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid,  addressed to Duncan E. WINE ( Chairman,  Board
of Directors))] at its then principal place of business.  Any such notice to the
Executive shall be given in a like manner and, if mailed,  shall be addressed to
the  Executive at his home address then shown in the  Company's  files.  For the
purpose  of  determining  compliance  with any time limit in this  Agreement,  a
notice  shall be deemed to have been duly given (1) on the date of  service,  if
served  personally  on the party to whom  notice  is to be given,  or (2) on the
second business day after mailing,  if mailed to the party to whom the notice is
to be given in the manner provided in this section.

19.   SEVERABILITY

If any  provision  of this  Agreement  is held  invalid  or  unenforceable,  the
remainder of this Agreement shall nevertheless  remain in full force and effect.
If any  provision is held invalid or  unenforceable  with respect to  particular
circumstances,  it shall  nevertheless  remain in full  force and  effect in all
other circumstances.

<PAGE>


UNDERSTOOD, AGREED & APPROVED
Executed by the parties as of the Effective Date first written above.




Company: Gridline Communications Corp.

/s/ Duncan E. Wine
- ------------------------------------
By

Chairman
- ------------------------------------
Title








Executive: Blaize N. Kaduru

/s/ Blaize N. Kaduru
- ------------------------------------
Executive


Blaize N. Kaduru
- ------------------------------------
Printed Name



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>c34848_ex10-8.txt
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.8

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


The Effective Date of this Agreement:   AUGUST ___, 2004

This Agreement is by and between        HALOCOM, INC. (EMPLOYER)
a                                       Delaware Corporation
located at                              14505 Torrey Chase Blvd., Suite 400A
                                        Houston, TX 77014

AND                                     STANFORD D. MILNES, (EXECUTIVE)
an individual residing at               2625 Greenway Drive,
                                        McKinney, TX 75070.


PURPOSE OF THIS AGREEMENT

1.    The Executive has acquired  outstanding  and special  skills and abilities
and an extensive  background  in and knowledge of  Telecommunications  Sales and
Marketing.

2.    The  Employer  desires the  services of the  Executive,  and is  therefore
willing to engage his services on the terms and conditions stated below.

3.    The Executive  desires to be employed by the Employer and is willing to do
so on those terms and conditions.

Now,  therefore,  in  consideration  of the  above  recitals  and of the  mutual
promises and conditions in this Agreement, it is agreed as follows:

1.    EMPLOYEE'S DUTIES & AUTHORITY

The Employer shall employ the Executive as EXECUTIVE VICE  PRESIDENT,  SALES AND
MARKETING or in such other  capacity or capacities as the Employer may from time
to time  prescribe,  and per the policies and  procedures as maybe  described in
HaloCom Inc. Employee Policy Manual, whenever such a manual is made available.

2.    OTHER BUSINESS ACTIVITIES

During  employment,   the  Executive  shall  devote  his  work  efforts  to  the
performance  of this  Agreement  and shall not,  without  the  Employer's  prior
written  consent,  render to others  services of any kind for  compensation,  or
engage in any other business  activity that would materially  interfere with the
performance of his duties under this Agreement.

2.1   REASONABLE TIME AND EFFORT REQUIRED. During his employment,  the Executive
shall  devote  such  time,  interest,  and  effort  to the  performance  of this
Agreement as may be fair and reasonable.

3.    NON-COMPETITION DURING EMPLOYMENT

During the employment term, the Executive shall not, in any fashion  participate
or engage in any  activity or other  business  competitive  with the  Employer's
business. In addition, the Executive,

<PAGE>


while employed,  shall not take any action without the Employer's  prior written
consent to  establish,  form,  or become  employed  by a  competing  business on
termination  of employment by the Employer.  The  Executive's  failure to comply
with the provisions of the preceding  sentence shall give the Employer the right
(in addition to all other  remedies  the  Employer  may have) to  terminate  any
benefits  or  compensation  that the  Executive  may be  otherwise  entitled  to
following termination of this Agreement.

4.    TERM OF EMPLOYMENT

The Executive  shall be employed for an  indefinite  and  indeterminate  period,
unless  the  Executive  is  terminated  as  provided  in this  Agreement  or the
Executive resigns his position with the company.

5.    PLACE OF EMPLOYMENT

During the employment term the Executive shall perform the services  required at
the Employer's offices,  located in Houston, Texas, and from his home located in
Mckinney,  Texas. The Executive  acknowledges that the Employer may from time to
time or  frequently,  require  the  Executive  to  travel  temporarily  to other
locations (domestically or internationally) to seek out, confer with, or service
with customers of the company.

6.    SALARY

The Employer shall pay a basic salary to the Executive at the rate of $8,000 per
month, payable in equal biweekly installments.

6.1   The basic salary  payable to the Executive  shall be subject to review for
performance,  and  if  performance  is  deemed  satisfactory,  basic  salary  is
increased annually,  (and subject to the availability of funds), by an inflation
adjustment,  based on the  Consumer  Price  Index as reported in The Wall Street
Journal or a nationally recognized newspaper.


7.    FOUNDER'S STOCK INCENTIVE GRANT

7.1   As an incentive  for  performance,  the company  shall grant the Executive
founder's  shares to the tune of  2,500,000  (two and half  million)  of company
stock, FULLY VESTED IMMEDIATELY.

7.2   STOCK  OPTIONS  Executive  will be granted  options to purchase  shares of
Company stock  according to the  provisions  of HaloCom,  Inc.  Incentive  Stock
Option Plan,  when, and only when such a Plan is put in place and made available
by the board of Directors, in the foreseeable future.

8.    ADDITIONAL BENEFITS

Pending the availability of funds, and when such funds are deemed available from
a budgetary  stand-point,  the  Executive  shall  receive all other  benefits of
employment  generally available to the Employer's other Executive and managerial
Employees (whenever such benefits are in place) including the following:

Group medical, and limited disability insurance plans

<PAGE>


Six months  severance  payments to the Executive (at his current  salary) if his
employment  is terminated  by us without  cause  (effective  after six months of
employment),  and  premiums  for six months of COBRA  continuation  coverage for
group medical insurance plan.

9.    EXPENSES

The Employer shall reimburse the Executive for reasonable  PRE-APPROVED expenses
incurred in connection with the Executive's  performance of his duties including
travel  expenses,  food, and lodging while away from home. The Executive  cannot
commit the  Employer  into  unapproved  expenses  with third party  Consultants,
Service Vendors,  or other  individuals or entities,  regardless of whether such
services will enhance the Executive's tasks or responsibilities.

10.   EMPLOYEE'S RIGHT OF OWNERSHIP

All inventions  conceived or developed by the Executive  during the term of this
Agreement shall remain the property of the Company, provided however, that as to
all such inventions with respect that the equipment,  supplies,  facilities,  or
trade secret information of the Company was used, or that relate to the business
of the Employer or to the Employer's actual or demonstrably anticipated research
and development, or that result from any work performed by the Executive for the
Employer shall remain the property of the Employer.

11.   INDEMNIFICATION BY EMPLOYER

The Employer shall, to the maximum extent  permitted by law,  indemnify and hold
the Executive  harmless  against,  and shall purchase  indemnity  insurance,  if
available,  and pending the availability of funds, on behalf of the Executive in
the amount of  $1,000,000  for expenses,  including  reasonable  attorney  fees,
judgments,  fines,  settlements,  and  other  amounts  actually  and  reasonably
incurred in connection with any proceeding  arising by reason of the Executive's
employment  by the  Employer.  The Employer  shall  advance to the Executive any
expense  incurred  in  defending  any  such  proceeding  to the  maximum  extent
permitted by law.

12.   EMPLOYER TERMINATION

12.1  INVOLUNTARY  TERMINATION  OF AGREEMENT.  The Employer may  terminate  this
Agreement  without  cause,  either  on the  last day of any  fiscal  year of the
Employer, or with a 30-day prior written notice to the Executive.

12.2  TERMINATION  FOR CAUSE.  The Employer may terminate  this Agreement at any
time without  notice if the  Executive  commits any material act of  dishonesty,
discloses  confidential   information,   is  guilty  of  gross  carelessness  or
misconduct,  or unjustifiably neglects his duties under this Agreement,  or acts
in any way that has a direct, substantial,  and adverse effect on the Employer's
reputation.

<PAGE>


13.   EMPLOYEE TERMINATION

13.1  TERMINATION ON  RESIGNATION  THE EXECUTIVE MAY TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT BY
GIVING THE EMPLOYER 30-DAY PRIOR WRITTEN NOTICE OF RESIGNATION.


13.2  TERMINATION  ON  RETIREMENT  This  Agreement  shall be  terminated  by the
Executive's  voluntary retirement that retirement shall be effective on the last
day of any fiscal year,  provided that the effective  date of retirement  occurs
after the Executive's  65th birthday,  and that the Executive gives the Employer
three months' prior written notice.

13.3  TERMINATION  ON DISABILITY  (1) If, during the period of  employment,  the
Executive  becomes unable due to mental or physical illness or injury to perform
his duties under this Agreement in his normal and regular manner, this Agreement
shall be then terminated; and (2) the Employer has advised the Executive that it
plans to maintain limited disability insurance for its Employees,  including the
Executive.  During  the term of this  Agreement,  the  Employer  shall  maintain
limited  disability  insurance covering the Executive on terms and conditions no
less  favorable  than the  terms  and  conditions  in effect at the date of this
Agreement.

13.4  TERMINATION  UPON  DEATH  If the  Executive  dies  during  the  period  of
employment this Agreement shall then be terminated.

13.5  TERMINATION  OR  ASSIGNMENT  ON MERGER In the event of a merger  where the
Employer is not the surviving  entity,  or of a sale of all or substantially all
of the Employer's  assets,  the Employer may, at its sole option (1) assign this
Agreement and all rights and  obligations  under it to any business  entity that
succeeds to all or  substantially  all of the Employer's  business  through that
merger or sale of assets,  or (2) on at least 30 days' prior  written  notice to
the Executive,  terminate this Agreement  effective on the date of the merger or
sale of assets.

14.   NON-DISCLOSURE AFTER TERMINATION

Because of his  employment  by the Employer,  the Executive  will have access to
trade secrets and confidential information about the Employer, its products, its
customers,  and its methods of doing business. In consideration of his access to
this  information,  the  Executive  agrees that for a period of five years after
termination  of his  employment,  he will not  disclose  such  trade  secrets or
confidential information.

15    ARBITRATION

Any  controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement  shall be
settled by arbitration in accordance  with the Commercial  Arbitration  Rules of
the American Arbitration Association,  and Judgment on the award rendered by the
arbitrators  may be entered in any court  having  jurisdiction.  There  shall be
three  arbitrators,  one to be chosen  directly  by each party at will,  and the
third  arbitrator to be selected by the two  arbitrators  so chosen.  Each party
shall pay the fees of the  arbitrator he selects and of his own  attorneys,  and
the expenses of his witnesses and all other expenses  connected with  presenting
his case.  Other costs of the  arbitration,  including the cost of any record or
transcripts  of the  arbitration,  administrative  fees,  the  fee of the  third
arbitrator, and all other fees and costs, shall be borne equally by the parties.
Despite the

<PAGE>


forgoing,  the arbitrators may assign to one party or the other any and all fees
and costs as part of any arbitration award.


17.   ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement  contains the entire Agreement between the parties and supersedes
all  prior  oral  and  written  Agreements,  understandings,   commitments,  and
practices  between the parties.  No  amendments  to this  Agreement  may be made
except by a writing signed by both parties.

18.   CHOICE OF LAW

The  formation,  construction,  and  performance  of  this  Agreement  shall  be
construed in accordance with the laws of Texas.

19.   NOTICES

Any notice to the Employer  required or permitted  under this Agreement shall be
given in writing to the Employer, either by personal service or by registered or
certified  mail,  postage  prepaid,   addressed  to  [c/o  Blaize  N.  Kaduru  (
President/CEO)] at its then principal place of business.  Any such notice to the
Executive shall be given in a like manner and, if mailed,  shall be addressed to
the Executive at his home address then shown in the  Employer's  files.  For the
purpose  of  determining  compliance  with any time limit in this  Agreement,  a
notice  shall be deemed to have been duly given (1) on the date of  service,  if
served  personally  on the party to whom  notice  is to be given,  or (2) on the
second business day after mailing,  if mailed to the party to whom the notice is
to be given in the manner provided in this section.

20.   SEVERABILITY

If any  provision  of this  Agreement  is held  invalid  or  unenforceable,  the
remainder of this Agreement shall nevertheless  remain in full force and effect.
If any  provision is held invalid or  unenforceable  with respect to  particular
circumstances,  it shall  nevertheless  remain in full  force and  effect in all
other circumstances.

UNDERSTOOD, AGREED & APPROVED

Executed by the parties as of the Effective Date first written above.




Employer: HaloCom Inc.


    /s/ Blaize Kaduru
- ----------------------------------
By


    President and CEO
- ----------------------------------
Title

<PAGE>


Executive: Stanford D. Milnes




   /s/ Stanford D. Milnes
- ----------------------------------
Executive



   Standford D. Milnes
- ----------------------------------
Printed Name


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>c34848_ex10-9.txt
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.9

                  TECHNOLOGY ADVISORY BOARD SERVICES AGREEMENT

This Technology Advisory Services Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of

Effective Date                       ___________, 2004

by and between                       ___________ ("Advisor").

Located at                           ____________________

                                     ____________________

                                     ____________________

And                                  GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP. ("Company"),

located at                           14505 Torrey Chase Blvd., Suite 400,
                                     Houston, TX 77014.

PURPOSE OF THIS AGREEMENT

Gridline Communications Corp. provides broadband over powerline applications and
value-added  services,  and professional  services related to the integration of
certain "power grid  backbone"  on-line  network  functions,  including  without
limitation, other broadband Internet functions.

Technology  Advisory Board Member,  herein known as Advisor,  desires to provide
advice,  contacts,  and other  relevant  strategic  input  needed to enhance the
company's  short-term  objectives,  and long term goal. Gridline  Communications
Corp. and Advisor agree as follows:

1.    SERVICES TO BE PERFORMED AND COMPENSATION

Gridline  Communications Corp. will provide employees or consultants  ("Gridline
Communications  Corp.  Staff") to perform  services at Advisor's  discretion  on
projects as mutually agreed to in writing by Gridline  Communications  Corp. and
Advisor.

The Project Coordinator for Advisor shall be ________,  (if any). All activities
of Gridline  Communications  Corp.  Staff shall be coordinated  with the Project
Coordinator.

<PAGE>


Advisor is responsible for making the necessary contacts,  acting as facilitator
in order to enable discussions for potential services to be rendered by Gridline
Communications  Corp., with potential Utility companies,  ISPs,  Incumbent Local
Exchange Carriers (ILECs),  Home Appliance  Equipment  Manufacturers,  either in
partnership or as a service provider, etc. Advisor may also provide role to fill
in manpower gap currently being experienced by Gridline, in its current start-up
mode.

For services rendered,  the member Advisor will receive 500,000 shares,  (either
as an individual,  or as a corporate  entity),  of Gridline's  founder's company
stock at par value, which the Advisor will pay a subscription fee of $50.00 for,
as part of paid-in capital.

5.    TERM

The term of this Agreement  shall  commence on the Effective  Date, and continue
for two years.

6.    TERMINATION

This  Agreement may be terminated by either party upon 30 days written notice if
the other party  breaches any material  term or condition of the  Agreement  and
such breach remains  uncorrected for fifteen (15) days following  written notice
from the  non-breaching  party specifying the breach;  the business of the other
party terminates; enters into voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceedings or
similar  proceedings  under  state  law;  or  becomes  insolvent  or  makes  any
assignment for the benefit of creditors.

7.    CHANGE OF SCOPE

At any time during the term of this Agreement,  should Advisor desire to provide
Gridline  Communications  Corp.  with any  additional  services in the form of a
modification of or a change to the Services,  Gridline  Communications Corp. and
Advisor shall comply with the following:


SUBMISSION OF REQUEST.  Advisor shall submit to Gridline Communications Corp. in
writing all requests by Advisor for any such  additional  services  which alter,
amend,

<PAGE>


enhance,  add to,  or delete  from the  Services  and/or  time  and/or  place of
performance  (hereinafter  referred  to  as  "Modification/Change   Request"  or
"Request").

ACKNOWLEDGMENT  PROCEDURE.  Gridline  Communications  Corp.  will  evaluate such
Modification/Change  Request  as soon as  possible  but not later than three (3)
working days following Gridline  Communications  Corp.'s receipt of the Request.
Gridline  Communications  Corp.'s written response shall include the impact,  if
any, on the duration.  Gridline  Communications Corp. in its sole discretion may
refuse to accept the Modification/Change Request. Such changes will be such that
it will enhance the company's  position in meeting its stated  objectives,  goal
and interest.

8.    NON-EXCLUSIVE AGREEMENT; CONFIDENTIALITY

8.1   NON-EXCLUSIVITY. This Agreement is non-exclusive

8.2   CONFIDENTIALITY. Each party agrees to afford the other party's Proprietary
Information the same degree of protection against unauthorized use or disclosure
as each party  normally  provides  for its own  proprietary  information  (which
protection  shall not in any case be less than  reasonable),  provided that each
party's obligations  hereunder shall not apply to information which (i) is known
to the receiving party at the time of disclosure by the disclosing  party;  (ii)
is now or  hereafter  in the public  domain  through  no fault of the  receiving
party;  (iii)  is  developed  independently  by the  receiving  party;  (iv)  is
generally known or available through third parties without restriction;  and (v)
is  inadvertently  disclosed  by  the  receiving  party  despite  the  same  and
reasonable degree of protection against unauthorized use or disclosure which the
receiving party normally provides for its own proprietary information.  The term
"Proprietary Information" shall mean documented information which at the time of
its  disclosure  to the  receiving  party is  identified  as  Proprietary  by an
appropriate  stamp or legend.  For purposes of this Agreement,  orally disclosed
information shall not be considered proprietary.

9.    OWNERSHIP OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

9.1   All right,  title and  interest in and to any  pre-existing  copyrightable
works and trademarks of Advisor, will remain the property of Advisor.

<PAGE>


9.2   Client  agrees  that any and all ideas,  concepts,  or other  intellectual
rights and property containing in any way the techniques, knowledge or processes
of the Gridline  Communications Corp. services or Gridline  Communications Corp.
products provided under this Agreement and other related Gridline Communications
Corp.  agreements,  whether or not developed for Advisors contacts,  will remain
the property of Gridline with sole and exclusive  right,  title and ownership in
and to the said  technology.  This section shall survive any termination of this
Agreement.

10.    INDEMNIFICATION FOR ADVISOR

Gridline  agrees  to  hold  harmless  the  Advisor  for any  claims,  (including
reasonable  attorney's  fees and costs)  for any third  party  claims  that said
materials  (whether  or not  incorporated  into the  Project or used by Gridline
Communications  Corp.) infringed upon the copyrights,  trademarks,  trade dress,
publicity rights,  privacy rights and other rights of others or are in violation
of law.

11.    FORCE MAJEURE

Advisor shall not be liable to Gridline failure or delay caused by events beyond
Gridline  Communications  Corp.'s  or  Advisor's  control,  including,   without
limitation,  failure  to furnish  necessary  information;  sabotage;  failure or
delays  in  transportation  or  communication;   failures  or  substitutions  of
equipment; labor disputes; accidents; shortages of labor, fuel, raw materials or
equipment; or technical failures.

12.    GENERAL

GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement  shall be governed and  interpreted by the laws of
the State of Texas excluding its conflict of laws provisions.  The parties agree
that any action  brought  for any dispute  between the parties  relating to this
Agreement shall be resolved through arbitration.

SEVERABILITY;  WAIVER.  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid
or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining  provisions will continue in full
force without  being  impaired or  invalidated  in any way. The parties agree to
replace any invalid

<PAGE>


provision with a valid provision which most closely  approximates the intent and
economic effect of the invalid provision.

HEADINGS. Headings used in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and in
no way define,  limit,  construe or describe the scope or extent of such section
or in any way affect this Agreement.

SUCCESSORS  & ASSIGNS.  Except as provided  herein,  this  Agreement  may not be
assigned  or  otherwise  transferred  without the prior  written  consent of the
non-transferring  party.  In the case of any assignment or transfer which may be
permitted  under this  Agreement,  this  Agreement  or the  relevant  provisions
thereof  shall be binding  upon,  and inure to the benefit  of, the  successors,
executors,  heirs,  representatives,  administrators  and assigns of the parties
hereto.

INDEPENDENT   CONTRACTORS.   The  parties  to  this  Agreement  are  independent
contractors,  and no agency,  partnership,  joint  venture or employee  employer
relationship is intended or created by this Agreement.  Neither party shall have
the power to obligate or bind the other  party.  Personnel  supplied by Gridline
Communications  Corp. shall work exclusively for Gridline  Communications  Corp.
and  shall  not,  for any  purpose,  be  considered  employees  or agents of the
Advisor.  Gridline Communications Corp. assumes full responsibility for the acts
of such  personnel  while  performing  services  hereunder  and  shall be solely
responsible for their supervision, direction and control, compensation, benefits
and taxes.

NOTICE.  Any  notices  required  or  permitted  hereunder  shall be given to the
appropriate party at the address specified above or at such other address as the
party shall specify in writing. Such notice shall be deemed given: upon personal
delivery; if sent by telephone facsimile,  upon confirmation of receipt; if sent
by electronic  mail, upon  confirmation  of receipt;  or if sent by certified or
registered mail, postage prepaid, five (5) days after the date of mailing.

<PAGE>


COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,  each
of which  shall be deemed an original  and all of which shall be taken  together
and deemed to be one instrument.



UNDERSTOOD, AGREED & APPROVED

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  each of the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
Effective Date first written above.

Gridline Communications Corp.           Technology Advisory Board Member:
CORPORATION:



By:                                     By:

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>c34848_ex10-10.txt
<TEXT>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.10

                            TECHNOLOGY ADVISORY BOARD

                               SERVICES AGREEMENT


This Technology Advisory Services Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of

Effective Date                          OCTOBER 1, 2004
by and between                          ENERGY GENERATION INC.
                                        ("Advisor").
Located at                              777 N. Eldridge, Ste. 200
                                        Houston, TX 77079
And                                     GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.
                                        14505 Torrey Chase Blvd., Suite 400
                                        Houston, TX  77014.

PURPOSE OF THIS AGREEMENT

Gridline Communications Corp. provides broadband over powerline applications and
value-added  services,  and professional  services related to the integration of
certain "power grid  backbone"  on-line  network  functions,  including  without
limitation, other broadband Internet functions.

Technology  Advisory Board Member,  herein known as Advisor,  desires to provide
advice,  contacts,  and other  relevant  strategic  input  needed to enhance the
company's short-term objectives, and long-term goal.

GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP. AND ADVISOR AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

1.    SERVICES TO BE PERFORMED AND COMPENSATION

      Gridline  Communications  Corp.  will  provide  employees  or  consultants
      ("Gridline  Communications  Corp. Staff") to perform services at Advisor's
      discretion  on  projects  as  mutually  agreed to in writing  by  Gridline
      Communications Corp. and Advisor.

      The Project  Coordinator for Advisor shall be Phillip P.  Gennarelli,  its
      President.  All activities of Gridline Communications Corp. Staff shall be
      coordinated with the Project Coordinator.

      Advisor  is  responsible  for  making the  necessary  contacts,  acting as
      facilitator in order to enable  discussions  for potential  services to be
      rendered  by  Gridline   Communications   Corp.,  with  potential  utility
      companies, ISPs, Incumbent Local Exchange Carriers (ILECs), Home Appliance
      Equipment  Manufacturers,  either in partnership or as a service provider,
      etc. Advisor may also provide role to fill in manpower gap currently being
      experienced  by  Gridline,  in its present  start-up  mode.  In the event,
      additional manpower is required,  Advisor shall negotiate with

<PAGE>


      Gridline on a project specific basis for per hourly remunerations  subject
      to Section 4 requirements of this agreement.

      For services  rendered,  the member Advisor will receive 1,000,000 shares,
      (either  as  an  individual,  or as a  corporate  entity),  of  Gridline's
      founder's  company  stock  at par  value,  which  the  Advisor  will pay a
      subscription  fee of  $100.00 as part of paid-in  capital.  Advisor  shall
      receive the shares at execution of this agreement.

2.    TERM

      The term of this  Agreement  shall  commence on the  Effective  Date,  and
      continue for two years.

3.    TERMINATION

      This  Agreement  may be  terminated  by either  party upon 30 days written
      notice if the other party  breaches any material  term or condition of the
      Agreement  and such  breach  remains  uncorrected  for  fifteen  (15) days
      following  written  notice from the  non-breaching  party  specifying  the
      breach; the business of the other party terminates;  enters into voluntary
      or involuntary  bankruptcy  proceedings or similar proceedings under state
      law;  or becomes  insolvent  or makes any  assignment  for the  benefit of
      creditors.

4.    CHANGE OF SCOPE

      At any time during the term of this  Agreement,  should  Advisor desire to
      provide Gridline  Communications Corp. with any additional services in the
      form  of  a  modification  of  or  a  change  to  the  Services,  Gridline
      Communications Corp. and Advisor shall comply with the following:

      SUBMISSION  OF REQUEST.  Advisor  shall submit to Gridline  Communications
      Corp. in writing all requests by Advisor for any such additional  services
      that alter,  amend,  enhance,  add to, or delete from the Services  and/or
      time   and/or   place  of   performance   (hereinafter   referred   to  as
      "Modification/Change Request" or "Request").

      ACKNOWLEDGMENT PROCEDURE. Gridline Communications Corp. will evaluate such
      Modification/Change  Request as soon as possible  but not later than three
      (3) working days following Gridline  Communications Corp.'s receipt of the
      Request.  Gridline  Communications  Corp.'s written response shall include
      the impact, if any, on the duration.  Gridline Communications Corp. in its
      sole discretion may refuse to accept the Modification/Change Request. Such
      changes  will be such  that it will  enhance  the  company's  position  in
      meeting its stated objectives, goal and interest.

5.    NON-EXCLUSIVE COMPETE; CONFIDENTIALITY

      5.1  NON-COMPETE.  This  Agreement  is  non-compete.  This  means that the
      Advisor  or  his   agents/representatives   shall  not,   in  any  fashion
      participate or engage in any activity or other business  competitive  with
      the Company's business.

<PAGE>


      5.2  CONFIDENTIALITY.  Each  party  agrees  to afford  the  other  party's
      Proprietary Information the same degree of protection against unauthorized
      use or disclosure as each party normally  provides for its own proprietary
      information  (which  protection  shall  not  in  any  case  be  less  than
      reasonable),  provided that each party's  obligations  hereunder shall not
      apply to information which (i) is known to the receiving party at the time
      of disclosure  by the  disclosing  party;  (ii) is now or hereafter in the
      public domain through no fault of the receiving party;  (iii) is developed
      independently by the receiving party; (iv) is generally known or available
      through  third  parties  without  restriction;  and  (v) is  inadvertently
      disclosed by the receiving party despite the same and reasonable degree of
      protection  against  unauthorized  use or  disclosure  which the receiving
      party  normally  provides for its own  proprietary  information.  The term
      "Proprietary  Information"  shall mean documented  information that at the
      time of its disclosure to the receiving party is identified as Proprietary
      by an appropriate stamp or legend. For purposes of this Agreement,  orally
      disclosed information shall not be considered proprietary.

6.    OWNERSHIP OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

      6.1   All  right,   title  and   interest  in  and  to  any   pre-existing
      copyrightable  works and trademarks of Advisor will remain the property of
      Advisor.

      6.2   Advisor  agrees  that  any  and  all  ideas,   concepts,   or  other
      intellectual  rights and property  containing  in any way the  techniques,
      knowledge or processes of the Gridline  Communications  Corp.  services or
      Gridline  Communications  Corp. products provided under this Agreement and
      other related Gridline  Communications  Corp.  agreements,  whether or not
      developed for Advisors contacts, will remain the property of Gridline with
      sole  and  exclusive  right,  title  and  ownership  in and  to  the  said
      technology. This section shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

7.    INDEMNIFICATION FOR ADVISOR

      Gridline  agrees to hold  harmless the Advisor for any claims,  (including
      reasonable attorney's fees and costs) for any third party claims that said
      materials  (whether  or not  incorporated  into  the  Project  or  used by
      Gridline Communications Corp.) infringed upon the copyrights,  trademarks,
      trade dress,  publicity rights,  privacy rights and other rights of others
      or are in violation of law.

8.    FORCE MAJEURE

      Advisor shall not be liable to Gridline  failure or delay caused by events
      beyond Gridline  Communications  Corp.'s or Advisor's control,  including,
      without limitation,  failure to furnish necessary  information;  sabotage;
      failure  or  delays  in  transportation  or  communication;   failures  or
      substitutions of equipment; labor disputes; accidents; shortages of labor,
      fuel, raw materials or equipment; or technical failures.

<PAGE>


9.    GENERAL

      GOVERNING  LAW. This  Agreement  shall be governed and  interpreted by the
      laws of the State of Texas excluding its conflict of laws provisions.  The
      parties agree that any action brought for any dispute  between the parties
      relating to this Agreement shall be resolved through arbitration.

      SEVERABILITY;  WAIVER.  If any  provision of this  Agreement is held to be
      invalid or  unenforceable  for any reason,  the remaining  provisions will
      continue in full force without being  impaired or  invalidated in any way.
      The parties agree to replace any invalid  provision with a valid provision
      which most  closely  approximates  the intent and  economic  effect of the
      invalid provision.

      HEADINGS.  Headings used in this Agreement are for reference purposes only
      and in no way define,  limit,  construe or describe the scope or extent of
      such section or in any way affect this Agreement.

      SUCCESSORS & ASSIGNS. Except as provided herein, this Agreement may not be
      assigned or otherwise transferred without the prior written consent of the
      non-transferring  party.  In the case of any  assignment or transfer which
      may be  permitted  under this  Agreement,  this  Agreement or the relevant
      provisions thereof shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the
      successors, executors, heirs, representatives,  administrators and assigns
      of the parties hereto.

      INDEPENDENT  CONTRACTORS.  The parties to this  Agreement are  independent
      contractors,  and  no  agency,  partnership,  joint  venture  or  employee
      employer  relationship is intended or created by this  Agreement.  Neither
      party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other party.  Personnel
      supplied by  Gridline  Communications  Corp.  shall work  exclusively  for
      Gridline   Communications  Corp.  and  shall  not,  for  any  purpose,  be
      considered  employees  or agents of the Advisor.  Gridline  Communications
      Corp.  assumes full  responsibility  for the acts of such personnel  while
      performing  services  hereunder and shall be solely  responsible for their
      supervision, direction and control, compensation, benefits and taxes.

      NOTICE. Any notices required or permitted  hereunder shall be given to the
      appropriate  party at the address specified above or at such other address
      as the party shall specify in writing.  Such notice shall be deemed given:
      upon personal delivery; if sent by telephone facsimile,  upon confirmation
      of receipt;  if sent by electronic mail, upon confirmation of receipt;  or
      if sent by certified or registered mail,  postage  prepaid,  five (5) days
      after the date of mailing.

      COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
      each of which shall be deemed an original  and all of which shall be taken
      together and deemed to be one instrument.

<PAGE>


UNDERSTOOD, AGREED & APPROVED

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  each of the parties has executed this  Agreement as of the
Effective Date first written above.

Gridline Communications Corp.             Technology Advisory Board Member:


By:      /s/ Blaize Kaduru                By:      /s/ Phillip P. Gennarelli

Title:   President and CEO                Title:   President
        -------------------------------           ----------------------


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>c34848_23-1.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 23.1

            CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

R. E. BASSIE & CO.
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         6671 Southwest Freeway, Suite 550
                                         Houston, Texas 77074-2220
                                         Tel: (713) 272-8500 Fax: (713) 272-8515
                                         E-Mail: Rebassie@aol.com





The Board of Directors and Stockholders
North Shore Capital IV Inc.:

We consent to the use in this  Information  Statement of North Shore  Capital IV
Inc.  on Form  8-K of our  report  dated  November  19,  2004  on the  financial
statements  of  Gridline  Communications,  Corp.  appearing  elsewhere  in  this
Information Statement.

                           /s/ R. E. Bassie & Co.


Houston, Texas
December 20, 2004

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>c34848_ex99-1.txt
<TEXT>
R. E. BASSIE & CO.

CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        6671 Southwest Freeway, Suite 550
                                        Houston, Texas 77074-2220
                                        Tel: (713) 272-8500 Fax: (713) 272-8515
                                        E-Mail: Rebassie@aol.com




             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
             -------------------------------------------------------

The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Gridline Communications Corp:

We have audited the accompanying  balance sheet of Gridline  Communications Corp
(a  development  stage  company - the  Company) as of September  30,  2004,  and
related statements of operations,  stockholders'  equity, and cash flows for the
period from July 2, 2004 (date of inception)  through  September 30, 2004. These
financial  statements are the  responsibility of the Company's  management.  Our
responsibility  is to express an opinion on these financial  statements based on
our audit.

We conducted  our audit in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audit  provides  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion,  the financial  statements  referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of Gridline Communications Corp as
of September 30, 2004,  and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
period from July 2, 2004 (date of  inception)  through  September  30, 2004,  in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

The  accompanying  financial  statements  have been  prepared  assuming that the
Company  will  continue  as a  going  concern.  As  discussed  in  Note 3 to the
financial  statements,  the  Company is a  development  stage  corporation  with
limited capital.  Successful development and marketing of the Company's products
and the  procurement  of  additional  financing is necessary  for the Company to
continue  as a going  concern.  The  financial  statements  do not  include  any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

                           /s/ R. E. Bassie & Co.



Houston, Texas
November 19, 2004

<PAGE>


                          GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.

                                  BALANCE SHEET

                               September 30, 2004
                          (A Development Stage Company)


                                     Assets

Current assets:
   Cash                                                            $     23,547

   Prepaid expenses                                                       5,000
                                                                   ------------
        Total assets - current                                     $     28,547
                                                                   ============


                      LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Liabilities:
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                 37,183
   Accrued interest payable                                               4,680
   Convertible notes payable                                            479,500
                                                                   ------------
             Total liabilities - current                                521,363
                                                                   ------------

Stockholders' equity (deficit):
   Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value,
      20,000,000 shares authorized
      None issued                                                            --
   Common stock, $.0001 par value
      Authorized 230,000,000 shares:
      94,600,000 shares issued and
      outstanding at September 30, 2004                                   9,460
   Deficit accumulated during the
      development stage                                                (501,876)
                                                                   ------------
                                                                       (492,416)
   Less stock subscriptions receivable                                     (400)
                                                                   ------------
             Total stockholders' equity (deficit)                      (492,816)


                                                                   ------------
                 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity        $     28,547
                                                                   ============


See accompanying notes to financial statements.

<PAGE>


                          GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.

                             STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

For the period from July 2, 2004 (date of inception) through September 30, 2004
                         (A Development Stage Company)

Revenues                                                           $         --

Costs and expenses:
   Research and development costs                                       300,000
   Selling, general and administrative                                  197,196
                                                                   ------------
       Total cost and expenses                                          497,196
                                                                   ------------

       Operating loss                                                  (497,196)

Other expenses - interest expense                                        (4,680)

                                                                   ------------
       Net loss                                                    $   (501,876)
                                                                   ============



See accompanying notes to financial statements.

<PAGE>


                          GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.

                             STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the period from July 2, 2004 (date of inception) through September 30, 2004

                         (A Development Stage Company)

Cash flows from operating activities:
   Net loss                                                        $   (501,876)
   Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
      used in operating activities:
         (Increase) decrease in operating assets and liabilities:

            Stock subscriptions receivable                                 (400)
            Prepaid expenses                                             (5,000)
            Accounts payable and accrued expenses                        37,183
            Accrued interest payable                                      4,680
                                                                   ------------
               Net cash used in operating activities                   (465,413)
                                                                   ------------

Cash flows from investing activities                                         --

Cash flows from financing activities:

   Proceeds from issuance of common shares under private placement        9,460
   Proceeds from sale of convertible notes                              479,500
                                                                   ------------
               Net cash provided by financing activities                488,960
                                                                   ------------

               Net increase in cash                                      23,547

Cash at July 2, 2004 (date of inception)                                     --
                                                                   ------------
Cash at September 30, 2004                                         $     23,547
                                                                   ============



See accompanying notes to financial statements.

<PAGE>


                          GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.

                        STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

For the period from July 2, 2004 (date of inception) through September 30, 2004
                          (A Development Stage Company)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                            Deficit
                                                                                         accumulated                      Total
                                                                                         during the        Stock       stockholders'
                                        Preferred Stock             Common Stock         development   subscriptions      equity
                                      shares        amount      shares         amount       stage       receivable       (deficit)
                                     ---------    ---------   -----------    ---------   -----------   -------------   -------------
<S>           <C>                    <C>                      <C>            <C>          <C>            <C>             <C>
Balance, July 2, 2004                $      --           --   $        --    $      --    $      --      $      --       $      --

   Issuance of common shares under
      private placement                     --           --    94,600,000        9,460           --           (400)          9,060

   Net loss                                 --           --            --           --     (501,876)            --        (501,876)

                                     ---------    ---------   -----------    ---------    ---------      ---------       ---------
Balance, September 30, 2004          $      --           --    94,600,000    $   9,460    $(501,876)     $    (400)      $(492,816)
                                     =========    =========   ===========    =========    =========      =========       =========
</TABLE>



See accompanying notes to financial statements.

<PAGE>


                          GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

                               September 30, 2004


(1)    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

       ORGANIZATION, OWNERSHIP AND BUSINESS

       Gridline  Communications Corp. (the "Company"),  formerly Halocom,  Inc.,
       was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on July 2, 2004.
       The Company is a development  stage company formed to provide  integrated
       distribution of broadband  signaling and connectivity  through electrical
       power lines,  to homes,  and offices.  The company plan to provide  Power
       Line  Communication  (PLC),  (which  the  company  may refer to as BPL or
       broadband  over  powerline),  method  of  communications  using  existing
       electric power transmission and electricity  distribution lines. It means
       the company may use  powerline  communications  (PLC) or  broadband  over
       powerline (BPL),  interchangeably.  PLC technology will allow us, through
       the  utilities  companies,  to send or  communicate  more robust data and
       voice over standard 50 or 60 Hz voltage frequency.  The Company, Inc. has
       realized that the dominant  policy trend across the United States and the
       entire  rest  of the  Globe  remains  deregulation,  liberalization,  and
       privatization of the telecommunications sector, and services. This global
       transformation  is  precipitating  a deluge of such  high  volume of data
       Internet traffic, which is exceeding the volume of voice traffic.

       ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE

       Accounts  receivable  consist  primarily of trade  receivables,  net of a
       valuation allowance for doubtful accounts.

       INVENTORIES

       Inventories  are  valued at the  lower-of-cost  or market on a  first-in,
       first-out basis.

       INVESTMENT SECURITIES

       The Company  accounts for its investments in accordance with Statement of
       Financial   Accounting   Standards  No.  115,   "Accounting  for  Certain
       Investments  in Debt and Equity  Securities."  Management  determines the
       appropriate classification of its investments in marketable securities at
       the time of purchase and reevaluates  such  determination at each balance
       sheet  date.  Securities  that are  bought and held  principally  for the
       purpose  of  selling  them in the near  term are  classified  as  trading
       securities.  Debt  securities  for  which the  Company  does not have the
       intent  or  ability  to  hold  to  maturity  and  equity  securities  not
       classified as trading  securities are  classified as  available-for-sale.
       The cost of investments sold is determined on the specific identification
       or the first-in,  first-out  method.  Trading  securities are reported at
       fair value with unrealized gains and losses  recognized in earnings,  and
       available-for-sale  securities  are  also  reported  at  fair  value  but
       unrealized  gains and losses are shown in the caption  "unrealized  gains
       (losses) on shares available-for-sale"  included in stockholders' equity.
       Management  determines  fair  value of its  investments  based on  quoted
       market prices at each balance sheet date.

<PAGE>


                          GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

                               September 30, 2004


       PROPERTY, EQUIPMENT AND DEPRECIATION

       Property   and   equipment   are   recorded  at  cost  less   accumulated
       depreciation. Upon retirement or sale, the cost of the assets disposed of
       and the related  accumulated  depreciation are removed from the accounts,
       with any resultant gain or loss being  recognized as a component of other
       income or expense.  Depreciation  is computed over the  estimated  useful
       lives of the  assets  (5-20  years)  using the  straight-line  method for
       financial  reporting  purposes  and  accelerated  methods  for income tax
       purposes. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred.

       ADVERTISING COSTS

       The cost of advertising is expensed as incurred.

       RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

       Research and development costs are expensed as incurred.

       INCOME TAXES

       The Company is a taxable  entity and  recognizes  deferred tax assets and
       liabilities for the future tax  consequences  attributable to differences
       between the financial  statement  carrying amounts of existing assets and
       liabilities  and their  respective  tax  basis.  Deferred  tax assets and
       liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to be in effect
       when the temporary  differences  reverse.  The effect on the deferred tax
       assets and  liabilities  of a change in tax rates is recognized in income
       in the year  that  includes  the  enactment  date of the rate  change.  A
       valuation  allowance is used to reduce  deferred tax assets to the amount
       that is more likely than not to be realized.

       MANAGEMENT'S ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS

       The  preparation  of financial  statements in conformity  with  generally
       accepted accounting  principles requires management to make estimates and
       assumptions  that affect the reported  amounts of assets and liabilities,
       disclosure  of  contingent  assets  and  liabilities  at the  date of the
       financial statements,  and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses.
       Actual results could differ from these estimates.

       STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

       The  Company   has  chosen  to   continue  to  account  for   stock-based
       compensation  using the intrinsic  value method  prescribed in Accounting
       Principles  Board  Opinion  No.  25,  "Accounting  for  Stock  Issued  to
       Employees",  and  related  Interpretations  and to elect  the  disclosure
       option  of SFAS  No.  123,  "Accounting  for  Stock-Based  Compensation".
       Accordingly,  compensation  cost for stock options issued to employees is
       measured as the excess, if any, of the quoted market price

<PAGE>


                          GRIDLINE COMMUNICATIONS CORP.
                          (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)

                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

                               September 30, 2004


       of the  Company's  stock at the date of the  grant  over  the  amount  an
       employee must pay to acquire the stock.

       FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

       The Company  estimates the fair value of its financial  instruments using
       available  market  information and appropriate  valuation  methodologies.
       However, considerable judgment is required in interpreting market data to
       develop the estimates of fair value.  Accordingly,  the Company estimates
       of fair value are not  necessarily  indicative  of the  amounts  that the
       Company could realize in a current market exchange.  The use of different
       market  assumption  and/or  estimation  methodologies may have a material
       effect on the estimated fair value amounts. The interest rates payable by
       the Company on its notes payable  approximate  market rates.  The Company
       believes  that the fair  value of its  financial  instruments  comprising
       accounts  receivable,  notes  receivable,  accounts  payable,  and  notes
       payable approximate their carrying amounts.

(2)    CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE

       Convertible notes payable (the Notes) represent 8% convertible notes that
       will mature on September 10, 2005.  The notes bears  interest at the rate
       of 8% per annum and will be payable on the maturity  date.  The notes are
       convertible  into the Company's  common stock in whole or in part, at the
       election  of the  holder  at any  time  prior to the  maturity  date at a
       conversion price of $.10 per share, unless previously  redeemed,  subject
       to certain conditions.  The notes are redeemable, in whole or in part, at
       the option of the  Company at any time prior to the  maturity  date for a
       cash  amount  equal to the  redemption  price (105% of  principal  amount
       thereof, together with accrued interest to the redemption date).

       The  Company is  offering  the Note only to  "accredited  investors"  (as
       defined by Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended).

(3)    GOING CONCERN

       The Company is a  development  stage  corporation  with limited  capital.
       Successful  development  and marketing of the Company's  products and the
       procurement  of  additional  financing  is  necessary  for the Company to
       continue as a going concern.

       In view of these matters, realization of a major portion of the assets in
       the accompanying  balance sheet is dependent upon continued operations of
       the Company.  Management  believes that actions  presently being taken to
       obtain  additional  equity  financing  will  provide the  opportunity  to
       continue as a going concern.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
