-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 QNRL1woHyhctB0KF5OtE98l7Sa1iXn/NDXpjmruHH1VnU28Fvfw/AVV/k4OWqs37
 bKaJZzjWx0pGIgLqmyvmFg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001144204-04-022606.txt : 20041223
<SEC-HEADER>0001144204-04-022606.hdr.sgml : 20041223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041223132554
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-04-022606
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041223
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WORLD WASTE TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000890447
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS, NEC [3679]
		IRS NUMBER:				953977501
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11476
		FILM NUMBER:		041223471

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13520 EVENING CREEK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 130
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93065
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8583913400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13520 EVENING CREEK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 130
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93065

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VOICE POWERED TECHNOLOGY INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940831
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>v010273_8k.txt
<TEXT>
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 Current Report
     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

                        Date of Report: December 23, 2004
               Date of Earliest Event Reported: December 21, 2004

                         WORLD WASTE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

                                   California
                 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

         1-11476                                     95-3977501
  -----------------------                ------------------------------------
  (Commission File Number)               (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

 13520 Evening Creek Drive, Suite 130, San Diego, California           92128
- ------------------------------------------------------------         ----------
         (Address of Principal Executive Offices)                    (Zip Code)

                                 (858) 391-3400
              ----------------------------------------------------
              (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

          (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

|_|   Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17
      CFR 230.425).

|_|   Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
      240.14a-12).

|_|   Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
      Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)).

|_|   Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
      Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)).

<PAGE>

ITEM 5.02. DEPARTURE OF DIRECTORS OR PRINCIPAL OFFICERS; ELECTION OF DIRECTORS;
APPOINTMENT OF PRINCIPAL OFFICERS

On December 21, 2004, the board of directors of World Waste Technologies, Inc.
("WWT") announced the appointment of James L. Ferris, Ph.D. to serve as a member
of WWT's board of directors effective December 21, 2004. Mr. Ferris has served
as a member of the board of directors of Albany International Executive since
2000. Mr. Ferris has been a trustee of the Institute of Paper Science and
Technology since 2003 and prior to that he was the President and Chief Executive
Officer of the Institute of Paper Science and Technology from 1996 to 2003. Mr.
Ferris completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School in
1992, received his Ph.D. (1972) and M.S. (1969) in Paper Science and Engineering
from Lewiston University and his B.S. in Chemical Engineering from the
University of Washington in 1969.

Mr. Ferris entered into WWT's standard indemnification agreement for directors
and officers of the Company, which provides, among other things, that WWT will
indemnify Mr. Ferris, under the circumstances set forth therein, for defense
expenses, damages, judgments, fines and settlements incurred by him in
connection with actions or proceedings to which he may be a party as a result of
his position as a director officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of WWT, and
otherwise to the full extent permitted under WWT's bylaws and California law.

Mr. Ferris has no family relationships with WWT. As compensation for his service
as a director, Mr. Ferris will be reimbursed expenses for attending meetings of
the Board of Directors and was awarded an option to purchase 7,000 shares of WWT
common stock with an exercise price of $[3.75] that vests 25% each fiscal
quarter and will be fully vested one year from the date of grant. The option is
exercisable for 10 years.

On December 22, 2004, WWT issued a press release announcing the appointment of
Mr. Ferris to the Board of Directors of WWT. A copy of the WWT's press release
is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

(c) Exhibits.

The following exhibits are filed as exhibits to this Current Report on Form 8-K:

EXHIBIT NO.   DESCRIPTION

       10.1   Indemnification Agreement, dated December 21, 2004 between WWT and
              James L. Ferris.
       99.1   Press Release dated December 22, 2004

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                       WORLD WASTE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                       By:  /s/ Thomas L. Collins
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Thomas L. Collins
                                            Chief Executive Officer
Date: December 23, 2004

<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

EXHIBIT NO.   DESCRIPTION

       10.1   Indemnification Agreement, dated December 21, 2004 between WWT and
              James L. Ferris.
       99.1   Press Release dated December 22, 2004

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>v010273_ex10-1.txt
<TEXT>
                               INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

      THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered into this
21st day of December, 2004, between World Waste Technologies, Inc., a California
corporation (the "Company"), and James L. Ferris ("Indemnitee").

                                    RECITALS:

      A. Indemnitee, as a member of the Company's Board of Directors and/or an
officer of the Company, performs valuable services for the Company.

      B. The Company and Indemnitee recognize the continued difficulty in
obtaining liability insurance for corporate directors, officers, employees,
controlling persons, agents and fiduciaries, the significant increases in the
cost of such insurance and the general reductions in the coverage of such
insurance.

      C. The Company and Indemnitee further recognize the substantial increase
in corporate litigation in general, subjecting directors, officers, employees,
controlling persons, agents and fiduciaries to expensive litigation risks at the
same time as the availability and coverage of liability insurance has been
severely limited.

      D. The stockholders of the Company have adopted Bylaws (the "Bylaws")
providing for the indemnification of the officers, directors, agents and
employees of the Company to the maximum extent authorized by the California
Corporations Code, as amended ("CCC").

      E. Indemnitee does not regard the current protection available for the
Company's directors, officers, employees, controlling persons, agents and
fiduciaries as adequate under the present circumstances, and Indemnitee and
other directors, officers, employees, controlling persons, agents and
fiduciaries of the Company may not be willing to serve or continue to serve in
such capacities without additional protection.

      F. The Bylaws and the CCC, by their non-exclusive nature, permit contracts
between the Company and its directors, officers, employees, controlling persons,
agents or fiduciaries with respect to indemnification of such directors.

      G. The Company (a) desires to attract and retain the involvement of highly
qualified individuals, such as Indemnitee, to serve the Company and, in part, in
order to induce Indemnitee to be involved with the Company and (b) wishes to
provide for the indemnification and advancing of expenses to Indemnitee to the
maximum extent permitted by law.

      H. In view of the considerations set forth above, the Company desires that
Indemnitee be indemnified by the Company as set forth herein.

<PAGE>

                                   AGREEMENT:

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Indemnitee's service to the Company,
the parties hereto agree as follows:

      1. INDEMNITY OF INDEMNITEE. The Company hereby agrees to indemnify
Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law, even if such indemnification
is not specifically authorized by the other provisions of this Agreement, the
Company's Certificate of Incorporation (the "Certificate"), the Company's Bylaws
or by statute. In the event of any change after the date of this Agreement in
any applicable law, statute or rule which expands the right of a California
corporation to indemnify a member of its Board of Directors or an officer,
employee, controlling person, agent or fiduciary, it is the intent of the
parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater
benefits afforded by such change. In the event of any change in any applicable
law, statute or rule which narrows the right of a California corporation to
indemnify a member of its Board of Directors or an officer, employee, agent or
fiduciary, such change, to the extent not otherwise required by such law,
statute or rule to be applied to this Agreement, shall have no effect on this
Agreement or the parties' rights and obligations hereunder except as set forth
in Section 9(a) hereof.

      2. ADDITIONAL INDEMNITY. The Company hereby agrees to hold harmless and
indemnify the Indemnitee:

            (a) Against any and all expenses incurred by Indemnitee, as set
      forth in Section 3(a) below; and

            (b) Otherwise to the fullest extent not prohibited by the
      Certificate, the Bylaws or the CCC.

      3. INDEMNIFICATION RIGHTS.

            (a) Indemnification of Expenses. The Company shall indemnify and
      hold harmless Indemnitee, together with Indemnitee's partners, affiliates,
      employees, agents and spouse and each person who controls any of them or
      who may be liable within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act
      of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or Section 20 of the
      Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), to the
      fullest extent permitted by law if Indemnitee was or is or becomes a party
      to or witness or other participant in, or is threatened to be made a party
      to or witness or other participant in, any threatened, pending or
      completed action, suit, proceeding or alternative dispute resolution
      mechanism, or any hearing, inquiry or investigation that Indemnitee and
      the Company believe might lead to the institution of any such action,
      suit, proceeding or alternative dispute resolution mechanism, whether
      civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or other (hereinafter a
      "Claim") against (i) any and all expenses (including attorneys' fees) and
      all other costs, expenses and obligations incurred in connection with
      investigating, defending, being a witness in or participating in
      (including on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a witness in or
      participate in, a Claim, (ii) judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid
      in settlement (if such settlement is approved in advance by the Company,
      which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld) of a Claim and (iii)
      any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a
      result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this
      Agreement (collectively, hereinafter "Expenses"), including all interest,
      assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in
      respect of such Expenses, incurred by Indemnitee by reason of (or arising
      in part out of) any event or occurrence related to the fact that
      Indemnitee is or was a director, officer, employee, controlling person,
      agent or fiduciary of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or is
      or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer,
      employee, controlling person, agent or fiduciary of another corporation,
      partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or by reason of any
      action or inaction on the part of Indemnitee while serving in such
      capacity including, without limitation, any and all losses, claims,
      damages, expenses and liabilities, joint or several (including any
      investigation, legal and other expenses incurred in connection with, and
      any amount paid in settlement of, any action, suit, proceeding or any
      claim asserted) under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other
      federal or state statutory law or regulation, at common law or otherwise,
      which relate directly or indirectly to the registration, purchase, sale or
      ownership of any securities of the Company or to any fiduciary obligation
      owed with respect thereto (hereinafter an "Indemnification Event"). The
      Company shall make such payment of Expenses as soon as practicable but in
      any event no later than 25 days after written demand by Indemnitee
      therefor is presented to the Company.


                                       2
<PAGE>

            (b) Reviewing Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the
      obligations of the Company under Section 2 shall be subject to the
      condition that the Reviewing Party (as described in Section 11(e) hereof)
      shall not have determined (in a written opinion, in any case in which the
      Independent Legal Counsel as defined in Section 11(d) hereof is involved)
      that Indemnitee would not be permitted to be indemnified under applicable
      law and (ii) and Indemnitee acknowledges and agrees that the obligation of
      the Company to make an advance payment of Expenses to Indemnitee pursuant
      to Section 4(a) (an "Expense Advance") shall be subject to the condition
      that, if, when and to the extent that the Reviewing Party determines that
      Indemnitee would not be permitted to be so indemnified under applicable
      law, the Company shall be entitled to be reimbursed by Indemnitee (who
      hereby agrees to reimburse the Company) for all such amounts theretofore
      paid; provided, however, that if Indemnitee has commenced or thereafter
      commences legal proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction to secure
      a determination that Indemnitee should be indemnified under applicable
      law, any determination made by the Reviewing Party that Indemnitee would
      not be permitted to be indemnified under applicable law shall not be
      binding and Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for
      any Expense Advance until a final judicial determination is made with
      respect thereto (as to which all rights of appeal therefrom have been
      exhausted or lapsed). Indemnitee's obligation to reimburse the Company for
      any Expense Advance shall be unsecured and no interest shall be charged
      thereon. If there has not been a Change in Control (as defined in Section
      11(c) hereof), the Reviewing Party shall be selected by the Board of
      Directors, and if there has been such a Change in Control (other than a
      Change in Control which has been approved by a majority of the Company's
      Board of Directors who were directors immediately prior to such Change in
      Control), the Reviewing Party shall be the Independent Legal Counsel
      referred to in Section 3(e) hereof. If there has been no determination by
      the Reviewing Party or if the Reviewing Party determines that Indemnitee
      substantively would not be permitted to be indemnified in whole or in part
      under applicable law, Indemnitee shall have the right to commence
      litigation seeking an initial determination by the court or challenging
      any such determination by the Reviewing Party or any aspect thereof,
      including the legal or factual bases therefor, and the Company hereby
      consents to service of process and to appear in any such proceeding. Any
      determination by the Reviewing Party otherwise shall be conclusive and
      binding on the Company and Indemnitee.


                                       3
<PAGE>

            (c) Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in Section
      3(a) above for any reason is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
      be unavailable to an Indemnitee in respect of any losses, claims, damages,
      expenses or liabilities referred to therein, then the Company, in lieu of
      indemnifying Indemnitee thereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or
      payable by Indemnitee as a result of such losses, claims, damages,
      expenses or liabilities (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to
      reflect the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee or
      (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by
      applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only
      the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the
      relative fault of the Company and Indemnitee in connection with the action
      or inaction which resulted in such losses, claims, damages, expenses or
      liabilities, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. In
      connection with the registration of the Company's securities, the relative
      benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee shall be deemed to be in
      the same respective proportions that the net proceeds from the offering
      (before deducting expenses) received by the Company and the Indemnitee, in
      each case as set forth in the table on the cover page of the applicable
      prospectus, bear to the aggregate public offering price of the securities
      so offered. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnitee shall be
      determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or
      alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged
      omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the
      Company or Indemnitee and the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access
      to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or
      omission.

            The Company and Indemnitee agree that it would not be just and
      equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 3(c) were determined by
      pro rata or per capita allocation or by any other method of allocation
      which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in
      the immediately preceding paragraph. In connection with the registration
      of the Company's securities, in no event shall an Indemnitee be required
      to contribute any amount under this Section 3(c) in excess of the lesser
      of (i) that proportion of the total of such losses, claims, damages or
      liabilities indemnified against equal to the proportion of the total
      securities sold under such registration statement which is being sold by
      Indemnitee or (ii) the proceeds received by Indemnitee from its sale of
      securities under such registration statement. No person found guilty of
      fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 10(f) of the
      Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was
      not found guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

            (d) Survival Regardless of Investigation. The indemnification and
      contribution provided for herein will remain in full force and effect
      regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of Indemnitee or any
      officer, director, employee, agent or controlling person of Indemnitee.


                                       4
<PAGE>

            (e) Change in Control. After the date hereof, the Company agrees
      that if there is a Change in Control of the Company (other than a Change
      in Control which has been approved by a majority of the Company's Board of
      Directors who were directors immediately prior to such Change in Control)
      then, with respect to all matters thereafter arising concerning the rights
      of Indemnitee to payments of Expenses under this Agreement or any other
      agreement or under the Company's Certificate or Bylaws as now or hereafter
      in effect, Independent Legal Counsel (as defined in Section 11(d) hereof)
      shall be selected by Indemnitee and approved by the Company (which
      approval shall not be unreasonably withheld). Such counsel, among other
      things, shall render its written opinion to the Company and Indemnitee as
      to whether and to what extent Indemnitee would be permitted to be
      indemnified under applicable law. The Company agrees to abide by such
      opinion and to pay the reasonable fees of the Independent Legal Counsel
      referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all
      reasonable expenses (including attorneys' fees), claims, liabilities and
      damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement
      pursuant hereto.

            (f) Mandatory Payment of Expenses. Notwithstanding any other
      provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee has been
      successful on the merits or otherwise, including, without limitation, the
      dismissal of an action without prejudice, in the defense of any action,
      suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation referred to in Section 3(a)
      hereof or in the defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, Indemnitee
      shall be indemnified against all Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in
      connection herewith.

      4. EXPENSES; INDEMNIFICATION PROCEDURE.

            (a) Advancement of Expenses. The Company shall advance all Expenses
      incurred by Indemnitee. The advances to be made hereunder shall be paid by
      the Company to Indemnitee as soon as practicable but in any event no later
      than ten business days after written demand by Indemnitee therefor to the
      Company.

            (b) Notice/Cooperation by Indemnitee. Indemnitee shall give the
      Company notice in writing in accordance with Section 15 of this Agreement
      as soon as practicable of any Claim made against Indemnitee for which
      indemnification will or could be sought under this Agreement.

            (c) No Presumptions; Burden of Proof. For purposes of this
      Agreement, the termination of any Claim by judgment, order, settlement
      (whether with or without court approval) or conviction, or upon a plea of
      nolo contendere, or its equivalent, shall not create a presumption that
      Indemnitee did not meet any particular standard of conduct or have any
      particular belief or that a court has determined that indemnification is
      not permitted by applicable law. In addition, neither the failure of the
      Reviewing Party to have made a determination as to whether Indemnitee has
      met any particular standard of conduct or had any particular belief, nor
      an actual determination by the Reviewing Party that Indemnitee has not met
      such standard of conduct or did not have such belief, prior to the
      commencement of legal proceedings by Indemnitee to secure a judicial
      determination that Indemnitee should be indemnified under applicable law,
      shall be a defense to Indemnitee's claim or create a presumption that
      Indemnitee has not met any particular standard of conduct or did not have
      any particular belief. In connection with any determination by the
      Reviewing Party or otherwise as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to be
      indemnified hereunder, the burden of proof shall be on the Company to
      establish that Indemnitee is not so entitled.


                                       5
<PAGE>

            (d) Notice to Insurers. If, at the time of the receipt by the
      Company of a notice of a Claim pursuant to Section 4(b) hereof, the
      Company has liability insurance in effect which may cover such Claim, the
      Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such Claim to the
      insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in each of the
      Company's policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or
      desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee,
      all amounts payable as a result of such action, suit, proceeding, inquiry
      or investigation in accordance with the terms of such policies.

            Selection of Counsel. In the event the Company shall be obligated
      hereunder to pay the Expenses of any Claim, the Company shall be entitled
      to assume the defense of such Claim, with counsel approved by the
      Indemnitee (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld) upon the
      delivery to Indemnitee of written notice of its election to do so. After
      delivery of such notice, approval of such counsel by Indemnitee and the
      retention of such counsel by the Company, the Company will not be liable
      to Indemnitee under this Agreement for any fees of counsel subsequently
      incurred by Indemnitee with respect to the same Claim; provided that (i)
      Indemnitee shall have the right to employ Indemnitee's counsel in any such
      Claim at Indemnitee's expense and (ii) if (A) the employment of counsel by
      Indemnitee has been previously authorized by the Company, (B) Indemnitee
      shall have reasonably concluded that there is a conflict of interest
      between the Company and Indemnitee in the conduct of any such defense or
      (C) the Company shall not continue to retain such counsel to defend such
      Claim, then the fees and expenses of Indemnitee's counsel shall be at the
      expense of the Company.

      5. NONEXCLUSIVITY. The indemnification provided by this Agreement shall be
in addition to any rights to which Indemnitee may be entitled under the
Company's Certificate of Incorporation, its Bylaws, any agreement, any vote of
stockholders or disinterested directors, the CCC, or otherwise. The
indemnification provided under this Agreement shall continue as to Indemnitee
for any action Indemnitee took or did not take while serving in an indemnified
capacity even though Indemnitee may have ceased to serve in such capacity.

      6. NO DUPLICATION OF PAYMENTS. The Company shall not be liable under this
Agreement to make any payment in connection with any Claim made against any
Indemnitee to the extent Indemnitee has otherwise actually received payment
(under any insurance policy, Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaw or otherwise)
of the amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder.


                                       6
<PAGE>

      7. PARTIAL INDEMNIFICATION. If any Indemnitee is entitled under any
provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for any portion of
Expenses incurred in connection with any Claim, but not, however, for all of the
total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for
the portion of such Expenses to which Indemnitee is entitled.

      8. MUTUAL ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. The Company and Indemnitee acknowledge that in
certain instances, Federal law or applicable public policy may prohibit the
Company from indemnifying its directors, officers, employees, controlling
persons, agents or fiduciaries under this Agreement or otherwise. Each
Indemnitee understands and acknowledges that the Company has undertaken or may
be required in the future to undertake with the Securities and Exchange
Commission to submit the question of indemnification to a court in certain
circumstances for a determination of the Company's rights under public policy to
indemnify Indemnitee.

      9. EXCEPTIONS. Any other provision herein to the contrary notwithstanding,
the Company shall not be obligated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement:

            (a) Claims Initiated by Indemnitee. To indemnify or advance expenses
      to any Indemnitee with respect to Claims initiated or brought voluntarily
      by Indemnitee and not by way of defense, except (i) with respect to
      actions or proceedings to establish or enforce a right to indemnify under
      this Agreement or any other agreement or insurance policy or under the
      Company's Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws now or hereafter in
      effect relating to Claims for Indemnifiable Events, (ii) in specific cases
      if the Board of Directors has approved the initiation or bringing of such
      Claim or (iii) as otherwise required under the CCC, regardless of whether
      Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such
      indemnification, advance expense payment or insurance recovery, as the
      case may be;

            (b) Claims Under Section 16(b). To indemnify Indemnitee for expenses
      and the payment of profits arising from the purchase and sale by
      Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act
      or any similar successor statute; or

            (c) Claims Excluded Under the California Corporations Code. To
      indemnify Indemnitee if (i) Indemnitee did not act in good faith or in a
      manner reasonably believed by such Indemnitee to be in or not opposed to
      the best interests of the Company, (ii) with respect to any criminal
      action or proceeding, Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe
      Indemnitee's conduct was unlawful or (iii) Indemnitee shall have been
      adjudged to be liable to the Company unless and only to the extent the
      court in which such action was brought shall permit indemnification as
      provided in the CCC.

      10. PERIOD OF LIMITATIONS. No legal action shall be brought and no cause
of action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against any
Indemnitee, any Indemnitee's estate, spouse, heirs, executors or personal or
legal representatives after the expiration of five years from the date of
accrual of such cause of action, and any claim or cause of action of the Company
shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing
of a legal action within such five-year period; provided, however, that if any
shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause of
action, such shorter period shall govern.


                                       7
<PAGE>

      11. CONSTRUCTION OF CERTAIN PHRASES.

            (a) For purposes of this Agreement, references to the "Company"
      shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent
      corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a
      consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued,
      would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers,
      employees, agents or fiduciaries, so that if Indemnitee is or was a
      director, officer, employee, agent, control person or fiduciary of such
      constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such
      constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee, control person,
      agent or fiduciary of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
      employee benefit plan, trust or other enterprise, Indemnitee shall stand
      in the same position under the provisions of this Agreement with respect
      to the resulting or surviving corporation as Indemnitee would have with
      respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had
      continued.

            (b) For purposes of this Agreement, references to "other
      enterprises" shall include employee benefit plans; references to "fines"
      shall include any excise taxes assessed on any Indemnitee with respect to
      an employee benefit plan; and references to "serving at the request of the
      Company" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent
      or fiduciary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services
      by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to
      an employee benefit plan, its participants or its beneficiaries; and if
      any Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably
      believed to be in the interests of the participants and beneficiaries of
      an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a
      manner "not opposed to the best interests of the Company" as referred to
      in this Agreement.

            (c) For purposes of this Agreement a "Change in Control" shall be
      deemed to have occurred if (i) any "person" (as such term is used in
      Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), other than a trustee
      or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of
      the Company or a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the
      stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their
      ownership of stock of the Company, (A) who is or becomes the beneficial
      owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing
      10% or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding
      Voting Securities, increases his or her beneficial ownership of such
      securities by 5% or more over the percentage so owned by such person or
      (B) becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under said
      Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
      representing more than 20% of the total voting power represented by the
      Company's then outstanding Voting Securities, (ii) during any period of
      two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period
      constitute the Board of Directors of the Company and any new director
      whose election by the Board of Directors or nomination for election by the
      Company's stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of
      the directors then still in office who either were directors at the
      beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was
      previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority
      thereof or (iii) the stockholders of the Company approve a merger or
      consolidation of the Company with any other corporation other than a
      merger or consolidation which would result in the Voting Securities of the
      Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent
      (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into Voting
      Securities of the surviving entity) at least 80% of the total voting power
      represented by the Voting Securities of the Company or such surviving
      entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or the
      stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the
      Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of (in
      one transaction or a series of transactions) all or substantially all of
      the Company's assets.


                                       8
<PAGE>

            (d) For purposes of this Agreement, "Independent Legal Counsel"
      shall mean an attorney or firm of attorneys, selected in accordance with
      the provisions of Section 3(d) hereof, who shall not have otherwise
      performed services for the Company or any Indemnitee within the last three
      years (other than with respect to matters concerning the right of any
      Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar
      indemnity agreements).

            (e) For purposes of this Agreement, a "Reviewing Party" shall mean
      any appropriate person or body consisting of a member or members of the
      Company's Board of Directors or any other person or body appointed by the
      Board of Directors who is not a party to the particular Claim for which
      Indemnitee are seeking indemnification, or Independent Legal Counsel.

            (f) For purposes of this Agreement, "Voting Securities" shall mean
      any securities of the Company that vote generally in the election of
      directors.

      12. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original.

      13. BINDING EFFECT; SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties
hereto and their respective successors, assigns, including any direct or
indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or
substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company, spouses, heirs,
and personal and legal representatives. The Company shall require and cause any
successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or
otherwise) to all, substantially all, or a substantial part, of the business
and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance
satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this
Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be
required to perform if no such succession had taken place. This Agreement shall
continue in effect with respect to Claims relating to Indemnifiable Events
regardless of whether any Indemnitee continues to serve as a director, officer,
employee, agent, controlling person or fiduciary of the Company or of any other
enterprise, including subsidiaries of the Company, at the Company's request.


                                       9
<PAGE>

      14. ATTORNEYS' FEES. In the event that any action is instituted by an
Indemnitee under this Agreement or under any liability insurance policies
maintained by the Company to enforce or interpret any of the terms hereof or
thereof, any Indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid all Expenses incurred by
Indemnitee with respect to such action if Indemnitee is ultimately successful in
such action, and shall be entitled to the advancement of Expenses with respect
to such action, unless, as a part of such action, a court of competent
jurisdiction over such action determines that the material assertions made by
Indemnitee as a basis for such action were not made in good faith or were
frivolous. In the event of an action instituted by or in the name of the Company
under this Agreement to enforce or interpret any of the terms of this Agreement,
Indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid all Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in
defense of such action (including costs and expenses incurred with respect to
Indemnitee counterclaims and cross-claims made in such action), and shall be
entitled to the advancement of Expenses with respect to such action, unless, as
a part of such action, a court having jurisdiction over such action determines
that the Indemnitee's material defenses to such action were made in bad faith or
were frivolous.

      15. NOTICE. All notices and other communications required or permitted
hereunder shall be in writing, shall be effective when given, and shall in any
event be deemed to be given (a) five calendar days after deposit with the U.S.
Postal Service or other applicable postal service, if delivered by first class
mail, postage prepaid, (b) upon delivery, if delivered by hand, (c) one business
day after the business day of deposit with Federal Express or similar overnight
courier, freight prepaid, or (d) one day after the business day of delivery by
facsimile transmission, if deliverable by facsimile transmission, with copy by
first class mail, postage prepaid, and shall be addressed if to Indemnitee, at
Indemnitee's address as set forth beneath Indemnitee's signature to this
Agreement and if to the Company at the address of its principal corporate
offices (attention: Chief Executive Officer) or at such other address as such
party may designate by ten calendar days' advance written notice to the other
party hereto.

      16. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. The Company and Indemnitee each hereby
irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of California
for all purposes in connection with any action or proceeding which arises out of
or relates to this Agreement and agree that any action instituted under this
Agreement shall be commenced, prosecuted and continued only in the courts of
Santa Clara County, California, which shall be the exclusive and only proper
forum for adjudicating such a claim.

      17. SEVERABILITY. The provisions of this Agreement shall be severable in
the event that any of the provisions hereof (including any provision within a
single section, paragraph or sentence) are held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable, and the remaining
provisions shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Furthermore, to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement
(including, without limitations, each portion of this Agreement containing any
provision held to be invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable, that is not
itself invalid, void or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect
to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or
unenforceable.

      18. CHOICE OF LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and its provisions
construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California,
as applied to contracts between California residents, entered into and to be
performed entirely within the State of California, without regard to the
conflict of laws principles thereof.


                                       10
<PAGE>

      19. SUBROGATION. In the event of payment under this Agreement, the Company
shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of
recovery of Indemnitee who shall execute all documents required and shall do all
acts that may be necessary to secure such rights and to enable the Company
effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights.

      20. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION. No amendment, modification, termination or
cancellation of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing signed
by all parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement
shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof
(whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

      21. INTEGRATION AND ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement sets forth the entire
understanding between the parties hereto and supersedes and merges all previous
written and oral negotiations, commitments, understandings and agreements
relating to the subject matter hereof between the parties hereto.

      22. NO CONSTRUCTION AS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT. Nothing contained in this
Agreement shall be construed as giving the Indemnitee any right to be retained
in the employ of the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

      23. CORPORATE AUTHORITY. The Board of Directors of the Company has
approved the terms of this Agreement.

      24. INDEMNIFICATION OF VENTURE CAPITAL FUNDS. If (i) Indemnitee is or was
affiliated with one or more venture capital funds that has invested in the
Company (each a "VC Fund"), (ii) a VC Fund is, or is threatened to be made, a
party to or a participant in any Proceeding, and (iii) the VC Fund's involvement
in the Proceeding is directly or indirectly related to Indemnitee's service to
the Company as a director of the Company, then the VC Fund shall be entitled to
all of the indemnification rights and remedies under this Agreement to the same
extent as Indemnitee.

                            [Signature Page Follows]


                                       11
<PAGE>


      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on and
as of the day and year first above written.

                                       COMPANY:

                                       WORLD WASTE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                       By:
                                             -----------------------------------
                                       Name:
                                             -----------------------------------
                                       Title:
                                             -----------------------------------

                                       INDEMNITEE:


                                       Printed Name:
                                                    ----------------------------

                                       Address:

                                             -----------------------------------

                                             -----------------------------------

                                             -----------------------------------

                     [Signature Page to Indemnity Agreement]

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>v010273_ex99-1.txt
<TEXT>
For Immediate Release:

           WORLD WASTE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NAMES PAPER INDUSTRY VETERAN
                      JAMES L. FERRIS TO BOARD OF DIRECTORS

SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA, December 22, 2004. World Waste Technologies, Inc. (OTCBB:
WDWT.OB) today announced that James L. Ferris, who has nearly 40 years
experience in the paper industry, has agreed to serve on the board of directors
of World Waste. Over the course of a 30 year career with Weyerhaeuser, Mr.
Ferris held positions of increasing responsibility culminating with his role as
vice president of pulp, paper and packaging research, where he managed all
research support for six business lines and 14 manufacturing sites that totaled
$4 billion in annual sales.

"We believe that Mr. Ferris, with his knowledge of the paper industry and his
network of relationships with other industry leaders, will be a valuable
addition to the board," said Thomas L. Collins, World Waste, chief executive
officer.

"I'm excited by the opportunity to be involved with the seasoned World Waste
team whose truly revolutionary techniques promise to provide a valuable new raw
material stream to the paper industry," said Mr. Ferris. "As a board member I
look forward to supporting the development of this technology which I believe
will benefit both the paper industry and the municipalities that use it."

Mr. Ferris graduated from the University of Washington with a B.S. in chemical
engineering in 1966, and holds an M.S. and Ph.D. in paper science and
engineering from the Institute of Paper Chemistry. He also completed the
Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School in 1992. Mr. Ferris
served as president of the Institute of Paper Science and Technology in Atlanta
from 1996 -2003 and is presently a trustee. He was a director with Albany
International from 2000 - 2004 and was also a director of the Technical
Association of the Pulp and Paper Industry (TAPPI) in Atlanta, Georgia, from
1996 - 1999. Mr. Ferris received the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Paper
Industry Management Association, the Technical Association of the Pulp and Paper
Industry, and the Center for Paper Business and Industry Studies in June 2003.

ABOUT WORLD WASTE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

World Waste Technologies, Inc., basedin San Diego, California, is an early stage
development company engaged in the waste recycling industry. World Waste holds
an exclusive license to patented technology which, in experimental conditions,
has processed small amounts of municipal solid waste to successfully reduce the
waste's volume and yield a grade of cellulose fiber suitable as a partial
furnish replacement in unbleached packaging products. More information on World
Waste is available at www.worldwasteintl.com.

<PAGE>

SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT

This press release includes certain "Forward-Looking Statements" within the
meaning of section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All
statements regarding potential results and future plans and objectives of World
Waste, are forward-looking statements that involve various risks and
uncertainties. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be
accurate and actual results and future events could differ materially from those
anticipated in such statements. Important factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from our expectations include, but are not limited
to, those factors that are disclosed under the heading "Risk Factors" and
elsewhere in our documents filed from time to time with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. Other risk factors may include, but are not limited to, our
ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms, or at all, working capital
constraints, fluctuation in quarterly results, and increased competition for the
fields targeted by the company, our ability to commence operations as scheduled,
the economical operation of the process we intend to operate and our ability to
protect the proprietary technology we use. Further, the company operates in an
industry sector where securities values are highly volatile and may be
influenced by economic and other factors beyond the company's control, such as
announcements by competitors and service providers.

The contents of this press release are presented as a general overview of the
company. It is intended only to contain general information regarding the
company and its business and does not purport to provide complete disclosure or
analysis of all matters which may be relevant to a decision to make an
investment, including all risk factors or similar considerations. Although the
information is believed current as of the date herein, the information may be
subject to change, amendment or supplementation, and the company does not
expect, and assumes no obligation, to update or otherwise revise the information
herein.

Contact:
Jeff Wenker
206-755-7843
jeff@wenkerpr.com77

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
