
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1

THE MIIX GROUP

NEWS RELEASE

                   THE MIIX GROUP ANNOUNCES BANKRUPTCY FILING

LAWRENCEVILLE, NJ, DECEMBER 20, 2004 - The MIIX Group, Incorporated (OTC: MIIX)
announced today that it and its subsidiary, New Jersey State Medical
Underwriters, Inc. ("Underwriters"), each filed a voluntary petition under
Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code ("Bankruptcy Code")
with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware
("Bankruptcy Court"). The companies continue to operate their businesses and
manage their properties as debtors-in-possession under the jurisdiction of the
Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the
Bankruptcy Code. To date, no creditors' committee or trustee has been appointed
in this case.

The Board of Directors has retained Traxi LLC, a special situation advisory
firm, as a financial and restructuring consultant to assist the Company with the
Chapter 11 filing and related restructuring efforts. Perry M. Mandarino, a
Senior Managing director at Traxi, was appointed Chief Restructuring Officer
leading the restructuring engagement.

As disclosed previously the Company has received one indication of interest from
MDAdvantage Holdings, Inc., to acquire certain assets of Underwriters and one
additional possible offer. The Company continues to negotiate with MDAdvantage
Holdings, Inc., the documentation relating to a possible sale of Underwriter's
assets, subject to the receipt of all necessary approvals and "higher or better
offers" prior to closing.

The bankruptcy filing does not include MIIX Insurance Company, which on
September 28, 2004 was placed into rehabilitation by Order of the Superior Court
of New Jersey. The Commissioner of the New Jersey Department of Banking and
Insurance serves as Rehabilitator with exclusive control over the business and
property of MIIX Insurance Company.

Forward-Looking Statement

This news release contains forward-looking statements that are based on the
Company's expectations concerning future events and are subject to certain risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those reflected in the forward-looking statements. No assurances can be given
that the company will be able to successfully dispose of its assets or operate
in bankruptcy. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise.

                                     # # # #

Contact:
Patricia A. Costante
Chairman and CEO
(800) 234-6449, ext. 1199
pcostant@miix.com

