

                                                              EXHIBIT 99.(C).(2)


NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE
HAVE  BEEN  REGISTERED  WITH  THE  SECURITIES  AND  EXCHANGE  COMMISSION  OR THE
SECURITIES   COMMISSION  OF  ANY  STATE  IN  RELIANCE  UPON  AN  EXEMPTION  FROM
REGISTRATION  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OF 1933,  AS AMENDED  (THE  "SECURITIES
ACT"),  AND,  ACCORDINGLY,  MAY NOT BE OFFERED  OR SOLD  EXCEPT  PURSUANT  TO AN
EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
AVAILABLE  EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE  REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS  OF THE  SECURITIES  ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE  WITH  APPLICABLE  STATE
SECURITIES  LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO
SUCH  EFFECT,  THE  SUBSTANCE  OF WHICH SHALL BE  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE  TO THE
COMPANY.  THIS  SECURITY AND THE  SECURITIES  ISSUABLE  UPON  CONVERSION OF THIS
SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION  WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN  ACCOUNT OR OTHER
LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

Original Issue Date: December 29, 2004

Original Conversion Price (subject to adjustment herein): $5.25

                                                                   $2,000,000.00

                            8% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE

                               DUE AUGUST 31, 2005

      THIS  DEBENTURE  is one of a  series  of duly  authorized  and  issued  8%
Convertible  Debentures of Recom Managed Systems,  Inc., a Delaware corporation,
having a principal place of business at 4705 Laurel Canyon Boulevard, Suite 203,
Studio  City,  CA  91607  (the  "Company"),  designated  as its  8%  Convertible
Debenture (the "Debenture(s)").

      FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  the Company  promises to pay to DKR SoundShore  Oasis
Holding Fund, Ltd. or its registered  assigns (the "Holder"),  the principal sum
of $2,000,000.00 on such dates as the Debentures are required or permitted to be
repaid as  provided  hereunder,  but in no event later than August 31, 2005 (the
"Maturity Date"), and to pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted
and then  outstanding  principal amount of this Debenture in accordance with the
provisions  hereof.  This  Debenture  is  subject  to the  following  additional
provisions:

                                       1
<PAGE>

      Section 1. Definitions.  For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms
defined elsewhere in this Debenture: (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined
herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Purchase Agreement,  and (b)
the following terms shall have the following meanings:

            "Alternate  Consideration"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth in
      Section 5(d).

            "Base Conversion  Price" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
      5(b).

            "Business  Day"  means any day except  Saturday,  Sunday and any day
      which shall be a federal  legal  holiday in the United  States or a day on
      which  banking  institutions  in the State of New York are  authorized  or
      required by law or other government action to close.

            "Buy-In" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(d)(v).

            "Change of Control  Transaction" means the occurrence after the date
      hereof of any of (i) an acquisition after the date hereof by an individual
      or legal entity or "group" (as described in Rule  13d-5(b)(1)  promulgated
      under the Exchange  Act) of effective  control  (whether  through legal or
      beneficial  ownership  of capital  stock of the  Company,  by  contract or
      otherwise) of in excess of 33% of the voting securities of the Company, or
      (ii) a replacement  at one time or within a three year period of more than
      one-half of the members of the Company's  board of directors  which is not
      approved by a majority of those  individuals  who are members of the board
      of directors on the date hereof (or by those  individuals  who are serving
      as members of the board of directors on any date whose  nomination  to the
      board of directors  was approved by a majority of the members of the board
      of directors who are members on the date  hereof),  or (iii) the execution
      by the Company of an agreement to which the Company is a party or by which
      it is bound,  providing  for any of the events  set forth  above in (i) or
      (ii).

            "Closing  Price" means on any particular  date (a) the last reported
      closing  bid price per share of Common  Stock on such date on the  Trading
      Market (as reported by Bloomberg  L.P. at 4:15 PM (New York time),  or (b)
      if there is no such price on such date,  then the closing bid price on the
      Trading  Market on the date  nearest  preceding  such date (as reported by
      Bloomberg  L.P.  at 4:15 PM (New York time) for the  closing bid price for
      regular  session  trading on such day),  or (c) if the Common Stock is not
      then  listed or quoted on a Trading  Market  and if prices  for the Common
      Stock are then quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board,  the closing bid price of
      the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest  preceding date) on the OTC
      Bulletin  Board (as reported by Bloomberg L.P. at 4:15 PM (New York time),
      (d) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on the Trading Market
      and if prices for the Common Stock are then  reported in the "pink sheets"
      published by the Pink Sheets LLC (formerly the National  Quotation  Bureau
      Incorporated  (or a  similar  organization  or  agency  succeeding  to its
      functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the
      Common  Stock so  reported,  or (e) if the shares of Common  Stock are not
      then  publicly  traded the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as
      determined by a qualified  independent appraiser selected in good faith by
      the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Shares then outstanding.

                                       2
<PAGE>

            "Common  Stock" means the common stock,  par value $0.001 per share,
      of the  Company  and stock of any other  class into which such  shares may
      hereafter have been reclassified or changed.

            "Conversion Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

            "Conversion Price" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b).

            "Conversion  Shares" means the shares of Common Stock  issuable upon
      conversion of Debentures or as payment of interest in accordance  with the
      terms.

            "Debenture  Register"  shall have the  meaning  set forth in Section
      2(c).

            "Dilutive  Issuance"  shall  have the  meaning  set forth in Section
      5(b).

            "Dilutive  Issuance  Notice"  shall  have the  meaning  set forth in
      Section 5(b).

            "Effectiveness  Period" shall have the meaning given to such term in
      the Registration Rights Agreement.

            "Equity  Conditions" shall mean, during the period in question,  (i)
      the  Company  shall have duly  honored  all  conversions  and  redemptions
      scheduled  to  occur or  occurring  by  virtue  of one or more  Notice  of
      Conversions,  if any, (ii) all liquidated  damages and other amounts owing
      in respect of the  Debentures  shall  have been  paid;  (iii)  there is an
      effective Registration Statement pursuant to which the Holder is permitted
      to utilize the prospectus  thereunder to resell all of the shares issuable
      to Holder  pursuant  to the terms of the  Transaction  Documents  (and the
      Company  believes,  in good faith, that such  effectiveness  will continue
      uninterrupted  for the  foreseeable  future),  (iv)  the  Common  Stock is
      trading on the Trading Market and all of the shares  issuable  pursuant to
      the Transaction  Documents are listed for trading on a Trading Market (and
      the Company believes, in good faith, that trading of the Common Stock on a
      Trading Market will continue  uninterrupted  for the foreseeable  future),
      (v) there is a sufficient  number of authorized but unissued and otherwise
      unreserved  shares of Common  Stock for the  issuance of all of the shares
      issuable  pursuant  to the  Transaction  Documents,  (vi)  there  is  then
      existing no Event of Default or event  which,  with the passage of time or
      the giving of notice,  would  constitute an Event of Default and (vii) all
      of the shares  issued or  issuable  pursuant to the  transaction  proposed
      would not violate the limitations set forth in Section 4(c)(i).

            "Event of Default" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.

                                       3
<PAGE>

            "Exchange  Act"  means  the  Securities  Exchange  Act of  1934,  as
      amended.

            "Fundamental  Transaction"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth in
      Section 5(d).

            "Interest  Conversion  Rate"  means  90% of the  lesser  of (i)  the
      Closing Price immediately prior to the applicable Interest Payment Date or
      (ii) the  Closing  Price  immediately  prior  to the  date the  applicable
      interest  payment  shares are issued and  delivered  if after the Interest
      Payment Date.

            "Interest  Payment Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
      2(a).

            "Late Fees" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d).

            "Mandatory Prepayment Amount" for any Debentures shall equal the sum
      of (i) the greater of: (A) 130% of the  principal  amount of Debentures to
      be  prepaid,  plus all  accrued and unpaid  interest  thereon,  or (B) the
      principal  amount of Debentures to be prepaid,  plus all other accrued and
      unpaid interest  hereon,  divided by the Conversion  Price on (x) the date
      the  Mandatory  Prepayment  Amount is demanded or otherwise due or (y) the
      date the Mandatory  Prepayment Amount is paid in full,  whichever is less,
      multiplied by the Closing  Price on (x) the date the Mandatory  Prepayment
      Amount  is  demanded  or  otherwise  due or (y)  the  date  the  Mandatory
      Prepayment  Amount is paid in full,  whichever  is  greater,  and (ii) all
      other amounts,  costs,  expenses and liquidated  damages due in respect of
      such Debentures.  Notwithstanding  anything herein to the contrary,  if at
      the  time the  Holder  delivers  to the  Company  a notice  of an Event of
      Default (I) the Company has and is duly honoring all conversions,  if any,
      (II) there is an effective  Registration  Statement  pursuant to which the
      Holder is permitted to utilize the prospectus  thereunder to resell all of
      the shares issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents (and the Company
      believes,   in  good  faith,   that  such   effectiveness   will  continue
      uninterrupted  for the  foreseeable  future),  (III) the  Common  Stock is
      trading on the Trading Market and all of the shares  issuable  pursuant to
      the Transaction  Documents are listed for trading on a Trading Market (and
      the Company believes, in good faith, that trading of the Common Stock on a
      Trading Market will continue  uninterrupted  for the foreseeable  future),
      (IV) there exists no other reason (other than the discretion of the Holder
      or market  conditions)  which  would  otherwise  deprive  the Holder  from
      receiving (other than Section 4(c)) Conversion  Shares or disposing of the
      Conversion  Shares on the  Trading  Market  and (V) the  Company  takes no
      action thereafter to directly or indirectly cause clauses (I) through (IV)
      above to no longer be exist,  then clause (B) above shall not be available
      for the purpose of calculating the Mandatory  Prepayment Amount as to such
      notice of an Event of Default.

            "Monthly  Redemption"  shall mean the  redemption  of the  Debenture
      pursuant to Section 6(a) hereof.

                                       4
<PAGE>

            "Monthly  Redemption Amount" shall mean, as to a Monthly Redemption,
      $400,000.00.

            "Monthly  Redemption  Date" means May 16th,  2005 and thereafter the
      1st of each month, continuing until the full redemption of this Debenture.

            "Monthly  Redemption  Price"  shall  have the  meaning  set forth in
      Section 6(a) hereof.

            "New York Courts" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(d).

            "Notice of  Conversion"  shall have the meaning set forth in Section
      4(a).

            "Optional  Redemption"  shall have the  meaning set forth in Section
      6(a).

            "Optional  Redemption  Amount" shall mean the sum of (i) 110% of the
      principal  amount of the  Debenture  then  outstanding,  (ii)  accrued but
      unpaid interest and (iii) all liquidated  damages and other amounts due in
      respect of the Debenture.

            "Optional  Redemption  Notice"  shall have the  meaning set forth in
      Section 6(c).

            "Optional  Redemption  Notice Date" shall have the meaning set forth
      in Section 6(a).

            "Original  Issue Date" shall mean the date of the first  issuance of
      the Debentures  regardless of the number of transfers of any Debenture and
      regardless  of the number of  instruments  which may be issued to evidence
      such Debenture.

            "Permitted Liens" shall mean the following: (a) liens which arise by
      operation of law for taxes, assessments or charges not yet due and payable
      or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings;
      (b)  carriers',  warehousemen's,  mechanics',  materialmen's,  repairmen's
      liens or  other  like  encumbrances  arising  in the  ordinary  course  of
      business,  provided  that the  obligations  secured  by such liens are not
      delinquent or are being  contested in good faith;  (c) pledges or deposits
      in connection with worker's  compensation and unemployment  insurance laws
      and other social  security  legislation;  and (d) purchase  money security
      interests.

            "Person"  means  a  corporation,   an  association,  a  partnership,
      organization,  a  business,  an  individual,  a  government  or  political
      subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.

            "Purchase Agreement" means the Securities Purchase Agreement,  dated
      as of December 29, 2004, to which the Company and the original  Holder are
      parties,  as  amended,  modified  or  supplemented  from  time  to time in
      accordance with its terms.

                                       5
<PAGE>

            "Registration   Rights  Agreement"  means  the  Registration  Rights
      Agreement,  dated as of the date of the Purchase  Agreement,  to which the
      Company and the  original  Holder are  parties,  as  amended,  modified or
      supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

            "Registration  Statement" means a registration statement meeting the
      requirements  set forth in the  Registration  Rights  Agreement,  covering
      among  other  things  the resale of the  Conversion  Shares and naming the
      Holder as a "selling stockholder" thereunder.

            "Securities  Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,  and
      the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

            "Subsidiary"  shall  have  the  meaning  given  to such  term in the
      Purchase Agreement.

            "Trading  Day" means a day on which the Common  Stock is traded on a
      Trading Market.

            "Trading  Market" means the following  markets or exchanges on which
      the Common  Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question:
      the OTC Bulletin  Board,  the Nasdaq SmallCap  Market,  the American Stock
      Exchange, the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq National Market.

            "Transaction  Documents"  shall  have the  meaning  set forth in the
      Purchase Agreement.

      Section 2. Interest.

      a) Payment of Interest in Cash or Kind.  The Company shall pay interest to
the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of
this  Debenture at the rate of 8% per annum,  payable on May 10, 2005, the first
Business Day of each month  thereafter and on each  Conversion  Date (as to that
principal amount then being converted) and on the Maturity Date (except that, if
any such date is not a Business  Day, then such payment shall be due on the next
succeeding  Business Day) (each such date, an "Interest  Payment Date"), in cash
or shares of Common  Stock at the Interest  Conversion  Rate,  or a  combination
thereof; provided,  however, payment in shares of Common Stock may only occur if
during the 5 Trading Days immediately  prior to the applicable  Interest Payment
Date all of the Equity Conditions have been met and the Company shall have given
the Holder notice in accordance with the notice requirements set forth below.

                                       6
<PAGE>

      b) Company's  Election to Pay  Interest in Kind.  Subject to the terms and
conditions  herein,  the decision whether to pay interest hereunder in shares of
Common Stock or cash shall be at the discretion of the Company.  Not less than 5
Trading Days prior to each Interest  Payment Date, the Company shall provide the
Holder with written notice of its election to pay interest  hereunder  either in
cash or shares of Common Stock (the Company may indicate in such notice that the
election  contained  in such  notice  shall  continue  for later  periods  until
revised). Within 5 Trading Days prior to an Interest Payment Date, the Company's
election  (whether  specific to an Interest Payment Date or continuous) shall be
irrevocable  as to such  Interest  Payment Date.  Subject to the  aforementioned
conditions,  failure to timely  provide such  written  notice shall be deemed an
election by the Company to pay the  interest on such  Interest  Payment  Date in
cash.

      c) Interest  Calculations.  Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a
360-day year and shall accrue daily  commencing on the Original Issue Date until
payment in full of the  principal  sum,  together  with all  accrued  and unpaid
interest  and other  amounts  which may  become  due  hereunder,  has been made.
Payment of interest in shares of Common Stock shall  otherwise occur pursuant to
Section 4(d)(ii) and only for purposes of the payment of interest in shares, the
Interest Payment Date shall be deemed the Conversion Date.  Interest shall cease
to accrue with respect to any  principal  amount  converted,  provided  that the
Company in fact delivers the Conversion  Shares within the time period  required
by Section 4(d)(ii). Interest hereunder will be paid to the Person in whose name
this   Debenture  is  registered  on  the  records  of  the  Company   regarding
registration and transfers of Debentures (the "Debenture  Register").  Except as
otherwise provided herein, if at any time the Company pays interest partially in
cash and  partially  in shares  of Common  Stock,  then  such  payment  shall be
distributed  ratably  among  the  Holders  based  upon the  principal  amount of
Debentures held by each Holder.

      d) Late Fee. All overdue  accrued and unpaid interest to be paid hereunder
shall  entail a late fee at the rate of 15% per  annum  (or such  lower  maximum
amount of interest  permitted to be charged under  applicable law) ("Late Fees")
which will accrue daily,  from the date such  interest is due hereunder  through
and  including  the date of payment.  Notwithstanding  anything to the  contrary
contained herein, if on any Interest Payment Date the Company has elected to pay
interest in Common Stock and is not able to pay accrued  interest in the form of
Common Stock because it does not then satisfy the  conditions for payment in the
form of Common Stock set forth  above,  then,  at the option of the Holder,  the
Company,  in lieu of delivering  either shares of Common Stock  pursuant to this
Section 2 or  paying  the  regularly  scheduled  cash  interest  payment,  shall
deliver,  within three Trading Days of each applicable Interest Payment Date, an
amount in cash  equal to the  product  of the  number of shares of Common  Stock
otherwise  deliverable to the Holder in connection  with the payment of interest
due on such  Interest  Payment  Date and the highest  Closing  Price  during the
period  commencing  on the  Interest  Payment Date and ending on the Trading Day
prior to the date such payment is made.

                                       7
<PAGE>

      e)  Prepayment.  Except  as  otherwise  set forth in this  Debenture,  the
Company may not prepay any  portion of the  principal  amount of this  Debenture
without the prior written consent of the Holder.

      Section 3. Registration of Transfers and Exchanges.

      a) Different  Denominations.  This Debenture is exchangeable  for an equal
aggregate principal amount of Debentures of different authorized  denominations,
as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be made
for such registration of transfer or exchange.

      b) Investment  Representations.  This Debenture has been issued subject to
certain  investment  representations  of the  original  Holder  set forth in the
Purchase  Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance  with
the Purchase  Agreement and  applicable  federal and state  securities  laws and
regulations.

      c) Reliance on Debenture Register. Prior to due presentment to the Company
for  transfer  of this  Debenture,  the Company and any agent of the Company may
treat  the  Person  in whose  name  this  Debenture  is duly  registered  on the
Debenture  Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving  payment as
herein  provided and for all other  purposes,  whether or not this  Debenture is
overdue,  and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by notice
to the contrary.

      Section 4. Conversion.

      a) Voluntary  Conversion.  At any time after the Original Issue Date until
this Debenture is no longer  outstanding,  this  Debenture  shall be convertible
into shares of Common Stock at the option of the Holder,  in whole or in part at
any time and from time to time (subject to the  limitations  on  conversion  set
forth in Section 4(c) hereof). The Holder shall effect conversions by delivering
to the Company the form of Notice of  Conversion  attached  hereto as Annex A (a
"Notice of Conversion"),  specifying  therein the principal amount of Debentures
to be  converted  and the date on which such  conversion  is to be  effected  (a
"Conversion  Date").  If  no  Conversion  Date  is  specified  in  a  Notice  of
Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion
is provided hereunder. To effect conversions hereunder,  the Holder shall not be
required to physically  surrender  Debentures  to the Company  unless the entire
principal  amount of this Debenture plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon
has been so converted.  Conversions  hereunder shall have the effect of lowering
the  outstanding  principal  amount of this  Debenture in an amount equal to the
applicable  conversion.  The  Holder  and the  Company  shall  maintain  records
substantially  in the  form  set  forth  in  Schedule  1  attached  hereto  (the
"Debenture  Schedule")  showing the principal  amount  converted and the date of
such  conversions.  The Company  shall  deliver any  objection  to any Notice of
Conversion within 2 Business Days of receipt of such notice. In the event of any
dispute or  discrepancy,  the  records of the Holder  shall be  controlling  and
determinative in the absence of manifest error. The Holder and any assignee,  by
acceptance  of this  Debenture,  acknowledge  and agree  that,  by reason of the
provisions  of  this  paragraph,  following  conversion  of a  portion  of  this
Debenture,  the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Debenture may be
less than the amount stated on the face hereof. After each Conversion,  upon the
request  of the  Company,  a  representative  of the  Company  shall  review the
Holder's   Debenture   Schedule,   and  shall  attest  to  the  Conversion  upon
satisfaction that the information regarding the Conversion is correct.

                                       8
<PAGE>

      b) Conversion Price. The conversion price in effect on any Conversion Date
shall be equal to $5.25 (subject to adjustment herein)(the "Conversion Price").

      c) Holder's  Restriction on  Conversion.  The Company shall not effect any
conversion of this Debenture, and the Holder shall not have the right to convert
any portion of this  Debenture,  pursuant to Section 4(a) or  otherwise,  to the
extent that after giving effect to such  conversion,  the Holder  (together with
the Holder's  affiliates),  as set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion,
would  beneficially own in excess of 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common
Stock  outstanding  immediately  after  giving  effect to such  conversion.  For
purposes  of the  foregoing  sentence,  the  number of  shares  of Common  Stock
beneficially  owned by the Holder and its affiliates shall include the number of
shares of Common Stock  issuable upon  conversion of this Debenture with respect
to which the determination of such sentence is being made, but shall exclude the
number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (A)  conversion of
the remaining,  nonconverted portion of this Debenture beneficially owned by the
Holder  or  any  of  its  affiliates  and  (B)  exercise  or  conversion  of the
unexercised  or  nonconverted  portion of any other  securities  of the  Company
(including, without limitation, any other Debentures or the Warrants) subject to
a limitation  on conversion or exercise  analogous to the  limitation  contained
herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its affiliates.  Except as set
forth in the preceding sentence,  for purposes of this Section 4(c),  beneficial
ownership  shall be calculated in accordance  with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act. To the extent that the limitation  contained in this section  applies,  the
determination  of whether this  Debenture is  convertible  (in relation to other
securities  owned by the  Holder)  and of which a portion of this  Debenture  is
convertible shall be in the sole discretion of such Holder. To ensure compliance
with this  restriction,  the Holder will be deemed to  represent  to the Company
each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion  that such Notice of Conversion has
not violated the  restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Company shall
have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination.  For
purposes of this Section 4(c), in determining  the number of outstanding  shares
of Common  Stock,  the Holder may rely on the  number of  outstanding  shares of
Common Stock as reflected in (x) the  Company's  most recent Form 10-QSB or Form
10-KSB, as the case may be, (y) a more recent public announcement by the Company
or (z) any other notice by the Company or the Company's  Transfer  Agent setting
forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral
request of the Holder,  the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally
and in  writing  to the  Holder  the  number  of shares  of  Common  Stock  then
outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall
be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of
the Company, including this Debenture, by the Holder or its affiliates since the
date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported.
The  provisions  of this Section  4(c) may be waived by the Holder upon,  at the
election of the Holder, not less than 61 days' prior notice to the Company,  and
the  provisions of this Section 4(c) shall continue to apply until such 61st day
(or such later date, as  determined  by the Holder,  as may be specified in such
notice of waiver).

                                       9
<PAGE>

      d) Mechanics of Conversion

            i. Conversion  Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of Principal  Amount.
      The number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon a conversion  hereunder
      shall  be  determined  by  the  quotient  obtained  by  dividing  (x)  the
      outstanding  principal amount of this Debenture to be converted by (y) the
      Conversion Price.

            ii. Delivery of Certificate  Upon  Conversion.  Not later than three
      Trading Days after any Conversion Date ("Conversion  Delivery Date"),  the
      Company  will  deliver  to the Holder (A) a  certificate  or  certificates
      representing  the  Conversion  Shares  which shall be free of  restrictive
      legends  and  trading  restrictions  (other  than  those  required  by the
      Purchase  Agreement)  representing  the  number of shares of Common  Stock
      being acquired upon the conversion of Debentures (including,  if so timely
      elected by the Company, shares of Common Stock representing the payment of
      accrued interest) and (B) a bank check in the amount of accrued and unpaid
      interest (if the Company is required to pay accrued interest in cash). The
      Company  shall,  if available and if allowed under  applicable  securities
      laws,  use its best  efforts to deliver any  certificate  or  certificates
      required to be delivered by the Company under this Section  electronically
      through the Depository Trust Corporation or another  established  clearing
      corporation performing similar functions,  so long as the Holder sells the
      securities  through a  broker-dealer  and otherwise  sells the  Securities
      within the "Plan of  Distribution"  described in the  Registration  Rights
      Agreement.

            iii. Failure to Deliver  Certificates.  If in the case of any Notice
      of Conversion such  certificate or certificates are not delivered to or as
      directed  by the  applicable  Holder  by the  third  Trading  Day  after a
      Conversion  Date,  the Holder  shall be entitled by written  notice to the
      Company  at any time on or  before  its  receipt  of such  certificate  or
      certificates  thereafter,  to rescind such conversion,  in which event the
      Company  shall  immediately  return  the  certificates   representing  the
      principal amount of Debentures tendered for conversion.

                                       10
<PAGE>

            iv. Obligation Absolute;  Partial Liquidated Damages. If the Company
      fails  for any  reason  to  deliver  to the  Holder  such  certificate  or
      certificates  pursuant to Section 4(d)(ii) by the second Trading Day after
      the Conversion  Delivery  Date,  the Company shall pay to such Holder,  in
      cash,  as  liquidated  damages  and not as a  penalty,  for each  $1000 of
      principal amount being  converted,  $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20
      per Trading Day after 5 Trading Days after such  damages  begin to accrue)
      for each Trading Day after such third Trading Day until such  certificates
      are  delivered.  The  Company's  obligations  to  issue  and  deliver  the
      Conversion Shares upon conversion of this Debenture in accordance with the
      terms hereof are absolute and  unconditional  (unless the Holder elects to
      rescind such  conversion),  irrespective  of any action or inaction by the
      Holder to enforce  the same,  any waiver or  consent  with  respect to any
      provision  hereof,  the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any
      action to  enforce  the same,  or any  setoff,  counterclaim,  recoupment,
      limitation or  termination,  or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder
      or any other Person of any  obligation  to the Company or any violation or
      alleged  violation  of  law  by  the  Holder  or  any  other  person,  and
      irrespective  of any other  circumstance  which might otherwise limit such
      obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of
      such Conversion Shares; provided, however, such delivery shall not operate
      as a waiver by the Company of any such action the Company may have against
      the Holder. In the event a Holder of this Debenture shall elect to convert
      any or all of the outstanding principal amount hereof, the Company may not
      refuse conversion based on any claim that the Holder or any one associated
      or affiliated with the Holder of has been engaged in any violation of law,
      agreement or for any other reason,  unless, an injunction from a court, on
      notice,  restraining  and or enjoining  conversion  of all or part of this
      Debenture  shall have been sought and  obtained  and the  Company  posts a
      surety  bond for the  benefit  of the  Holder in the amount of 125% of the
      principal amount of this Debenture subject to conversion, which is subject
      to the injunction,  which bond shall remain in effect until the completion
      of  arbitration/litigation  of the dispute and the proceeds of which shall
      be  payable  to such  Holder to the  extent it  obtains  judgment.  In the
      absence of an  injunction  precluding  the same,  the Company  shall issue
      Conversion  Shares  or,  if  applicable,  cash,  upon a  properly  noticed
      conversion.  Nothing  herein shall limit a Holder's right to pursue actual
      damages or declare  an Event of Default  pursuant  to Section 8 herein for
      the  Company's  failure to  deliver  Conversion  Shares  within the period
      specified  herein  and such  Holder  shall  have the right to  pursue  all
      remedies  available  to  it  at  law  or  in  equity  including,   without
      limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The
      exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holders from seeking to
      enforce damages  pursuant to any other Section hereof or under  applicable
      law.

            v. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates
      Upon Conversion.  In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
      if the  Company  fails  for any  reason  to  deliver  to the  Holder  such
      certificate  or  certificates  pursuant to Section  4(d)(ii) by the second
      Trading Day after the Conversion  Delivery Date, and if after such Trading
      Day the Holder is required by its  brokerage  firm to purchase (in an open
      market  transaction or otherwise)  Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction
      of a sale by  such  Holder  of the  Conversion  Shares  which  the  Holder
      anticipated receiving upon such conversion (a "Buy-In"),  then the Company
      shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder (in addition to any remedies available
      to or elected by the  Holder) the amount by which (x) the  Holder's  total
      purchase price (including  brokerage  commissions,  if any) for the Common
      Stock so purchased  exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of
      shares of Common  Stock that such Holder  anticipated  receiving  from the
      conversion at issue  multiplied by (2) the actual sale price of the Common
      Stock at the time of the sale (including  brokerage  commissions,  if any)
      giving  rise to such  purchase  obligation  and (B) at the  option  of the
      Holder,  either  reissue  Debentures  in  principal  amount  equal  to the
      principal amount of the attempted  conversion or deliver to the Holder the
      number of shares of Common  Stock  that  would  have been  issued  had the
      Company  timely  complied  with its delivery  requirements  under  Section
      4(d)(ii). For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total
      purchase  price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with  respect to an attempted
      conversion  of  Debentures  with respect to which the actual sale price of
      the  Conversion  Shares  at the  time  of the  sale  (including  brokerage
      commissions,  if any) giving rise to such purchase  obligation was a total
      of $10,000 under clause (A) of the  immediately  preceding  sentence,  the
      Company  shall be  required  to pay the Holder  $1,000.  The Holder  shall
      provide the Company  written notice  indicating the amounts payable to the
      Holder in respect of the Buy-In. Notwithstanding anything contained herein
      to the  contrary,  if a Holder  requires  the  Company to make  payment in
      respect  of a  Buy-In  for the  failure  to  timely  deliver  certificates
      hereunder and the Company  timely pays in full such  payment,  the Company
      shall not be required to pay such Holder liquidated  damages under Section
      4(d)(iv) in respect of the certificates resulting in such Buy-In.

                                       11
<PAGE>

            vi.  Reservation  of Shares  Issuable Upon  Conversion.  The Company
      covenants  that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its
      authorized  and unissued  shares of Common Stock solely for the purpose of
      issuance upon  conversion of the Debentures and payment of interest on the
      Debenture,  each as herein  provided,  free from preemptive  rights or any
      other actual contingent purchase rights of persons other than the Holders,
      not less than such number of shares of the Common Stock as shall  (subject
      to any  additional  requirements  of the Company as to reservation of such
      shares set forth in the  Purchase  Agreement)  be  issuable  (taking  into
      account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 5) upon the conversion
      of the  outstanding  principal  amount of the  Debentures  and  payment of
      interest hereunder.  The Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock
      that  shall  be so  issuable  shall,  upon  issue,  be  duly  and  validly
      authorized,  issued and fully paid, nonassessable and, if the Registration
      Statement is then  effective  under the  Securities  Act,  registered  for
      public sale in accordance with such Registration Statement.

                                       12
<PAGE>

            vii.  Fractional  Shares.  Upon a conversion  hereunder  the Company
      shall not be required to issue stock certificates  representing  fractions
      of shares of the Common Stock, but may if otherwise permitted, make a cash
      payment in respect of any final  fraction  of a share based on the Closing
      Price at such time. If the Company elects not, or is unable,  to make such
      a cash  payment,  the Holder shall be entitled to receive,  in lieu of the
      final fraction of a share, one whole share of Common Stock.

            viii. Transfer Taxes. The issuance of certificates for shares of the
      Common Stock on conversion of the Debentures  shall be made without charge
      to the Holders thereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may
      be  payable  in  respect  of the issue or  delivery  of such  certificate,
      provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be
      payable in respect of any  transfer  involved in the issuance and delivery
      of any such  certificate  upon conversion in a name other than that of the
      Holder  of such  Debentures  so  converted  and the  Company  shall not be
      required to issue or deliver such certificates  unless or until the person
      or persons  requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company
      the amount of such tax or shall have  established to the  satisfaction  of
      the Company that such tax has been paid.

      Section 5. Certain Adjustments.

      a) Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Company, at any time while the
Debentures are  outstanding:  (A) shall pay a stock dividend or otherwise make a
distribution or distributions  (excluding for such purposes conversions of notes
or  preferred  stock  and/or  exercises  of options or  warrants  by the holders
thereof) on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity  equivalent
securities  payable in shares of Common Stock  (which,  for  avoidance of doubt,
shall not include any shares of Common Stock  issued by the Company  pursuant to
this Debenture, including as interest thereon), (B) subdivide outstanding shares
of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (C) combine (including by way of
reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of
shares,  or (D) issue by  reclassification  of shares  of the  Common  Stock any
shares of capital  stock of the  Company,  then the  Conversion  Price  shall be
multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock (excluding  treasury shares, if any) outstanding  before such event
and of which the  denominator  shall be the  number  of  shares of Common  Stock
outstanding after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section shall
become  effective  immediately  after the record date for the  determination  of
stockholders  entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become
effective  immediately  after the effective  date in the case of a  subdivision,
combination or re-classification.

      b) [Intentionally Deleted].

      c) Pro Rata  Distributions.  If the Company,  at any time while Debentures
are  outstanding,  shall  distribute  to all holders of Common Stock (and not to
Holders)  evidences  of its  indebtedness  or assets or  rights or  warrants  to
subscribe  for or purchase any security,  then in each such case the  Conversion
Price  shall be  determined  by  multiplying  such  Conversion  Price in  effect
immediately  prior to the record date fixed for  determination  of  stockholders
entitled to receive  such  distribution  by a fraction of which the  denominator
shall be the Closing Price determined as of the record date mentioned above, and
of which the numerator  shall be such Closing Price on such record date less the
then fair  market  value at such  record  date of the  portion of such assets or
evidence of indebtedness so distributed  applicable to one outstanding  share of
the Common  Stock as  determined  by the Board of  Directors  in good faith.  In
either case the  adjustments  shall be described in a statement  provided to the
Holders of the portion of assets or evidences of  indebtedness so distributed or
such  subscription  rights  applicable  to  one  share  of  Common  Stock.  Such
adjustment shall be made whenever any such distribution is made and shall become
effective immediately after the record date mentioned above.

                                       13
<PAGE>

      d)  Fundamental  Transaction.  If, at any time  while  this  Debenture  is
outstanding,  (A) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company
with  or into  another  Person,  (B)  the  Company  effects  any  sale of all or
substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions,  (C)
any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is
completed  pursuant to which  holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or
exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property, or (D) the Company
effects  any  reclassification  of the  Common  Stock  or any  compulsory  share
exchange  pursuant to which the Common Stock is  effectively  converted  into or
exchanged  for  other  securities,  cash  or  property  (in  any  such  case,  a
"Fundamental  Transaction"),   then  upon  any  subsequent  conversion  of  this
Debenture, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share
that would have been  issuable  upon such  conversion  absent  such  Fundamental
Transaction,  the same kind and amount of  securities,  cash or  property  as it
would have been  entitled to receive  upon the  occurrence  of such  Fundamental
Transaction if it had been,  immediately prior to such Fundamental  Transaction,
the holder of one share of Common  Stock (the  "Alternate  Consideration").  For
purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall
be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate  Consideration based on the
amount of  Alternate  Consideration  issuable  in respect of one share of Common
Stock in such  Fundamental  Transaction,  and the Company  shall  apportion  the
Conversion  Price  among the  Alternate  Consideration  in a  reasonable  manner
reflecting  the relative  value of any  different  components  of the  Alternate
Consideration.  If  holders  of Common  Stock  are  given  any  choice as to the
securities,  cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction,  then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate  Consideration  it
receives  upon any  conversion  of this  Debenture  following  such  Fundamental
Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any
successor to the Company or  surviving  entity in such  Fundamental  Transaction
shall  issue  to the  Holder  a new  debenture  consistent  with  the  foregoing
provisions  and  evidencing  the Holder's  right to convert such  debenture into
Alternate  Consideration.  The  terms  of any  agreement  pursuant  to  which  a
Fundamental  Transaction  is effected  shall  include  terms  requiring any such
successor or surviving  entity to comply with the  provisions of this  paragraph
(c) and insuring that this Debenture (or any such replacement  security) will be
similarly  adjusted upon any subsequent  transaction  analogous to a Fundamental
Transaction.

                                       14
<PAGE>

      e) Calculations.  All  calculations  under this Section 5 shall be made to
the  nearest  cent or the  nearest  1/100th of a share,  as the case may be. The
number of  shares  of Common  Stock  outstanding  at any  given  time  shall not
includes  shares  of Common  Stock  owned or held by or for the  account  of the
Company,  and the  description  of any such  shares  of  Common  Stock  shall be
considered on issue or sale of Common Stock. For purposes of this Section 5, the
number of shares of Common  Stock  deemed to be issued and  outstanding  as of a
given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common  Stock  (excluding
treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

      f) Exempt Issuance.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  no adjustment will be
made under this Section 5 in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

      g) Notice to Holders.

            i. Adjustment to Conversion Price.  Whenever the Conversion Price is
      adjusted  pursuant to any of this  Section 5, the Company  shall  promptly
      mail to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such
      adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such
      adjustment.

            ii. Notice to Allow  Conversion by Holder.  If (A) the Company shall
      declare a dividend (or any other  distribution)  on the Common Stock;  (B)
      the Company  shall  declare a special  nonrecurring  cash dividend on or a
      redemption  of the Common  Stock;  (C) the  Company  shall  authorize  the
      granting  to all  holders  of the  Common  Stock  rights  or  warrants  to
      subscribe  for or purchase any shares of capital  stock of any class or of
      any rights;  (D) the approval of any  stockholders of the Company shall be
      required in connection with any  reclassification of the Common Stock, any
      consolidation  or  merger  to which the  Company  is a party,  any sale or
      transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company,  of any
      compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other
      securities,  cash  or  property;  (E)  the  Company  shall  authorize  the
      voluntary or  involuntary  dissolution,  liquidation  or winding up of the
      affairs of the Company;  then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be
      filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of
      the Debentures,  and shall cause to be mailed to the Holders at their last
      addresses  as they shall  appear upon the stock books of the  Company,  at
      least 10 calendar days prior to the  applicable  record or effective  date
      hereinafter  specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is
      to be taken for the purpose of such  dividend,  distribution,  redemption,
      rights or  warrants,  or if a record  is not to be  taken,  the date as of
      which the  holders of the Common  Stock of record to be  entitled  to such
      dividend,  distributions,   redemption,  rights  or  warrants  are  to  be
      determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,  consolidation,
      merger,  sale,  transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective
      or close,  and the date as of which it is  expected  that  holders  of the
      Common Stock of record  shall be entitled to exchange  their shares of the
      Common Stock for securities,  cash or other property deliverable upon such
      reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange;
      provided, that the failure to mail such notice or any defect therein or in
      the mailing thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate  action
      required to be specified  in such notice.  Holders are entitled to convert
      Debentures  during the 10-day period commencing the date of such notice to
      the effective date of the event triggering such notice.

                                       15
<PAGE>

      Section 6. Redemption.

      a) Monthly Redemption.  On each Monthly Redemption Date, the Company shall
redeem the Monthly  Redemption Amount plus accrued but unpaid interest,  the sum
of all  liquidated  damages,  if any,  and any other  amounts then owing to such
Holder in respect of the Debenture.  The Monthly  Redemption  Amount due on each
Monthly  Redemption  Date shall be paid in cash;  provided,  however,  as to any
Monthly Redemption and upon at least 10 Trading Days' prior written  irrevocable
notice (the Company may  indicate in such notice that the election  contained in
such notice shall continue for later periods until  revised),  in lieu of a cash
redemption  payment  the  Company  may  elect  to pay all or  part of a  Monthly
Redemption in Conversion  Shares based on a conversion price equal to the lesser
of (a) the then  Conversion  Price  and (b) 85% of the  average  of the 3 lowest
Closing Prices during the 10 consecutive  Trading Days immediately  prior to the
applicable  Monthly  Redemption  Date  (subject  to  adjustment  for  any  stock
dividend,  stock split,  stock  combination or other similar event affecting the
Common  Stock  during  such 10 Trading  Day  period)  (the  "Monthly  Redemption
Price"); provided,  however, that the Company may not pay the Monthly Redemption
Amount in Conversion  Shares unless,  on the Monthly  Redemption Date and during
the 10 Trading Day period  immediately prior to the Monthly Redemption Date, the
Equity  Conditions  have been  satisfied.  The Holders may convert,  pursuant to
Section  4(a),  any  principal  amount  of the  Debenture  subject  to a Monthly
Redemption at any time prior to the date that the Monthly  Redemption Amount and
all amounts owing thereon are due and paid in full.  Unless otherwise  indicated
by the Holder in the applicable  Notice of Conversion,  any principal  amount of
Debenture  converted  during  any 10 day  period  until  the  date  the  Monthly
Redemption Amount is paid shall be first applied to the principal amount subject
to the Monthly  Redemption  and such Company's cash payment to the Holder of the
Monthly  Redemption  Amount on such  Monthly  Redemption  Date  shall be reduced
accordingly,  and any remaining  principal  amount so converted shall be applied
against the last principal scheduled to be repaid pursuant to this Section 6(a),
in reverse time order.  The Company  covenants and agrees that it will honor all
Notice of  Conversions  tendered  up until such  amounts  are paid in full.  The
Company's  determination to pay a Monthly Redemption in cash or shares of Common
Stock shall be applied  ratably to all Holders based on their initial  purchases
of Debentures pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

                                       16
<PAGE>

      b) Optional Redemption  Procedure.  The payment of cash and/or issuance of
Common Stock, as the case may be, pursuant to a Monthly Redemption shall be made
on the Monthly Redemption Date. If any portion of the cash payment for a Monthly
Redemption shall not be paid by the Company by the respective due date, interest
shall accrue thereon at the rate of 15% per annum (or the maximum rate permitted
by  applicable  law,  whichever  is  less)  until  the  payment  of the  Monthly
Redemption   Amount,   plus  all  amounts   owing   thereon  is  paid  in  full.
Alternatively,  if any portion of the Monthly  Redemption  Amount remains unpaid
after such date, the Holders  subject to such  redemption may elect,  by written
notice to the Company given at any time thereafter, to invalidate ab initio such
redemption, notwithstanding anything herein contained to the contrary.

      c) Optional  Redemption at Election of Company.  Subject to the provisions
of this Section 6, the Company may deliver a notice to the Holders (an "Optional
Redemption Notice" and the date such notice is deemed delivered  hereunder,  the
"Optional  Redemption Notice Date") of its irrevocable  election to redeem on or
after the 45th Trading Day following the Optional  Redemption Notice Date but no
later than the 52nd Trading Day  following the Optional  Redemption  Notice Date
(such date, the "Optional  Redemption Date" and such  redemption,  the "Optional
Redemption") all of the then  outstanding  Debentures,  for an amount,  in cash,
equal to the Optional  Redemption Amount. The Optional  Redemption Amount is due
in full on the Optional Redemption Date. The Company may only effect an optional
redemption if during the period from the Optional Redemption Notice Date through
to the Optional  Redemption Date, each of the Equity  Conditions shall have been
met. If any of the Equity  Conditions  shall cease to be  satisfied  at any time
during the  required  period,  then the Holder may elect to nullify the Optional
Redemption Notice by notice to the Company within 3 Trading Days after the first
day on which any such Equity  Condition has not been met (provided that if, by a
provision of the  Transaction  Documents  the Company is obligated to notify the
Holder of the non-existence of an Equity Condition,  such notice period shall be
extended to the third Trading Day after proper notice from the Company) in which
case the  Optional  Redemption  Notice  shall be null and void,  ab initio.  Any
election by the Company under this Section 6(c) shall require the  redemption of
all Debentures.

      d)  Redemption  Procedure.  The  payment of cash  pursuant  to an Optional
Redemption shall be made on the Optional  Redemption Date. If any portion of the
cash payment for an Optional  Redemption shall not be paid by the Company by the
respective due date,  interest shall accrue thereon at the rate of 15% per annum
(or the maximum rate permitted by applicable  law,  whichever is less) until the
Optional  Redemption  Amount,  plus all amounts  owing  thereon is paid in full.
Alternatively,  if any portion of the Optional  Redemption Amount remains unpaid
after such date,  the Holders may elect,  by written notice to the Company given
at any time thereafter, to invalidate ab initio such redemption, notwithstanding
anything  herein  contained to the  contrary,  and,  with respect the failure to
honor the  Optional  Redemption,  the  Company  shall have no  further  right to
exercise  such  Optional  Redemption.  The  Holder  may  elect  to  convert  the
outstanding  principal  amount of the  Debenture  pursuant to Section 4 prior to
actual payment in cash for any redemption  under Section 6(c) by fax delivery of
a Notice of Conversion to the Company.  The Company covenants and agrees that it
will honor all  Conversion  Notices  tendered  from the time of  delivery of the
Optional  Redemption  Notice  through the date all amounts owing thereon are due
and paid in full on such date.

                                       17
<PAGE>


      Section 7. Negative Covenants. So long as any portion of this Debenture is
outstanding, the Company will not and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to
directly or indirectly:

      a) except for Permitted Liens, enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer
to exist any indebtedness or liens of any kind, on or with respect to any of its
property or assets now owned or hereafter  acquired or any  interest  therein or
any income or profits  therefrom  that is senior to, or pari passu with,  in any
respect,  the Company's  obligations  under the Debentures  (the granting of any
security interest in the assets of the Company shall be deemed a senior lien);

      b) amend  its  certificate  of  incorporation,  bylaws  or  other  charter
documents so as to adversely affect any rights of the Holder;

      c) repay,  repurchase or offer to repay,  repurchase or otherwise  acquire
more than a de  minimis  number of shares of its  Common  Stock or other  equity
securities  other than as to the  Conversion  Shares to the extent  permitted or
required  under the  Transaction  Documents  or as  otherwise  permitted  by the
Transaction Documents; or

      d) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

      Section 8. Events of Default.

      a)  "Event  of  Default",  wherever  used  herein,  means  any  one of the
following  events  (whatever  the reason and  whether it shall be  voluntary  or
involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment,  decree
or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or
governmental body):

            i. any  default in the  payment of (A) the  principal  amount of any
      Debenture,  or (B) interest  (including  Late Fees) on, any Debenture,  in
      each case free of any claim of  subordination,  as and when the same shall
      become due and payable  (whether on a Conversion Date or the Maturity Date
      or by acceleration or otherwise)  which default,  solely in the case of an
      interest  payment or other default  under clause (B) above,  is not cured,
      within 5 Trading Days;

            ii. the  Company  shall  materially  fail to observe or perform  any
      other  covenant or  agreement  contained in this  Debenture  (other than a
      breach by the Company of its obligations to deliver shares of Common Stock
      to the Holder upon  conversion  which  breach is addressed in clause (xii)
      below) which failure is not cured, if possible to cure, within the earlier
      to occur of (A) 10 Trading  Days after  notice of such default sent by the
      Holder or by any other  Holder and (B)15  Trading  Days after the  Company
      shall become or should have become aware of such failure;

                                       18
<PAGE>

            iii.  a default or event of  default  (subject  to any grace or cure
      period provided for in the applicable  agreement,  document or instrument)
      shall  occur  under (A) any of the  Transaction  Documents  other than the
      Debentures (other than a breach by the Company of its obligations  covered
      separately  elsewhere  under this Section 8(a)), or (B) any other material
      agreement,  lease,  document  or  instrument  to which the  Company or any
      Subsidiary is bound that would result in a Material  Adverse Effect on the
      Company;

            iv.  any  representation  or  warranty  made  herein,  in any  other
      Transaction  Documents,  in any written  statement made on or prior to the
      date of this Debenture pursuant hereto or thereto, or in any other report,
      financial  statement or certificate made or delivered to the Holder or any
      other  holder of  Debentures  made on or prior to the date of the Purchase
      Agreement  shall be untrue or incorrect in any material  respect as of the
      date when made or deemed made;

            v. (i) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries  shall commence a case
      under any applicable  bankruptcy or insolvency laws as now or hereafter in
      effect  or any  successor  thereto,  or  the  Company  or  any  Subsidiary
      commences  any other  proceeding  under any  reorganization,  arrangement,
      adjustment  of  debt,  relief  of  debtors,  dissolution,   insolvency  or
      liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction whether now or hereafter in
      effect relating to the Company or any Subsidiary  thereof or (ii) there is
      commenced  against  the  Company  or  any  Subsidiary   thereof  any  such
      bankruptcy, insolvency or other proceeding which remains undismissed for a
      period of 60 days;  or (iii) the  Company  or any  Subsidiary  thereof  is
      adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction insolvent or bankrupt; or
      any order of relief or other order  approving  any such case or proceeding
      is entered;  or (iv) the  Company or any  Subsidiary  thereof  suffers any
      appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of
      its property which  continues  undischarged or unstayed for a period of 60
      days;  or (v) the  Company  or any  Subsidiary  thereof  makes  a  general
      assignment for the benefit of creditors; or (vi) the Company shall fail to
      pay,  or shall  state that it is unable to pay, or shall be unable to pay,
      its debts  generally  as they  become  due;  or (vii) the  Company  or any
      Subsidiary  thereof shall call a meeting of its  creditors  with a view to
      arranging a  composition,  adjustment or  restructuring  of its debts;  or
      (viii) the Company or any  Subsidiary  thereof shall by any act or failure
      to act expressly  indicate its consent to,  approval of or acquiescence in
      any of the  foregoing;  or (ix) any  corporate or other action is taken by
      the Company or any Subsidiary  thereof for the purpose of effecting any of
      the foregoing;

                                       19
<PAGE>

            vi.  the  Company  or any  Subsidiary  shall  default  in any of its
      obligations  (subject to any  applicable  grace or cure periods) under any
      mortgage,  credit  agreement  or  other  facility,   indenture  agreement,
      factoring  agreement or other  instrument under which there may be issued,
      or by which  there  may be  secured  or  evidenced  any  indebtedness  for
      borrowed  money or money  due under any long  term  leasing  or  factoring
      arrangement of the Company in an amount exceeding  $250,000,  whether such
      indebtedness  now exists or shall  hereafter  be created and such  default
      shall  result in such  indebtedness  becoming  or being  declared  due and
      payable  prior to the date on which  it  would  otherwise  become  due and
      payable;

            vii.  the Common  Stock shall not be eligible  for  quotation  on or
      quoted for trading on a Trading Market and shall not again be eligible for
      and quoted or listed for trading thereon within five Trading Days;

            viii.  the  Company  shall  be a  party  to any  Change  of  Control
      Transaction,  shall agree to sell or dispose of all or in excess of 33% of
      its  assets in one or more  transactions  (whether  or not such sale would
      constitute a Change of Control  Transaction) or shall redeem or repurchase
      more than a de minimis number of its outstanding shares of Common Stock or
      other  equity  securities  of  the  Company  (other  than  redemptions  of
      Conversion  Shares  and  repurchases  of shares  of Common  Stock or other
      equity  securities  of departing  officers  and  directors of the Company;
      provided such repurchases shall not exceed $100,000, in the aggregate, for
      all officers and directors during the term of this Debenture);

            ix. a Registration  Statement shall not have been declared effective
      by the  Commission on or prior to the 240th calendar day after the Closing
      Date;

            x.  if,  during  the   Effectiveness   Period  (as  defined  in  the
      Registration  Rights  Agreement),  the  effectiveness  of the Registration
      Statement  lapses for any reason or the Holder  shall not be  permitted to
      resell  Registrable  Securities  (as  defined in the  Registration  Rights
      Agreement) under the Registration Statement, in either case, for more than
      60 consecutive Trading Days or 90 non-consecutive  Trading Days during any
      12 month period; provided,  however, that in the event that the Company is
      negotiating  a  merger,  consolidation,  acquisition  or  sale  of  all or
      substantially  all of  its  assets  or a  similar  transaction  and in the
      written  opinion of counsel to the Company,  the  Registration  Statement,
      would be required  to be amended to include  information  concerning  such
      transactions  or the parties  thereto that is not  available or may not be
      publicly  disclosed  at the  time,  the  Company  shall  be  permitted  an
      additional 10 consecutive  Trading during any 12 month period  relating to
      such an event;

            xi. the Company shall fail for any reason to deliver certificates to
      a Holder prior to the tenth  Trading Day after a Conversion  Date pursuant
      to and in accordance with Section 4(d) or the Company shall provide notice
      to the Holder,  including by way of public  announcement,  at any time, of
      its  intention  not  to  comply  with  requests  for  conversions  of  any
      Debentures in accordance with the terms hereof;

                                       20
<PAGE>

      b) Remedies  Upon Event of Default.  If any Event of Default  occurs,  the
full  principal  amount of this  Debenture,  together  with  interest  and other
amounts owing in respect thereof,  to the date of acceleration  shall become, at
the Holder's election, immediately due and payable in cash. The aggregate amount
payable  upon an Event of  Default  shall be equal to the  Mandatory  Prepayment
Amount.  Commencing  5 days after the  occurrence  of any Event of Default  that
results in the eventual  acceleration  of this  Debenture,  the interest rate on
this Debenture  shall accrue at the rate of 15% per annum, or such lower maximum
amount of interest  permitted to be charged under applicable law. All Debentures
for which the full Mandatory Prepayment Amount hereunder shall have been paid in
accordance  herewith  shall  promptly  be  surrendered  to or as directed by the
Company.  The  Holder  need  not  provide  and the  Company  hereby  waives  any
presentment,  demand,  protest or other  notice of any kind,  and the Holder may
immediately  and without  expiration of any grace period  enforce any and all of
its rights and remedies  hereunder and all other remedies  available to it under
applicable law. Such  declaration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder at any
time  prior to  payment  hereunder  and the  Holder  shall  have all rights as a
Debenture holder until such time, if any, as the full payment under this Section
shall have been received by it. No such rescission or annulment shall affect any
subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.


<PAGE>

      Section 9. Miscellaneous.

      a) Notices.  Any and all notices or other  communications or deliveries to
be provided by the Holders hereunder,  including, without limitation, any Notice
of Conversion,  shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, sent
by a nationally recognized overnight courier service,  addressed to the Company,
at Laurel Canyon Boulevard,  Suite 203, Studio City, California 91607, facsimile
number (818)  432-4560,  Attn: Raul Silvestre or such other address or facsimile
number as the Company  may  specify  for such  purposes by notice to the Holders
delivered  in  accordance  with  this  Section.  Any and all  notices  or  other
communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in
writing and delivered personally,  by facsimile, sent by a nationally recognized
overnight  courier service  addressed to each Holder at the facsimile  telephone
number or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company, or if no
such facsimile  telephone number or address  appears,  at the principal place of
business  of the  Holder.  Any  notice  or  other  communication  or  deliveries
hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of
transmission,  if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the
facsimile  telephone  number  specified in this Section  prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time), (ii) the date after the date of transmission, if such notice or
communication  is delivered  via  facsimile at the  facsimile  telephone  number
specified in this Section  later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date
and earlier than 11:59 p.m. (New York City time) on such date,  (iii) the second
Business Day  following the date of mailing,  if sent by  nationally  recognized
overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such
notice is required to be given.

                                       21
<PAGE>

      b) Absolute Obligation.  Except as expressly provided herein, no provision
of this Debenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company,  which is
absolute and  unconditional,  to pay the principal of,  interest and  liquidated
damages (if any) on, this  Debenture at the time,  place,  and rate,  and in the
coin or currency, herein prescribed.  This Debenture is a direct debt obligation
of the Company. This Debenture ranks pari passu with all other Debentures now or
hereafter issued under the terms set forth herein.

      c) Lost or Mutilated  Debenture.  If this  Debenture  shall be  mutilated,
lost,  stolen or destroyed,  the Company shall execute and deliver,  in exchange
and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Debenture,  or in lieu
of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed Debenture, a new Debenture
for the  principal  amount  of this  Debenture  so  mutilated,  lost,  stolen or
destroyed but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss,  theft or  destruction
of such Debenture, and of the ownership hereof, and indemnity, if requested, all
reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

      d) Governing  Law. All questions  concerning the  construction,  validity,
enforcement  and  interpretation  of this  Debenture  shall be  governed  by and
construed and enforced in accordance  with the internal laws of the State of New
York,  without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.  Each party
agrees that all legal proceedings  concerning the  interpretations,  enforcement
and defense of the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents
(whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors,
officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and
federal courts  sitting in the City of New York,  Borough of Manhattan (the "New
York  Courts").  Each party hereto hereby  irrevocably  submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction  of the  New  York  Courts  for  the  adjudication  of any  dispute
hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction  contemplated hereby
or discussed  herein  (including  with respect to the  enforcement of any of the
Transaction Documents),  and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert
in any suit, action or proceeding,  any claim that it is not personally  subject
to the  jurisdiction  of any such court, or such New York Courts are improper or
inconvenient  venue for such proceeding.  Each party hereby  irrevocably  waives
personal  service of process and  consents to process  being  served in any such
suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified
mail or  overnight  delivery  (with  evidence of  delivery) to such party at the
address in effect for  notices to it under this  Debenture  and agrees that such
service  shall  constitute  good and  sufficient  service of process  and notice
thereof.  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right
to serve  process in any manner  permitted  by law.  Each  party  hereto  hereby
irrevocably  waives,  to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and
all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to
this Debenture or the transactions  contemplated  hereby.  If either party shall
commence an action or  proceeding to enforce any  provisions of this  Debenture,
then the  prevailing  party in such action or proceeding  shall be reimbursed by
the other party for its  attorneys  fees and other costs and  expenses  incurred
with  the   investigation,   preparation  and  prosecution  of  such  action  or
proceeding.

                                       22
<PAGE>

      e)  Waiver.  Any  waiver by the  Company  or the Holder of a breach of any
provision of this Debenture  shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver
of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of
this  Debenture.  The failure of the Company or the Holder to insist upon strict
adherence to any term of this  Debenture on one or more  occasions  shall not be
considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon
strict  adherence to that term or any other term of this  Debenture.  Any waiver
must be in writing.

      f) Severability. If any provision of this Debenture is invalid, illegal or
unenforceable,  the balance of this Debenture shall remain in effect, and if any
provision is inapplicable to any person or circumstance,  it shall  nevertheless
remain applicable to all other persons and  circumstances.  If it shall be found
that any  interest  or other  amount  deemed  interest  due  hereunder  violates
applicable laws governing  usury,  the applicable rate of interest due hereunder
shall  automatically be lowered to equal the maximum permitted rate of interest.
The Company  covenants  (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall
not at any time insist upon,  plead, or in any manner  whatsoever  claim or take
the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law which
would  prohibit  or forgive  the  Company  from paying all or any portion of the
principal of or interest on this  Debenture  as  contemplated  herein,  wherever
enacted,  now or at any time  hereafter  in  force,  or  which  may  affect  the
covenants or the performance of this  indenture,  and the Company (to the extent
it may lawfully do so) hereby  expressly waives all benefits or advantage of any
such law,  and  covenants  that it will not, by resort to any such law,  hinder,
delay or impeded the  execution of any power herein  granted to the Holder,  but
will  suffer and permit  the  execution  of every such as though no such law has
been enacted.

      g) Next Business Day.  Whenever any payment or other obligation  hereunder
shall be due on a day other than a Business  Day,  such payment shall be made on
the next succeeding Business Day.

      h) Headings.  The headings  contained herein are for convenience  only, do
not  constitute  a part of this  Debenture  and  shall not be deemed to limit or
affect any of the provisions hereof.


                              *********************


                                       23
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  Company has caused  this  Debenture  to be duly
executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated.

                               RECOM MANAGED SYSTEMS, INC.

                               By:  /s/ Marvin H. Fink
                                    Name: Marvin H. Fink
                                    Title:  C.E.O.






                                       24
<PAGE>

                                     ANNEX A

                              NOTICE OF CONVERSION

      The  undersigned   hereby  elects  to  convert   principal  under  the  8%
Convertible  Debenture of Recom Managed  Systems,  Inc., a Delaware  corporation
(the  "Company"),  into shares of common stock,  par value $0.001 per share (the
"Common Stock"),  of the Company  according to the conditions  hereof, as of the
date  written  below.  If shares are to be issued in the name of a person  other
than the  undersigned,  the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable with
respect  thereto and is delivering  herewith such  certificates  and opinions as
reasonably  requested  by the Company in  accordance  therewith.  No fee will be
charged to the holder for any  conversion,  except for such transfer  taxes,  if
any.

      By the delivery of this Notice of Conversion  the  undersigned  represents
and  warrants to the Company  that its  ownership  of the Common  Stock does not
exceed the amounts  determined in accordance  with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act, specified under Section 4 of this Debenture.

      The undersigned agrees to comply with the prospectus delivery requirements
under the  applicable  securities  laws in  connection  with any transfer of the
aforesaid shares of Common Stock.


Conversion calculations:


                           Date to Effect Conversion:


                           Principal Amount of Debentures to be Converted:


                           Payment of Interest in Common Stock __ yes  __ no
                                 If yes,  $_____ of Interest Accrued on Account
                                 of Conversion at Issue.

                           Number of shares of Common  Stock to be issued:

                           Signature:

                           Name:

                           Address:

                                       25
<PAGE>

                                   SCHEDULE 1

                               CONVERSION SCHEDULE

The  8%  Convertible   Debentures,   in  the  aggregate   principal   amount  of
$____________  issued by Recom Managed  Systems,  Inc., a Delaware  corporation.
This Conversion Schedule reflects  conversions made under Section 4 of the above
referenced Debenture.

                                     Dated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------
                                                           Aggregate Principal
                                                             Amount Remaining
                                                              Subsequent to
      Date of Conversion                                        Conversion
(or for first entry, Original                                  (or original
         Issue Date)              Amount of Conversion      Principal Amount)            Company Attest
- ------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------
<S>                             <C>                       <C>                         <C>


- ------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------



- ------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------



- ------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------



- ------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------



- ------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------



- ------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------



- ------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------



- ------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------



- ------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                       26

