
<PAGE>


                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.2



                          REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT



         REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this "AGREEMENT"), dated as of December
20, 2004, by and among Viewpoint Corporation, a Delaware corporation, with
headquarters located at 498 Seventh Avenue, Suite 1810, New York, New York 10018
the "COMPANY"), and EagleRock Master Fund, LP (the "BUYER").

         WHEREAS:

         A.       In connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement by and
among the parties hereto of even date herewith (the "SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT"), the Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement, to issue and sell to the Buyer
1,886,792 shares (the "COMMON SHARES") of the Company's common stock, par value
$0.001 per share (the "COMMON STOCK");

         B.       To induce Buyer to execute and deliver the Securities Purchase
Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration rights under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the "1933 ACT"), and
applicable state securities laws.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the
Buyer hereby agree as follows:

         1.       Definitions.

         As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following
meanings:

                  a.       "BUSINESS DAY" means any day other than Saturday,
Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are
authorized or required by law to remain closed.

                  b.       "INVESTOR" means the Buyer, any transferee or
assignee thereof to whom the Buyer assigns its rights under this Agreement and
who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement in accordance
with Section 10 and any transferee or assignee thereof to whom a transferee or
assignee assigns its rights under this Agreement and who agrees to become bound
by the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with Section 10.

                  c.       "PERSON" means an individual, a limited liability
company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an
unincorporated organization and governmental or any department or agency
thereof.

                  d.       "REGISTER," "REGISTERED," and "REGISTRATION" refer to
a registration effected by preparing and filing one or more Registration
Statements (as defined below) in compliance with the 1933 Act and pursuant to
Rule 415 under the 1933 Act or any successor rule

<PAGE>


providing for offering securities on a continuous or delayed basis ("RULE 415"),
and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such Registration
Statement(s) by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"SEC").

                  e.       "REGISTRABLE SECURITIES" means the Common Shares and
any shares of capital stock issued or issuable with respect to the Common Shares
as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or
similar event or otherwise.

                  f.       "REGISTRATION STATEMENT" means a registration
statement or registration statements of the Company filed under the 1933 Act
covering the Registrable Securities.

         Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall
have the respective meanings set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

         2.       Registration.

                  a.       Mandatory Registration. The Company shall prepare,
and, as soon as practicable but in no event later than 30 days after the Closing
Date (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) (the "FILING DEADLINE"),
file with the SEC the Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the resale of
all of the Registrable Securities. In the event that Form S-3 is unavailable for
such a registration, the Company shall use such other form as is available for
such a registration, subject to the provisions of Section 2(c). The Registration
Statement prepared pursuant hereto shall register for resale at least that
number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Registrable Securities
as of the trading day immediately preceding the date the Registration Statement
is initially filed with the SEC, subject to adjustment as provided in Section
2(d). The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have the Registration
Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable, but in no event
later than the date which is (i) in the event that the Registration Statement is
not subject to a review by the SEC, 60 days after the Closing Date or (ii) in
the event that the Registration Statement is subject to a review by the SEC, 180
days after the Closing Date (the "EFFECTIVENESS DEADLINE").

                  b.       Allocation of Registrable Securities. The initial
number of Registrable Securities included in any Registration Statement and each
increase in the number of Registrable Securities included therein pursuant to
Section 2(d) shall be allocated pro rata among the Investors based on the number
of Registrable Securities held by each Investor at the time the Registration
Statement covering such initial number of Registrable Securities or increase
thereof is declared effective by the SEC. In the event that an Investor sells or
otherwise transfers any of such Investor's Registrable Securities, each
transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of the then remaining number of
Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement for such
transferor. Any shares of Common Stock included in a Registration Statement and
which remain allocated to any Person which ceases to hold any Registrable
Securities covered by such Registration Statement shall be allocated to the
remaining Investors, pro rata based on the number of Registrable Securities then
held by such Investors which are covered by such Registration Statement. In no
event shall the Company include any securities other than


                                       2
<PAGE>


Registrable Securities on any Registration Statement without the prior written
consent of the Buyer.

                  c.       Ineligibility for Form S-3. In the event that Form
S-3 is not available for the registration of the resale of Registrable
Securities hereunder, the Company shall (i) register the resale of the
Registrable Securities on another appropriate form reasonably acceptable to the
holders of at least two-thirds of the Registrable Securities and (ii) undertake
to register the Registrable Securities on Form S-3 as soon as such form is
available, provided that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement then in effect until such time as a Registration
Statement on Form S-3 covering the Registrable Securities has been declared
effective by the SEC.

                  d.       Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. In the event
the number of shares available under a Registration Statement filed pursuant to
Section 2(a) is insufficient to cover all of the Registrable Securities required
to be covered by such Registration Statement or an Investor's allocated portion
of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2(b), the Company shall amend
the applicable Registration Statement, or file a new Registration Statement (on
the short form available therefor, if applicable), or both, so as to cover at
least 100% of the number of such Registrable Securities as of the trading day
immediately preceding the date of the filing of such amendment or new
Registration Statement, in each case, as soon as practicable, but in any event
not later than fifteen (15) days after the necessity therefor arises. The
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause such amendment and/or new
Registration Statement to become effective as soon as practicable following the
filing thereof. For purposes of the foregoing provision, the number of shares
available under a Registration Statement shall be deemed "insufficient to cover
all of the Registrable Securities" if at any time the number of shares of Common
Stock available for resale under the Registration Statement is less than the
number of Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement.

         3.       Related Obligations.

         At such time as the Company is obligated to file a Registration
Statement with the SEC pursuant to Section 2(a), 2(c) or 2(d), the Company will
use its reasonable best efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable
Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof
(provided that such intended method of distribution shall not include an
underwritten offering) and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the
following obligations:

                  a.       The Company shall submit to the SEC, within two (2)
Business Days after the Company learns that no review of a particular
Registration Statement will be made by the staff of the SEC or that the staff
has no further comments on a particular Registration Statement, as the case may
be, a request for acceleration of effectiveness of such Registration Statement
to a time and date not later than 48 hours after the submission of such request.
The Company shall keep each Registration Statement effective pursuant to Rule
415 at all times until the earlier of (i) the date as of which the Investors may
sell all of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement
without restriction pursuant to Rule 144(k) (or successor thereto) promulgated
under the 1933 Act or (ii) the date on which the Investors shall have sold all
the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement (the
"REGISTRATION PERIOD"). The Company shall ensure that each Registration
Statement (including


                                       3
<PAGE>


any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein
(in the case of prospectuses, in the light of the circumstances in which they
were made) not misleading.

                  b.       The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such
amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to a
Registration Statement and the prospectus used in connection with such
Registration Statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424
promulgated under the 1933 Act, as may be necessary to keep such Registration
Statement effective at all times during the Registration Period, and, during
such period, comply with the provisions of the 1933 Act with respect to the
disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company covered by such
Registration Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities
shall have been disposed of in accordance with the intended methods of
disposition by the seller or sellers thereof as set forth in such Registration
Statement. In the case of amendments and supplements to a Registration Statement
which are required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement (including pursuant to
this Section 3(b)) by reason of the Company filing a report on Form 10-K, Form
10-Q or Form 8-K or any analogous report under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the "1934 ACT"), the Company shall have incorporated such
report by reference into such Registration Statement, if applicable, or shall
file such amendments or supplements with the SEC on the same day on which the
1934 Act report is filed which created the requirement for the Company to amend
or supplement such Registration Statement.

                  c.       The Company shall (A) permit one legal counsel
("LEGAL COUNSEL"), which shall be Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP or such
other counsel as thereafter designated by the holders of at least two-thirds of
the Registrable Securities to review and comment upon (i) a Registration
Statement at least three (3) Business Days prior to its filing with the SEC and
(ii) all amendments and supplements to all Registration Statements (except for
Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports
on Form 8-K and any similar or successor reports) within a reasonable number of
days prior to their filing with the SEC, and (B) not file any Registration
Statement or amendment or supplement thereto in a form to which Legal Counsel
reasonably objects. The Company shall not submit a request for acceleration of
the effectiveness of a Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement
thereto without the prior approval of Legal Counsel, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed. The Company shall furnish to Legal Counsel,
without charge, (i) copies of any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of
the SEC to the Company or its representatives relating to any Registration
Statement, (ii) promptly after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC, one
copy of any Registration Statement and any amendment(s) thereto, including
financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by
reference, if requested by an Investor, and all exhibits and (iii) upon the
effectiveness of any Registration Statement, one copy of the prospectus included
in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto. The
Company shall reasonably cooperate with Legal Counsel in performing the
Company's obligations pursuant to this Section 3.

                  d.       The Company shall furnish to each Investor whose
Registrable Securities are included in any Registration Statement, without
charge, (i) promptly after the


                                       4
<PAGE>


same is prepared and filed with the SEC, at least one copy of such Registration
Statement and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements and
schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference, if requested by an
Investor, all exhibits and each preliminary prospectus, (ii) upon the
effectiveness of any Registration Statement, ten (10) copies of the prospectus
included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements
thereto (or such other number of copies as such Investor may reasonably request)
and (iii) such other documents, including copies of any preliminary or final
prospectus, as such Investor may reasonably request from time to time in order
to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such
Investor.

                  e.       The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to
(i) register and qualify, unless an exemption from registration and
qualification applies, the resale by Investors of the Registrable Securities
covered by a Registration Statement under such other securities or "blue sky"
laws of all applicable jurisdictions in the United States, (ii) prepare and file
in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments)
and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to
maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take
such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and
qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv)
take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the
Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that
the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition
thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not
otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(e), (y) subject itself
to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to
service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify
Legal Counsel and each Investor who holds Registrable Securities of the receipt
by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the
registration or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale
under the securities or "blue sky" laws of any jurisdiction in the United States
or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threatening of any
proceeding for such purpose.

                  f.       The Company shall notify Legal Counsel and each
Investor in writing of the happening of any event, as promptly as practicable
after becoming aware of such event, as a result of which the prospectus included
in a Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of
a material fact or omission to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided that in no
event shall such notice contain any material, nonpublic information), and,
subject to Section 3(r), promptly prepare a supplement or amendment to such
Registration Statement to correct such untrue statement or omission, and deliver
ten (10) copies of such supplement or amendment to Legal Counsel and each
Investor (or such other number of copies as Legal Counsel or such Investor may
reasonably request). The Company shall also promptly notify Legal Counsel and
each Investor in writing (i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement or
post-effective amendment has been filed, and when a Registration Statement or
any post-effective amendment has become effective (notification of such
effectiveness shall be delivered to Legal Counsel and each Investor by facsimile
on the same day of such effectiveness and by overnight mail), (ii) of any
request by the SEC for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or
related prospectus or related


                                       5
<PAGE>


information, and (iii) of the Company's reasonable determination that a
post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement would be appropriate.

                  g.       The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to
prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of a
Registration Statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any of the
Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such an order or
suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at
the earliest possible moment and to notify Legal Counsel and each Investor who
holds Registrable Securities being sold of the issuance of such order and the
resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat
of any proceeding for such purpose.

                  h.       At the reasonable request of any Investor, the
Company shall furnish to such Investor, within five (5) Business Days following
the date of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement (i) a letter, dated
such date, from the Company's independent certified public accountants in form
and substance as is customarily given by independent certified public
accountants to underwriters in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the
Investors, and (ii) opinions, dated as of such date, of the Company's General
Counsel as to internal matters, in form, scope and substance as is customarily
given in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the Investors.

                  i.       The Company shall make available for inspection by
(i) one Investor (as may be designated by the holders of at least two-thirds of
the Registrable Securities), (ii) Legal Counsel and (iii) one firm of
accountants or other agents retained by the Investors (collectively, the
"INSPECTORS"), all pertinent financial and other records, and pertinent
corporate documents and properties of the Company (collectively, the "RECORDS"),
as shall be reasonably deemed necessary by each Inspector, and cause the
Company's officers, directors and employees to supply all information which any
Inspector may reasonably request; provided, however, that each Inspector shall
agree to hold in strict confidence and shall not make any disclosure (except to
an Investor) or use of any Record or other information which the Company
determines in good faith to be confidential, and of which determination the
Inspectors are so notified, unless (a) the disclosure of such Records is
necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration
Statement or is otherwise required under the 1933 Act, (b) the release of such
Records is ordered pursuant to a final, non-appealable subpoena or order from a
court or government body of competent jurisdiction, or (c) the information in
such Records has been made generally available to the public other than by
disclosure in violation of this or any other agreement of which the Inspector
has knowledge. Each Investor agrees that it shall, upon learning that disclosure
of such Records is sought in or by a court or governmental body of competent
jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt notice to the Company and allow
the Company, at its expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent
disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order for, the Records deemed
confidential. Nothing herein (or in any other confidentiality agreement between
the Company and any Investor) shall be deemed to limit the Investors' ability to
sell Registrable Securities in a manner which is otherwise consistent with
applicable laws and regulations.

                  j.       The Company shall hold in confidence and not make any
disclosure of information concerning an Investor provided to the Company unless
(i) disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with federal or state
securities laws, (ii) the


                                       6
<PAGE>


disclosure of such information is necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement
or omission in any Registration Statement, (iii) the release of such information
is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other final, non-appealable order from a
court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) such information
has been made generally available to the public other than by disclosure in
violation of this Agreement or any other agreement. The Company agrees that it
shall, upon learning that disclosure of such information concerning an Investor
is sought in or by a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction or
through other means, give prompt written notice to such Investor and allow such
Investor, at the Investor's expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent
disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order for, such information.

                  k.       The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts
either to (i) cause all the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration
Statement to be listed on each securities exchange on which securities of the
same class or series issued by the Company are then listed, if any, if the
listing of such Registrable Securities is then permitted under the rules of such
exchange, or (ii) secure designation and quotation of all the Registrable
Securities covered by a Registration Statement on the Nasdaq National Market, or
(iii) if, despite the Company's reasonable best efforts to satisfy the preceding
clause (i) or (ii), the Company is unsuccessful in satisfying the preceding
clause (i) or (ii), to secure the inclusion for quotation on The Nasdaq SmallCap
Market for such Registrable Securities and, without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, to use its reasonable best efforts to arrange for at least two
market makers to register with the National Association of Securities Dealers,
Inc. ("NASD") as such with respect to such Registrable Securities. The Company
shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligation
under this Section 3(k).

                  l.       The Company shall cooperate with the Investors who
hold Registrable Securities being offered and, to the extent applicable,
facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates (not bearing any
restrictive legend) representing the Registrable Securities to be offered
pursuant to a Registration Statement and enable such certificates to be in such
denominations or amounts, as the case may be, as the Investors may reasonably
request and registered in such names as the Investors may request.

                  m.       If requested by an Investor, the Company shall (i) as
soon as practicable incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment such information as an Investor reasonably requests to be included
therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities,
including, without limitation, information with respect to the number of
Registrable Securities being offered or sold, the purchase price being paid
therefor and any other terms of the offering of the Registrable Securities to be
sold in such offering; (ii) as soon as practicable make all required filings of
such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment after being notified of
the matters to be incorporated in such prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment; and (iii) as soon as practicable, supplement or make amendments to
any Registration Statement if reasonably requested by an Investor holding any
Registrable Securities.

                  n.       The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to
cause the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement to be
registered with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities
as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of such Registrable
Securities.


                                       7
<PAGE>


                  o.       The Company shall make generally available to its
security holders as soon as practical, but not later than ninety (90) days after
the close of the period covered thereby, an earnings statement (in form
complying with, and in the manner provided by, the provisions of Rule 158 under
the 1933 Act) covering a twelve-month period beginning not later than the first
day of the Company's fiscal quarter next following the effective date of a
Registration Statement.

                  p.       The Company shall otherwise use its reasonable best
efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC in
connection with any registration hereunder.

                  q.       Within two (2) Business Days after a Registration
Statement which covers Registrable Securities is ordered effective by the SEC,
the Company shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel for the Company to
deliver, to the transfer agent for such Registrable Securities (with copies to
the Investors whose Registrable Securities are included in such Registration
Statement) confirmation that such Registration Statement has been declared
effective by the SEC in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

                  r.       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, at
any time after the Registration Statement has been declared effective by the
SEC, the Company may delay the disclosure of material non-public information
concerning the Company the disclosure of which at the time is not, in the good
faith opinion of the Board of Directors of the Company and its counsel, in the
best interest of the Company and, based upon the advice of counsel to the
Company, otherwise required (a "GRACE PERIOD"); provided, that the Company shall
promptly (i) notify the Investors in writing of the existence of material
non-public information giving rise to a Grace Period (provided that in each
notice the Company will not disclose the content of such material non-public
information to the Investors) and the date on which the Grace Period will begin,
and (ii) notify the Investors in writing of the date on which the Grace Period
ends; and, provided further, that no Grace Period shall exceed fifteen (15)
consecutive days and during any three hundred sixty five (365) day period such
Grace Periods shall not exceed an aggregate of forty-five (45) days and the
first day of any Grace Period must be at least two (2) trading days after the
last day of any prior Grace Period (each, an "ALLOWABLE GRACE PERIOD"). For
purposes of determining the length of a Grace Period above, the Grace Period
shall begin on and include the date the Investors receive the notice referred to
in clause (i) and shall end on and include the later of the date the Investors
receive the notice referred to in clause (ii) and the date referred to in such
notice. The provisions of Section 3(f) hereof shall not be applicable during the
period of any Allowable Grace Period. Upon expiration of the Grace Period, the
Company shall again be bound by the first sentence of Section 3(f) with respect
to the information giving rise thereto unless such material non-public
information is no longer applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary,
the Company shall cause its transfer agent to deliver unlegended shares of
Common Stock to a transferee of an Investor in accordance with the terms of the
Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with any sale of Registrable
Securities with respect to which an Investor has entered into a contract for
sale, and delivered a copy of the prospectus included as part of the applicable
Registration Statement, prior to the Investor's receipt of the notice of a Grace
Period and for which the Investor has not yet settled.


                                       8
<PAGE>


         4.       Liquidated Damages.

                  (i)      In the event that the Registration Statement is not
filed within thirty (30) days following the Closing Date or is not declared
effective within sixty (60) days following the Closing Date (or, in the event
the Company receives oral or written notice from the SEC that it intends to
review the Registration Statement, within one hundred eighty (180) days
following the Closing Date), the Company shall pay to the Buyer liquidated
damages (in addition to the rights and remedies available to the Buyer under
applicable law and this Agreement) at a rate equal to one percent (1%) for every
thirty days after such failure (pro rata for partial months) of the total
purchase price of the Common Stock purchased by the Buyer pursuant to this
Agreement. Such liquidated damages shall be payable monthly in cash. If the
Company receives oral notice from the SEC that it intends to review the
Registration Statement, the Company shall promptly notify the Buyer and Legal
Counsel.

                  (ii)     In the event that the Registration Statement is filed
and declared effective but shall thereafter cease to be effective or useable or
the prospectus included in the Registration Statement (as amended or
supplemented by any prospectus supplement and by all other amendments thereto
and all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus) ceases to be
usable, in either case, in connection with the resale of Registrable Securities,
without such lapse being cured within fifteen (15) days (the "CURE PERIOD"),
with the maximum number of days in any Cure Periods during any 365 day period
not to exceed forty-five (45) days, by a post-effective amendment to the
Registration Statement, a supplement to the prospectus or a report filed with
the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act that cures
such lapse, then the Company shall pay to the Buyer liquidated damages (in
addition to the rights and remedies available to the Buyer under applicable law
and this Agreement), for the period from and including the first day following
the expiration of the Cure Period (or number of days in such Cure Periods
exceeding the aforementioned forty-five (45) days) until, but excluding the date
on which such failure is cured, at a rate equal to one percent (1%) for every
thirty days after such failure (pro rata for partial months) of the total
purchase price of the Common Stock purchased by the Buyer pursuant to this
Agreement and still held by the Buyer. Such liquidated damages shall be payable
monthly in cash.

         5.       Obligations Of The Investors.

                  a.       At least five (5) Business Days prior to the first
anticipated filing date of a Registration Statement, the Company shall notify
each Investor in writing of the information the Company requires from each such
Investor if such Investor elects to have any of such Investor's Registrable
Securities included in such Registration Statement. It shall be a condition
precedent to the obligations of the Company to complete the registration
pursuant to this Agreement with respect to the Registrable Securities of a
particular Investor that such Investor shall furnish to the Company such
information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities held by it and the
intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it as shall
be reasonably required to effect the effectiveness of the registration of such
Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents in connection with such
registration as the Company may reasonably request.


                                       9
<PAGE>


                  b.       Each Investor, by such Investor's acceptance of the
Registrable Securities, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably
requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of any
Registration Statement hereunder, unless such Investor has notified the Company
in writing of such Investor's election to exclude all of such Investor's
Registrable Securities from such Registration Statement.

                  c.       Each Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice
from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section
3(g) or the first sentence of 3(f), such Investor will immediately discontinue
disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration Statement(s)
covering such Registrable Securities until such Investor's receipt of the copies
of the supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3(g) or the
first sentence of 3(f) or receipt of notice that no supplement or amendment is
required. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Company shall cause its
transfer agent to deliver unlegended shares of Common Stock to a transferee of
an Investor in accordance with the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement in
connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which an
Investor has entered into a contract for sale prior to the Investor's receipt of
a notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in
Section 3(g) or the first sentence of 3(f) and for which the Investor has not
yet settled.

         6.       Expenses Of Registration.

         The Company shall pay all reasonable expenses, other than underwriting
discounts and commissions, incurred in connection with the performance of its
obligations hereunder and under the transactions contemplated hereby, including
the registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to Sections 2 and 3, and
including, without limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications
fees, printers and accounting fees, and fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company. The Company shall also reimburse the Investors for the fees and
disbursements of Legal Counsel in connection with registration, filing or
qualification pursuant to Sections 2 and 3 of this Agreement which amount shall
be limited to $5,000 for each Registration Statement.

         7.       Indemnification.

         In the event any Registrable Securities are included in a Registration
Statement under this Agreement:

                  a.       To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company
will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend each Investor, the
directors, officers, partners, employees, agents, representatives of, and each
Person, if any, who controls any Investor within the meaning of the 1933 Act or
the 1934 Act (each, an "INDEMNIFIED PERSON"), against any losses, claims,
damages, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs, reasonable
attorneys' fees, amounts paid in settlement or reasonable expenses, joint or
several, (collectively, "CLAIMS") incurred in investigating, preparing or
defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal
taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative
or other regulatory agency, body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened,
whether or not an indemnified party is or may be a party thereto ("INDEMNIFIED
DAMAGES"), to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or
actions or


                                       10
<PAGE>


proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of
or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact in a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment
thereto or in any filing made in connection with the qualification of the
offering under the securities or other "blue sky" laws of any jurisdiction in
which Registrable Securities are offered ("BLUE SKY FILING"), or the omission or
alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any
preliminary prospectus if used prior to the effective date of such Registration
Statement, or contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if
the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or
the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to
make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which the
statements therein were made, not misleading, (iii) any violation or alleged
violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, any other law,
including, without limitation, any state securities law, or any rule or
regulation thereunder relating to the offer or sale of the Registrable
Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement or (iv) any material violation
of this Agreement (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) being,
collectively, "VIOLATIONS"). Subject to Section 7(c), the Company shall
reimburse the Indemnified Persons, promptly as such expenses are incurred and
are due and payable, for any legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by
them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification
agreement contained in this Section 7(a): (i) shall not apply to a Claim by an
Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in
reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the
Company by such Indemnified Person for such Indemnified Person expressly for use
in connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement or any such
amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such prospectus was timely made
available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(d); (ii) with respect to any
preliminary prospectus, shall not inure to the benefit of any such person from
whom the person asserting any such Claim purchased the Registrable Securities
that are the subject thereof (or to the benefit of any person controlling such
person) if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the
preliminary prospectus was corrected in the prospectus, as then amended or
supplemented, if such prospectus was timely made available by the Company
pursuant to Section 3(d), and the Indemnified Person was promptly advised in
writing not to use the incorrect prospectus prior to the use giving rise to a
violation and such Indemnified Person, notwithstanding such advice, used it or
failed to deliver the correct prospectus as required by the 1933 Act and such
correct prospectus was timely made available pursuant to Section 3(d); (iii)
shall not be available to the extent such Claim is based on a failure of the
Investor to deliver or to cause to be delivered the prospectus made available by
the Company, including a corrected prospectus, if such prospectus or corrected
prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(d);
and (iv) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such
settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Such indemnity shall
remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on
behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the
Registrable Securities by the Investors pursuant to Section 10.

                  b.       In connection with any Registration Statement in
which an Investor is participating, each such Investor agrees to severally and
not jointly indemnify, hold


                                       11
<PAGE>


harmless and defend, to the same extent and in the same manner as is set forth
in Section 7(a), the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who
signs the Registration Statement and each Person, if any, who controls the
Company within the meaning of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act (each, an
"INDEMNIFIED PARTY"), against any Claim or Indemnified Damages to which any of
them may become subject, under the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, insofar
as such Claim or Indemnified Damages arise out of or are based upon any
Violation, in each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that such
Violation occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with written information
furnished to the Company by such Investor expressly for use in connection with
such Registration Statement; and, subject to Section 7(c), such Investor will
reimburse any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by an Indemnified
Party in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim; provided,
however, that the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 7(b) and the
agreement with respect to contribution contained in Section 8 shall not apply to
amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without
the prior written consent of such Investor, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, further, however, that the Investor
shall be liable under this Section 7(b) for only that amount of a Claim or
Indemnified Damages as does not exceed the net proceeds to such Investor as a
result of the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration
Statement. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of
any investigation made by or on behalf of such Indemnified Party and shall
survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Investors pursuant to
Section 10. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
indemnification agreement contained in this Section 7(b) with respect to any
preliminary prospectus shall not inure to the benefit of any Indemnified Party
if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the
preliminary prospectus was corrected on a timely basis in the prospectus, as
then amended or supplemented.

                  c.       Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or
Indemnified Party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any
action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving
a Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall, if a Claim in
respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section
7, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement
thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and,
to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other
indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof
with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person or the
Indemnified Party, as the case may be; provided, however, that an Indemnified
Person or Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain its own counsel with
the fees and expenses of not more than one counsel for such Indemnified Person
or Indemnified Party to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable
conclusion of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party, the representation by
such counsel of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying
party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests
between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other party
represented by such counsel in such proceeding. In the case of an Indemnified
Person, legal counsel referred to in the immediately preceding sentence shall be
selected by the Investors holding at least two-thirds in interest of the
Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement to which the Claim
relates. The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate fully with
the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such
action or Claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying
party all


                                       12
<PAGE>


information reasonably available to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person
which relates to such action or Claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the
Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person reasonably apprised at all times as to
the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto.
No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or
proceeding effected without its prior written consent, provided, however, that
the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its
consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the
Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or
enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not include as an
unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such
Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person of a release from all liability in
respect to such Claim or litigation. Following indemnification as provided for
hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the
Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties, firms
or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made.
The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a
reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve such
indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnified Person or Indemnified
Party under this Section 6, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is
prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.

                  d.       The indemnification required by this Section 7 shall
be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the
investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages
are incurred.

                  e.       The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in
addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party or
Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any
liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant to the law.

         8.       Contribution.

         To the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is
prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum
contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable
under Section 7 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that:
(i) no person involved in the sale of Registrable Securities which person is
guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of
the 1933 Act) in connection with such sale shall be entitled to contribution
from any person involved in such sale of Registrable Securities who was not
guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and (ii) contribution by any seller of
Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds
received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities pursuant to
such Registration Statement.

         9.       Reports Under The 1934 Act.

         With a view to making available to the Investors the benefits of Rule
144 promulgated under the 1933 Act or any other similar rule or regulation of
the SEC that may at any time permit the Investors to sell securities of the
Company to the public without registration ("RULE 144"), the Company agrees to:


                                       13
<PAGE>


                  a.       make and keep public information available, as those
terms are understood and defined in Rule 144;

                  b.       file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and
other documents required of the Company under the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act so
long as the Company remains subject to such requirements (it being understood
that nothing herein shall limit the Company's obligations under Section 4(c) of
the Securities Purchase Agreement) and the filing of such reports and other
documents is required for the applicable provisions of Rule 144; and

                  c.       furnish to each Investor so long as such Investor
owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by
the Company, if true, that it has complied with the reporting requirements of
Rule 144, the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act, (ii) a copy of the most recent annual
or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed
by the Company, and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested
to permit the Investors to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without
registration.

         10.      Assignment of Registration Rights.

         The rights under this Agreement shall be automatically assignable by
the Investors to any transferee of all or any portion of such Investor's
Registrable Securities if: (i) the Investor agrees in writing with the
transferee or assignee to assign such rights, and a copy of such agreement is
furnished to the Company within a reasonable time after such assignment; (ii)
the Company is, within a reasonable time after such transfer or assignment,
furnished with written notice of (a) the name and address of such transferee or
assignee, and (b) the securities with respect to which such registration rights
are being transferred or assigned; (iii) immediately following such transfer or
assignment the further disposition of such securities by the transferee or
assignee is restricted under the 1933 Act and applicable state securities laws;
(iv) at or before the time the Company receives the written notice contemplated
by clause (ii) of this sentence the transferee or assignee agrees in writing
with the Company to be bound by all of the provisions contained herein; and (v)
such transfer shall have been made in accordance with the applicable
requirements of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

         11.      Amendment of Registration Rights.

         Provisions of this Agreement may be amended and the observance thereof
may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either
retroactively or prospectively), only with the written consent of the Company
and Investors who then hold at least two-thirds of the Registrable Securities.
Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 11 shall be
binding upon each Investor and the Company. No such amendment shall be effective
to the extent that it applies to less than all of the holders of the Registrable
Securities. No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or
consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of any of this Agreement
unless the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties to this
Agreement.


                                       14
<PAGE>


         12.      Miscellaneous.

                  a.       A Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable
Securities whenever such Person owns or is deemed to own of record such
Registrable Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions,
notices or elections from two or more Persons with respect to the same
Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions,
notice or election received from the such record owner of such Registrable
Securities.

                  b.       Any notices, consents, waivers or other
communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this
Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon
receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile
(provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically
generated and kept on file by the sending party); or (iii) one Business Day
after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each
case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses and
facsimile numbers for such communications shall be:

                  If to the Company:

                    Viewpoint Corporation
                    498 Seventh Avenue, Suite 1810
                    New York, New York 10018
                    Telephone: (212) 201-0800
                    Facsimile: (212) 201-0801
                    Attention: General Counsel

                  If to Legal Counsel:

                    Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP
                    590 Madison Avenue
                    New York, New York 10022
                    Telephone: (212) 872-1068
                    Facsimile: (212) 872-1000
                    Attention: Stephen E. Older, Esq.

If to the Buyer, to its address and facsimile number set forth on the Schedule
of Buyers attached hereto, with copies to the Buyer's representatives as set
forth on the Schedule of Buyers, or to such other address and/or facsimile
number and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has
specified by written notice given to each other party five (5) days prior to the
effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the
recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B)
mechanically or electronically generated by the sender's facsimile machine
containing the time, date, recipient facsimile number and an image of the first
page of such transmission or (C) provided by a courier or overnight courier
service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by facsimile
or receipt from a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance
with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.


                                       15
<PAGE>


                  c.       Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy
under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right
or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

                  d.       All questions concerning the construction, validity,
enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the
internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of
law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or
any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any
jurisdictions other than the State of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably
submits to the non- exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
sitting The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any
dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated
hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to
assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or
proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit,
action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action
or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such
notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute
good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
manner permitted by law. If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that
jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this
Agreement in any other jurisdiction. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY
RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION
OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

                  e.       This Agreement, the Securities Purchase Agreement and
the instruments referenced herein and therein constitute the entire agreement
among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.
There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than
those set forth or referred to herein and therein. This Agreement, the
Securities Purchase Agreement and the instruments referenced herein and therein
supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.

                  f.       Subject to the requirements of Section 10, this
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the permitted
successors and assigns of each of the parties hereto.

                  g.       The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of
reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

                  h.       This Agreement may be executed in identical
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall
constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement, once executed by a party,
may be delivered to the other party hereto by


                                       16
<PAGE>


facsimile transmission of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the
party so delivering this Agreement.

                  i.       Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done
and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver
all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other
party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the
purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

                  j.       All consents and other determinations required to be
made by the Investors pursuant to this Agreement shall be made, unless otherwise
specified in this Agreement, by Investors holding at least two-thirds of the
Registrable Securities.

                  k.       The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to
be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no
rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

                  l.       This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not
for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other
Person.

                                   * * * * * *













                                       17
<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused their respective signature
page to this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of day and
year first above written.

                                       COMPANY:

                                       VIEWPOINT CORPORATION



                                       By:  /s/ Jerry S. Amato
                                          ----------------------------------
                                          Name:  Jerry S. Amato
                                          Title:  Chief Executive Officer













                [Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]



<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused their respective signature
page to this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of day and
year first above written.


                                       BUYER:

                                       EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP

                                       By: /s/ Nader Tavakoli
                                          ---------------------------------
                                            Name:  Nader Tavakoli
                                            Title: Authorized Signatory









                [Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]


<PAGE>


                               SCHEDULE OF BUYERS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                  INVESTOR ADDRESS                    INVESTOR'S REPRESENTATIVE'S
             INVESTOR                           AND FACSIMILE NUMBER                            ADDRESS
             --------                           --------------------                     AND FACSIMILE NUMBER
                                                                                         --------------------
<S>                                  <C>                                          <C>
EagleRock Master Fund, LP,           c/o EagleRock Capital Management LLC         Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld  LLP
a Cayman Islands limited             551 Fifth Avenue, 34th Floor                 590 Madison Avenue
partnership                          New York, NY 10176                           New York, New York 10022
                                     Attention: Nader Tavakoli                    Attention: Stephen Older, Esq.
                                     Facsimile: (212) 681-6096                    Facsimile: (212) 872-1002
                                     Telephone: (212) 692-5418                    Telephone: (212) 872-1068
</Table>


<PAGE>






                                                                       EXHIBIT A


                         FORM OF NOTICE OF EFFECTIVENESS
                            OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT

[Transfer Agent]
Attn:

    Re:  Viewpoint Corporation

Ladies and Gentlemen:

         [We are counsel to][I am the General Counsel of] Viewpoint Corporation,
a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and have represented the Company in
connection with that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December
__, 2004 (the "Purchase Agreement"), entered into by and among the Company and
the Buyer named therein (collectively, the "Holders") pursuant to which the
Company issued to the Holders shares of the Company's Common Stock, par value
$0.001 per share (the "Common Stock"). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the
Company also has entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Holders
(the "Registration Rights Agreement") pursuant to which the Company agreed,
among other things, to register the Registrable Securities (as defined in the
Registration Rights Agreement) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"1933 Act"). In connection with the Company's obligations under the Registration
Rights Agreement, on ____________ ___, 200_, the Company filed a Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-_____________) (the "Registration
Statement") with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") relating to
the Registrable Securities which names each of the Holders as a selling
stockholder thereunder.

         In connection with the foregoing, [we][I] advise you that a member of
the SEC's staff has advised [us][me] by telephone that the SEC has entered an
order declaring the Registration Statement effective under the 1933 Act at
[ENTER TIME OF EFFECTIVENESS] on [ENTER DATE OF EFFECTIVENESS] and [we][I] have
no knowledge, after telephonic inquiry of a member of the SEC's staff, that any
stop order suspending its effectiveness has been issued or that any proceedings
for that purpose are pending before, or threatened by, the SEC and the
Registrable Securities are available for resale under the 1933 Act pursuant to
the Registration Statement.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          [ISSUER'S COUNSEL][GENERAL COUNSEL]

                                          By:
                                             ---------------------------


CC:  [LIST NAMES OF HOLDERS]


