
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1


                VIEWPOINT CORPORATION COMPLETES PRIVATE PLACEMENT

NEW YORK, NY - DECEMBER 22, 2004 - Viewpoint Corporation (NASDAQ: VWPT) - a
leading provider of Internet graphics and delivery systems - announced today
that it completed a private placement of Viewpoint common stock with an
institutional investor. Viewpoint issued 1,886,792 shares of common stock in the
transaction at a price of $2.65 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of
approximately $5,000,000.

The securities issued in the private placement have not been registered under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be offered or sold in the
United States by the investor absent registration under the Securities Act or an
applicable exemption from the registration requirements of such act. In
connection with the private placement, Viewpoint has agreed to file with the
Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement covering the shares
issued in the private placement.

"The addition of $5,000,000 in cash improves our liquidity position and gives us
additional resources for financing the Unicast transaction and operating that
expanded unit," commented William H. Mitchell, chief financial officer of
Viewpoint.

"This financing combined with the Unicast acquisition agreement, the continuing
rapid adoption of the Viewpoint Toolbar now numbering over 8 million, and our
continued confidence in achieving positive EBITDA for the fourth quarter of
2004, represent several solid achievements this quarter," remarked Jay Amato,
chief executive officer of Viewpoint.

ABOUT VIEWPOINT
The Viewpoint Platform is the technology behind some of the most innovative,
visual experiences on the Web and on the desktop with leading clients such as
America Online, General Electric, General Motors, Hewlett Packard, IBM, Lexus,
Microsoft, Samsung, Scion, Sony and Toyota. Creative Innovator - the Company's
next-generation ad deployment and management system - and the Viewpoint Toolbar
- - the Vision for the Future of Search - are the latest breakthrough technologies
using the full power of the Viewpoint Platform. More information on Viewpoint
can be found at www.viewpoint.com.
The company has approximately 100 employees at its headquarters in New York City
and its office in Los Angeles.

Viewpoint is a registered trademark of Viewpoint Corporation. Copyright 2004
Viewpoint Corporation. All rights reserved.






