
<PAGE>
Exhibit 4.2


THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"). THE SECURITIES
MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR AN
OPINION OF COUNSEL, IN FORM, SUBSTANCE AND SCOPE CUSTOMARY FOR OPINIONS OF
COUNSEL IN COMPARABLE TRANSACTIONS, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID
ACT OR UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.

                                 12% SENIOR NOTE

December 20, 2004                                                    $__________

        FOR VALUE RECEIVED, SUMMUS, INC. (USA), a corporation organized under
the laws of the State of Florida (hereinafter called the "BORROWER"), hereby
promises to pay to the order of __________________________________ or its
registered assigns (the "HOLDER") the sum of __________ Dollars ($_____________)
(the "PRINCIPAL AMOUNT"), payable upon the earliest to occur of (i) May 15,
2005, (2) the closing of an equity or equity-linked financing with gross
proceeds to the Borrower of at least three million dollars ($3,000,000) and (3)
the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined herein) (the earliest to occur
of these dates is hereinafter referred to as the "MATURITY DATE"), and to pay
interest on the unpaid Principal Amount at the rate of twelve percent (12%) per
annum from the date hereof (the "ISSUE DATE"), payable on the Maturity Date. Any
Principal Amount of or interest on this Note which is not paid on the Maturity
Date shall bear interest at the rate of eighteen percent (18%) per annum
("DEFAULT INTEREST") from the due date thereof until the same is paid. Interest
shall be calculated based on a 360-day year and shall commence accruing on the
Issue Date. To the extent this Note is not repaid on the Maturity Date and the
Holder elects the conversion option described in Article II.A hereof, the Holder
may convert the interest on the unpaid Principal Amount hereof into shares of
Common Stock (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) in accordance with Article
II.A with an aggregate value, valuing each share at the Conversion Price, equal
in value to the amount of interest payable. All payments shall be made at such
address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice
made in accordance with the provisions of this Note.

        This Note is being issued by the Borrower pursuant to a Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2004, between the Borrower, the
Holder and the other purchasers named therein (the "PURCHASE AGREEMENT"). Each
capitalized term used, but not otherwise defined, herein shall have the meaning
ascribed thereto in the Purchase Agreement. For purposes hereof, the term
"NOTES" shall be deemed to refer to this Note, all other convertible




<PAGE>

notes issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and all convertible notes issued
in replacement hereof or thereof or otherwise with respect hereto or thereto.

        This Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with
respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or
other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose
personal liability upon the holder thereof.

        The following terms shall apply to this Note:

                              I. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

A.      EVENTS OF DEFAULT. If any of the following events (each, an "EVENT OF
DEFAULT") shall occur:

        1.      The Borrower fails to pay the Principal Amount hereof or
interest thereon when due, whether on the Maturity Date (but only in the event
that (i) such failure to pay continues for a period of fifteen (15) days
following the Maturity Date and (ii) the Holder delivers a Default Notice (as
defined below) to the Borrower within ten (10) business days following the end
of the 15-day period referred to in clause (i) above) or the Demand Payment Date
(as defined in Article IV.B), upon acceleration or otherwise;

        2.      The Borrower (i) fails to issue shares of Common Stock to any
holder of the Notes upon exercise by the holder of its conversion rights in
accordance with the terms of the Notes, (ii) fails to transfer or to cause its
transfer agent to transfer (electronically or in certificated form) any
certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to any Holder upon conversion of
or otherwise pursuant to the Notes as and when required by the Notes or upon
exercise of the Warrants issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (the
"WARRANTS"), as and when required by the terms thereof, or as required by the
Purchase Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December
20, 2004, by and among the Borrower and the other signatories thereto (the
"REGISTRATION RIGHTS Agreement"), (iii) fails to remove any restrictive legend
(or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any
certificate or any shares of Common Stock issued to the holders of the Notes
upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Notes as and when required by
the Notes or upon exercise of the Warrants, as and when required by the terms
thereof, or as required by the Purchase Agreement or the Registration Rights
Agreement, or (iv) fails to fulfill its obligations pursuant to Article IV of
the Purchase Agreement (or makes any announcement, statement or threat that it
does not intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph), and any
such failure shall continue uncured (or any announcement, statement or threat
not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for ten (10)
days after the Borrower shall have been notified thereof in writing by any
holder of the Notes;

        3.      (a) The Borrower fails to obtain effectiveness with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") prior to April 30, 2005 of the
Registration Statement (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement, the
"REGISTRATION STATEMENT") required to be filed pursuant to Section 3(a) of the
Registration Rights Agreement; (b) the Borrower fails to obtain the
effectiveness of any additional Registration Statement (required to be filed
pursuant to Section 3(b) of the Registration Rights Agreement) within sixty (60)
days after the Effective



                                       2
<PAGE>

Date (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement); or (c) any such
Registration Statement, after its initial effectiveness and during the
Registration Period (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), lapses in
effect or sales of all of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the
Registration Rights Agreement, the "REGISTRABLE SECURITIES") otherwise cannot be
made thereunder (whether by reason of the Borrower's failure to amend or
supplement the prospectus included therein in accordance with the Registration
Rights Agreement, the Borrower's failure to file and obtain effectiveness with
the SEC of an additional Registration Statement required pursuant to Section
3(b) of the Registration Rights Agreement or otherwise) for more than thirty
(30) consecutive days or more than sixty (60) days in any twelve (12) month
period after such Registration Statement becomes effective;

        4.      The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an
assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or consent to the
appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for all or substantially all of
its property or business; or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be
appointed;

        5.      Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation
proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law
for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any
subsidiary of the Borrower;

        6.      The Borrower shall fail to maintain the listing of the Common
Stock on the Nasdaq National Market ("NASDAQ"), the Nasdaq SmallCap Market (the
"NASDAQ SMALLCAP"), the New York Stock Exchange (the "NYSE"), the American Stock
Exchange ("AMEX") or the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board (the "OTCBB");

        7.      The sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all
of the assets of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction
or series of related transactions in which more than 50% of the voting power of
the Borrower is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger (other than a merger
solely for the purpose of reincorporating in another jurisdiction) or other
business combination of the Borrower with or into any other individual,
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other
entity or organization (each, a "PERSON") or Persons when the Borrower is not
the survivor;

        8.      The Borrower breaches any covenant contained in Article III
hereof and such breach continues uncured for a period of ten (10) days after
written notice thereof to the Borrower from any holder of Notes;

        9.      The Borrower shall be in default of a material term, covenant,
warranty or undertaking of any material agreement to which the Borrower is a
party, including, but not limited to, any obligation for indebtedness senior or
PARI PASSU to the obligations hereunder;

        10.     Any material representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of
the Borrower made herein, or in the Purchase Agreement or the Registration
Rights Agreement shall be materially false or misleading or breached by the
Borrower;

        11.     Any money judgment, writ or similar final process shall be
entered or filed against the Borrower or any of its property or other assets for
more than $250,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a
period of sixty (60) days; or


                                       3
<PAGE>

        12.     An SEC stop trade order or the trading suspension of the Common
Stock on the OTCBB (or such principal exchange on which the Common Stock trades)
shall be in effect for five (5) consecutive Trading Days or five (5) Trading
Days during a period of ten (10) consecutive Trading Days, excluding in all
cases a suspension of all trading on the OTCBB (or such principal exchange on
which the Common Stock trades); provided, that this shall only be a Event of
Default to the extent that the Borrower shall not have been able to cure such
trading suspension within thirty (30) days of the notice thereof or list the
Common Stock on the Nasdaq SmallCap, Nasdaq, the NYSE, AMEX or OTCBB within
sixty (60) days of such notice

then, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default
specified in subparagraphs 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 or 12 at the option of
the Holder exercisable by the delivery of written notice (the "DEFAULT NOTICE")
to the Borrower of such Event of Default (provided that the remedies afforded
under this Article I.A shall only be available to Holders providing such
notice), or upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in
subparagraphs 4 or 5, the then outstanding Notes shall become immediately
redeemable and the Borrower shall purchase each holder's outstanding Notes for
an amount equal to the greater of (i) the Applicable Percentage (as defined
below) multiplied by the sum of (a) the then outstanding Principal Amount of the
Notes, plus (b) all accrued and unpaid interest thereon for the period beginning
on the Issue Date and ending on the date of payment of the Default Amount (the
"DEFAULT PAYMENT DATE"), plus (c) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts
referred to in clauses (a) and/or (b), plus (d) all Conversion Default Payments
(as defined in Article II.E below), Delivery Default Payments (as defined in
Article II.D.3 below) and any other amounts owed to such holder pursuant to
Section 3(c) of the Registration Rights Agreement, and (ii) the "PARITY VALUE"
of the Notes to be redeemed, where parity value means the product of (x) the
highest number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of or
otherwise pursuant to such Notes in accordance with the terms hereof (without
giving any effect to any limitations on conversions of Notes contained herein,
and treating the Trading Day (as defined in Article II.B.1) immediately
preceding the Default Payment Date as the "CONVERSION DATE" (as defined in
Article II.D.5) for purposes of determining the lowest applicable Conversion
Price, unless the Event of Default arises as a result of a breach in respect of
a specific Conversion Date in which case such Conversion Date shall be the
Conversion Date), multiplied by (y) the highest Closing Price (as defined below)
for the Common Stock during the period beginning on the date of first occurrence
of the Event of Default and ending one day prior to the Default Payment Date
(the greater of such amounts set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above being
referred to as the "DEFAULT AMOUNT"). The Default Amount, together with all
other ancillary amounts payable hereunder, shall immediately become due and
payable, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are
expressly waived, together with all costs, including, without limitation,
reasonable legal fees and expenses of collection, and Holder shall be entitled
to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. The
"APPLICABLE PERCENTAGE" shall mean one hundred twenty (120%) in the case of any
Event of Default specified in subparagraphs 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 or 12,
and one hundred percent (100%) in the case of any Event of Default specified in
subparagraphs 4 or 5.


                                       4
<PAGE>

        B.      FAILURE TO PAY DEFAULT AMOUNT. In the case of an Event of
Default, if the Borrower fails to pay the Default Amount within five (5)
business days of written notice that such amount is due and payable, then
(assuming there are sufficient authorized shares) in addition to all other
available remedies, the Holder shall have the right at anytime, and from time to
time after the failure to timely pay the Default Amount, so long as the Event of
Default continues, to require the Borrower, upon written notice, to immediately
issue (in accordance with and subject to the terms of Article II below), in lieu
of the portion of the Default Amount with respect to which such election is
made, the number of shares of Common Stock of the Borrower equal to such
applicable redemption amount divided by any Conversion Price (as defined below),
as chosen in the sole discretion of Holder, in effect from the date of the Event
of Default until the date Holder elects to exercise its rights pursuant to this
Article I.B.

                     II. CONVERSION AT THE OPTION OF HOLDER

        A.      OPTIONAL CONVERSION. To the extent that this Note is not paid on
the Maturity Date, the Holder may convert this Note into Common Stock, in whole
or in part, in accordance with this Article II (an "OPTIONAL CONVERSION"). This
Note shall be convertible into such number of fully paid and nonassessable
shares of Common Stock as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any
other shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which
such Common Stock is thereafter changed or reclassified, as is determined by
dividing (a) the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by (b) the Conversion
Price (as defined in Article II.B below); provided, HOWEVER, that in no event
shall Holder be entitled to convert this Note in exercise of that dollar amount
of Notes upon conversion of which the sum of (x) the number of shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of
Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the
unconverted portion of this Note, or the unexercised or unconverted portion of
any other securities of the Borrower (including, without limitation, the
Warrants) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the
limitations contained herein) and (y) the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon the conversion of the portion of this Note with respect to which
the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial
ownership by Holder and Holder's affiliates of more than 4.9% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the proviso to the immediately preceding
sentence, (i) beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Regulation
13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (x) of such proviso and
(ii) such proviso may not be amended without (a) the written consent of the
Holder and the Borrower and (b) the approval of the holders of a majority of
Borrower's Common Stock present, or represented by proxy, and voting at any
meeting called to vote on such proviso. "CONVERSION AMOUNT" means (i) the
portion of the Principal Amount of this Note being converted, plus (ii) all
accrued and unpaid interest thereon for the period beginning on the Issue Date
and ending on the Conversion Date (as defined in Article II.B.1), plus (iii)
Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately
preceding clauses (i) and/or (ii), plus (iv) any Conversion Default Payments (as
defined in Article II.E) and Delivery Default Payments (as defined in Article
II.D.3) payable with respect thereto, together with any other amounts owed to
Holder pursuant to Section 3(c) of the Registration Rights Agreement.


                                       5
<PAGE>

        B.      CONVERSION PRICE.

                1.      CALCULATION OF CONVERSION PRICE. The "CONVERSION PRICE"
shall be the lesser of the Fixed Price and the Market Price. The "FIXED PRICE"
shall mean ninety percent (90%) of the Closing Price on the Maturity Date. The
"MARKET PRICE" shall mean ninety percent (90%) of the lower of the (i) average
of the Closing Prices for the five (5) Trading Days (the "PRICING PERIOD")
immediately preceding the date of the Optional Conversion and (ii) the Closing
Price on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the Optional
Conversion. "CLOSING PRICE," as of any date, means the closing bid price of the
Common Stock on the OTCBB as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets or an
equivalent reliable reporting service mutually acceptable to and hereafter
designated by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Principal Amount of
the Notes and the Borrower ("BLOOMBERG") or, if the OTCBB is not the principal
trading market for such security, the closing bid price of such security on the
principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or
traded as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no closing bid price of such security is
available in any of the foregoing manners, the average of the bid prices of any
market makers for such security that are listed in the "pink sheets" by the
National Quotation Bureau, Inc. If the Closing Price cannot be calculated for
such security on such date in the manner provided above, the Closing Price shall
be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Borrower and the holders
of a majority of the outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes for which the
calculation of the Closing Price is required. "TRADING DAY" shall mean any day
on which the Common Stock is traded for any period on the OTCBB, or on the
principal securities exchange or other securities market on which the Common
Stock is then being traded.

                2.      CONVERSION PRICE DURING MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENTS.
Notwithstanding anything contained in subparagraph 1 of this Article II.B to the
contrary, in the event the Borrower (a) makes a public announcement that it
intends to consolidate or merge with any other corporation (other than a merger
in which the Borrower is the surviving or continuing corporation and its capital
stock is unchanged or a merger solely for the purpose of reincorporating in
another jurisdiction) or sell or transfer all or substantially all of the assets
of the Borrower or (b) any person, group or entity (including the Borrower)
publicly announces a tender offer to purchase 50% or more of the Borrower's
Common Stock (or any other takeover scheme) (the date of the announcement
referred to in clause (a) or (b) is hereinafter referred to as the "ANNOUNCEMENT
DATE"), then the Conversion Price shall, effective on the Announcement Date and
continuing through the Adjusted Conversion Price Termination Date (as defined
below), be equal, for each such date, to the lower of (x) the Conversion Price
which would have been applicable for an Optional Conversion occurring on the
Announcement Date and (y) the Conversion Price that would otherwise be in effect
on such date. From and after the Adjusted Conversion Price Termination Date, the
Conversion Price shall be determined as set forth in subparagraph 1 of this
Article II.B. For purposes hereof, "ADJUSTED CONVERSION PRICE TERMINATION DATE"
shall mean, with respect to any proposed transaction or tender offer (or
takeover scheme) for which a public announcement as contemplated by this
subparagraph 2 has been made, the date upon which the Borrower (in the case of
clause (a) above) or the person, group or entity (in the case of clause (b)
above) consummates or publicly announces the termination or abandonment of the
proposed transaction or tender offer (or takeover scheme) which caused this
subparagraph 2 to become operative.


                                       6
<PAGE>

        C.      ADJUSTMENTS TO CONVERSION PRICE. The Conversion Price shall be
subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

                1.      ADJUSTMENT TO CONVERSION PRICE DUE TO STOCK SPLIT, STOCK
DIVIDEND, ETC. If, at any time when this Note is outstanding, the number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock is increased or decreased by a stock split,
stock dividend, combination, reclassification, rights offering below the Trading
Price (as defined below) to all holders of Common Stock or other similar event,
which event shall have taken place during the reference period for determination
of the Conversion Price for any Optional Conversion, then the Conversion Price
shall be calculated giving appropriate effect to the stock split, stock
dividend, combination, reclassification or other similar event. In such event,
the Borrower shall notify the Transfer Agent of such change on or before the
effective date thereof. "TRADING PRICE," which shall be measured as of the
record date in respect of the rights offering, means (i) the average of the last
reported sale prices for the shares of Common Stock on Nasdaq as reported by
Bloomberg, as applicable, for the five (5) Trading Days immediately preceding
such date, or (ii) if Nasdaq is not the principal trading market for the shares
of Common Stock, the average of the last reported sale prices on the principal
trading market for the Common Stock during the same period as reported by
Bloomberg, or (iii) if market value cannot be calculated as of such date on any
of the foregoing bases, the Trading Price shall be the fair market value as
reasonably determined in good faith by (x) the Board of Directors of the
Borrower or (y) at the option of the holders of a majority of the then
outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes, by an independent investment bank of
nationally recognized standing in the valuation of businesses similar to the
business of the Borrower.

                2.      ADJUSTMENT DUE TO MERGER, CONSOLIDATION, ETC. If, at any
time when this Note is outstanding and prior to the conversion of all Notes,
there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization,
reorganization, or other similar event, as a result of which shares of Common
Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of
shares of another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or
another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all
of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete
liquidation of the Borrower (each, a "CHANGE OF CONTROL TRANSACTION"), then
Holder shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note
upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu of
the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon such conversion
such stock, securities or assets which Holder would have been entitled to
receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately
prior to such transaction (without regard to any limitations on conversion or
exercise contained herein), including any rights (including election rights)
that Holder would have had if Holder were a stockholder at any time prior to the
consummation of the Change of Control Transaction, and in any such case
appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the rights and interests of
Holder to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation,
provisions for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note) shall thereafter be
applicable, as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or
assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion of this Note. The Borrower
shall not effect any transaction described in this subparagraph 2 unless (i) it
first gives, to the extent practical, thirty (30) days' prior written notice
(but in any event at least fifteen (15) business days prior written notice) of
the record date of the special meeting of stockholders to approve, or if there
is no such



                                       7
<PAGE>

record date, the consummation of, such Change of Control Transaction (during
which time Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note), which notice shall be
given concurrently with the first public announcement of such transaction, and
(ii) the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) and, if
an entity different from the successor or acquiring entity, the entity whose
capital stock or assets the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to receive
as a result of such Change of Control Transaction, assumes by written instrument
the obligations of the Borrower under this Note (including under this
subparagraph 2). The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive
consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.

                3.      ADJUSTMENT DUE TO DISTRIBUTION. If, at any time when
this Note is outstanding, the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of
its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Stock as a
dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including
any dividend or distribution to the Borrower's shareholders in cash or shares
(or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a
spin-off)) (a "DISTRIBUTION"), then Holder shall be entitled, upon any
conversion of this Note after the date of record for determining shareholders
entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would
have been payable to Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon such conversion had Holder been the holder of such shares of Common Stock
on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such
Distribution.

                4.      PURCHASE RIGHTS. If, at any time when this Note is
outstanding, the Borrower issues any convertible securities or rights to
purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property (the "PURCHASE RIGHTS")
pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Stock, then Holder will be
entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the
aggregate Purchase Rights which Holder could have acquired if Holder had held
the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this
Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion or exercise contained
herein and based upon the Conversion Price as would then be in effect)
immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance
or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of
which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant,
issue or sale of such Purchase Rights.

                5.      ADJUSTMENT FOR RESTRICTED PERIODS. In the event that (a)
the Borrower fails to obtain effectiveness with the SEC of any Registration
Statement required to be filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement on
or prior to the date on which such Registration Statement is required to become
effective pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, or (b) any
such Registration Statement, after its initial effectiveness and during the
Registration Period, lapses in effect, or sales of all of the Registrable
Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) otherwise cannot be
made thereunder, whether by reason of the Borrower's failure or inability to
amend or supplement the prospectus (the "PROSPECTUS") included therein in
accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement or otherwise (including
without, limitation, during an Allowed Delay (as defined in Section 3(f) of the
Registration Rights Agreement)), then, at the election of the Holder, the
Pricing Period shall be comprised of (x) in the case of an event described in
clause (a), any five (5) consecutive Trading Days during the period beginning
five (5) Trading Days preceding the date on which such Registration Statement is
required to become effective pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights
Agreement, through and including the third (3rd) Trading Day following the
actual date of



                                       8
<PAGE>

effectiveness of the Registration Statement and (y) in the case of an event
described in clause (b), any five (5) consecutive Trading Days during the period
beginning five (5) Trading Days preceding the date on which Holder is first
notified that sales may not be made under the Prospectus through and including
the third (3rd) Trading Day following the date on which Holder is first notified
that such sales may again be made under the Prospectus. If Holder determines
that sales may not be made pursuant to the Prospectus (whether by reason of the
Borrower's failure or inability to amend or supplement the Prospectus or
otherwise) it shall so notify the Borrower in writing and, unless the Borrower
provides such holder with a written opinion of the Borrower's counsel to the
contrary, such determination shall be binding for purposes of this paragraph.

        D.      MECHANICS OF CONVERSION. In order to convert this Note into
shares of Common Stock, Holder shall: (1) submit a copy of the fully executed
notice of conversion in the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT A ("NOTICE OF
CONVERSION") to the Borrower by facsimile dispatched prior to Midnight, New York
City time (the "CONVERSION NOTICE DEADLINE"), on the date specified therein as
the Conversion Date (as defined in Article II.D.5) (or by other means resulting
in, or reasonably expected to result in, written notice to the Borrower on the
date specified therein as the Conversion Date) to the office of the Borrower or
its designated Transfer Agent for the Notes, which notice shall specify the
Principal Amount of this Note to be converted, the applicable Conversion Price
and a calculation of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion; and (2) subject to Article II.D.1 below, surrender this Note along
with a copy of the Notice of Conversion to the office of the Borrower as soon as
practicable thereafter. In the case of a dispute as to the calculation of the
Conversion Price, the Borrower shall promptly issue that number of shares of
Common Stock as is not disputed in accordance with subparagraph (3) below. The
Borrower shall submit the disputed calculations to its outside accountant via
facsimile within two (2) business days of receipt of the Notice of Conversion.
The accountant shall audit the calculations and notify the Borrower and Holder
of the results no later than 48 hours from the time it receives the disputed
calculations. The accountant's calculation shall be deemed conclusive absent
manifest error.

                1.      SURRENDER OF NOTE UPON CONVERSION. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in
accordance with the terms hereof, Holder shall not be required to physically
surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid Principal Amount of
this Note is so converted. Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records
showing the Principal Amount so converted and the dates of such conversions or
shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to Holder and the Borrower,
so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion.
In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the Borrower shall
be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any portion of this Note is converted as
aforesaid, Holder may not transfer this Note unless Holder first physically
surrenders this Note to the Borrower, whereupon the Borrower will forthwith
issue and deliver upon the order of Holder a new Note of like tenor, registered
as Holder may request, representing in the aggregate the remaining unpaid
Principal Amount of this Note. Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this
Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph,
following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted
Principal Amount of this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face
hereof.


                                       9
<PAGE>

                2.      LOST OR STOLEN NOTES. Upon receipt by the Borrower of
evidence of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note, and (in the
case of loss, theft or destruction) of indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the
Borrower, and upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, if mutilated, the
Borrower shall execute and deliver a new Note of like tenor and date.

                3.      DELIVERY OF COMMON STOCK UPON CONVERSION. Upon the
submission of a Notice of Conversion, the Borrower shall, within two (2)
business days after the Conversion Date (the "DELIVERY PERIOD"), issue and
deliver (or cause its Transfer Agent to so issue and deliver) in accordance with
the terms hereof and the Purchase Agreement to or upon the order of Holder that
number of shares of Common Stock for the portion of this Note converted as shall
be determined in accordance herewith. In addition to any other remedies
available to Holder, including actual damages and/or equitable relief, the
Borrower shall pay to Holder $2,000 per day in cash for each day beyond an eight
(8) day grace period following the Delivery Period that the Borrower fails to
deliver Common Stock (a "DELIVERY DEFAULT") issuable upon conversion of this
Note pursuant to the Notice of Conversion until such time as the Borrower has
delivered all such Common Stock (the "DELIVERY DEFAULT PAYMENTS"). Such Delivery
Default Payments shall be paid to Holder by the fifth (5th) day of the month
following the month in which they have accrued or, at the option of Holder (by
written notice to the Borrower by the first day of the month following the month
in which they have accrued), shall be convertible into Common Stock in
accordance with the terms of this Article II.

                In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the
Common Stock issuable upon conversion, provided the Borrower's Transfer Agent is
participating in the Depository Trust Borrower ("DTC") Fast Automated Securities
Transfer ("FAST") program, upon written request of Holder and its compliance
with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, the provisions contained in
Article II.A and in this Article II.D, the Borrower shall use its best efforts
to cause its Transfer Agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable
upon conversion to Holder by crediting the account of Holder's Prime Broker with
DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission ("DWAC") system. The time
periods for delivery and penalties described in the immediately preceding
paragraph shall apply to the electronic transmittals described herein.

                In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Borrower fails to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates
representing the Conversion Shares pursuant to a conversion by the end of the
Delivery Period, and if after such day the Holder is required by its broker to
purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to
deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Common Stock which the
Holder anticipated receiving upon such conversion (a "BUY-IN"), then the
Borrower shall (1) pay in cash to the Holder the amount by which (x) the
Holder's total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the
shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by
multiplying (A) the number of shares of Common Stock that the Borrower was
required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the conversion at issue
times (B) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase
obligation was executed, and (2) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate
the portion of the Note and equivalent number of shares of Common Stock for
which such conversion was not honored or deliver to the Holder the number of
shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Borrower timely
complied with its conversion and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if
the Holder purchases Common



                                       10
<PAGE>

Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to
an attempted conversion of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price
giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (1) of the
immediately preceding sentence the Borrower shall be required to pay the Holder
$1,000. The Holder shall provide the Borrower written notice indicating the
amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In, together with applicable
confirmations and other evidence reasonably requested by the Borrower. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holder's right to pursue any other remedies available to it
hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of
specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Borrower's
failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock upon
conversion of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

                4.      NO FRACTIONAL SHARES. If any conversion of this Note
would result in a fractional share of Common Stock or the right to acquire a
fractional share of Common Stock, such fractional share shall be disregarded and
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note shall
be the next higher number of shares.

                5.      CONVERSION DATE. The "CONVERSION DATE" shall be the date
specified in the Notice of Conversion, provided that the Notice of Conversion is
submitted by facsimile (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected
to result in, written notice) to the Borrower or its Transfer Agent before
Midnight, New York City time, on the date so specified, otherwise the Conversion
Date shall be the first business day after the date so specified on which the
Notice of Conversion is actually received by the Borrower or its Transfer Agent.
The person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of this Note shall be treated for all purposes as the record
holder or holders of such securities as of the Conversion Date and all rights
with respect to this Note (or portion thereof) surrendered shall forthwith
terminate except the right to receive the shares of Common Stock or other
securities or property issuable on such conversion (or exercise) and except that
the holders preferential rights as a Holder of this Note shall survive to the
extent the Borrower fails to deliver such securities.

        E.      RESERVATION OF SHARES. A number of shares of the authorized but
unissued Common Stock sufficient to provide for the conversion in full of the
Notes outstanding (based on Conversion Price in effect from time to time) shall
at all times be reserved by the Borrower, free from preemptive rights, for such
conversion or exercise. As of the Issue Date, authorized and unissued shares of
Common Stock equal to the Maximum Share Amount have been duly reserved for
issuance upon conversion of the Notes (the "RESERVED AMOUNT"). The Reserved
Amount shall be increased from time to time in accordance with the Borrower's
obligations pursuant to Section 4(g) of the Purchase Agreement. In addition, if
the Borrower shall issue any securities or make any change in its capital
structure which would change the number of shares of Common Stock into which the
Notes shall be convertible, the Borrower shall at the same time also make proper
provision so that thereafter there shall be a sufficient number of shares of
Common Stock authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, for
conversion of the Notes.

        If at any time Holder submits a Notice of Conversion, and the Borrower
does not have sufficient authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock duly
reserved and available for issuance to effect such conversion in accordance with
the provisions of this Article II (a "CONVERSION DEFAULT"), subject to Article
V.I, the Borrower shall issue to Holder all of the



                                       11
<PAGE>

shares of Common Stock which are available to effect such conversion and
exercise, if applicable. The portion of the Principal Amount of this Note
included in the Notice of Conversion which exceeds the amount which is then
convertible (or exercisable) into available shares of Common Stock (the "EXCESS
AMOUNT") shall, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, not
be convertible (or exercisable) into Common Stock in accordance with the terms
hereof until (and at Holder's option at any time after) the date additional
shares of Common Stock are authorized and duly reserved by the Borrower to
permit such conversion (or exercise), at which time the Conversion Price in
respect thereof shall be the lesser of (i) the Conversion Price on the
Conversion Default Date (as defined below) and (ii) the Conversion Price on the
Conversion Date elected by Holder in respect thereof. The Borrower shall use its
best efforts to effect an increase in the authorized number of shares of Common
Stock as soon as possible following the earlier of (x) such time that Holder
notifies the Borrower or that the Borrower otherwise becomes aware that there
are or likely will be insufficient authorized and unissued shares to allow full
conversion hereof and (y) a Conversion Default. In addition, the Borrower shall
pay to Holder payments ("CONVERSION DEFAULT PAYMENTS") for a Conversion Default
in the amount of (a) .18, multiplied by (b) the Conversion Default Amount (as
defined below), multiplied by (c)(N/365), where N = the number of days from the
day Holder submits a Notice of Conversion giving rise to a Conversion Default
(the "CONVERSION DEFAULT DATE") to the date (the "AUTHORIZATION DATE") that the
Borrower authorizes a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock to effect
conversion of the Notes. "CONVERSION DEFAULT AMOUNT" means the then outstanding
Principal Amount of all Notes held by Holder plus the aggregate accrued interest
thereon as of the first day of the Conversion Default. The Borrower shall send
notice to Holder of the authorization of additional shares of Common Stock, the
Authorization Date and the amount of Holder's accrued Conversion Default
Payments. The accrued Conversion Default Payment for each calendar month shall
be paid in cash or shall be convertible into Common Stock at the applicable
Conversion Price, at the Borrower's option, as follows:

                1.      In the event Holder elects to take such payment in cash,
cash payment shall be made to Holder by the fifth (5th) day of the month
following the month in which it has accrued.

                2.      In the event the Holder elects to take such payment in
Common Stock, Holder may convert such payment amount into Common Stock at the
Conversion Price (as in effect at the time of Conversion) at any time after the
fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued in accordance
with the terms of this Article II (so long as there is then a sufficient number
of authorized shares of Common Stock).

                Holder's election shall be made in writing to the Borrower at
any time prior to 5:00 p.m, New York City time, on the third (3rd) day of the
month following the month in which Conversion Default payments have accrued. If
no election is made, Holder shall be deemed to have elected to receive cash.
Nothing herein shall limit Holder's right to pursue actual damages (to the
extent in excess of the Conversion Default Payments) for the Borrower's failure
to maintain a sufficient number of authorized shares of Common Stock, and Holder
shall have the right to pursue all remedies available at law or in equity
(including a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief).


                                       12
<PAGE>

        F.      NOTICE OF CONVERSION PRICE ADJUSTMENTS. Upon the occurrence of
each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Article
II, the Borrower, at its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or
readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and prepare and furnish to
Holder a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing
in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The
Borrower shall, upon the written request at any time of Holder, furnish or cause
to be furnished to Holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustment
or readjustment, (ii) the Conversion Price at the time in effect and (iii) the
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or
property which at the time would be received upon conversion of this Note.

                             III. CERTAIN COVENANTS

        A.      DISTRIBUTIONS ON CAPITAL STOCK. So long as the Borrower shall
have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the
Holder's written consent, (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any
dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, property or other securities)
on shares of capital stock or (b) directly or indirectly through any subsidiary
make any other payment or distribution in respect of its capital stock.

        B.      RESTRICTION ON STOCK REPURCHASES. So long as the Borrower shall
have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the
Holder's written consent, redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for
cash or in exchange for property or other securities or otherwise) in any one
transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the
Borrower or any warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire any such
shares.

        C.      BORROWINGS. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation
under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the written consent of the
holders of a majority of the then outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes,
create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any liability for borrowed money senior
or PARI PASSU in rank to the Notes, except (a) borrowings in existence or
committed on the date hereof and of which the Borrower has informed Holder in
writing prior to the date hereof or (b) indebtedness to trade creditors incurred
in the ordinary course of business.

        D.      SALE OF ASSETS. So long as the Borrower shall have any
obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the written consent
of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Principal Amount of the
Notes, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any of its assets outside the
ordinary course of business. Any consent to the disposition of any assets may be
conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition.

        E.      ADVANCES AND LOANS. So long as the Borrower shall have any
obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the written consent
of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Principal Amount of the
Notes, lend money, give credit or make advances to any person, firm, joint
venture or corporation, including, without limitation, officers, directors,
employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Borrower, except loans, credits or
advances (a) in existence or committed on the date hereof and which the Borrower
has informed Holder in writing prior to the date hereof, and (b) made in the
ordinary course of business.


                                       13
<PAGE>

        F.      CONTINGENT LIABILITIES. So long as the Borrower shall have any
obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the written consent
of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Principal Amount of the
Notes, assume, guarantee, endorse, contingently agree to purchase or otherwise
become liable upon the obligation of any person, firm, partnership, joint
venture or corporation, except by the endorsement of negotiable instruments for
deposit or collection and except assumptions, guarantees, endorsements and
contingencies (a) in existence or committed on the date hereof and which the
Borrower has informed Holder in writing prior to the date here of, and (b)
similar transactions in the ordinary course of business.

                                  IV. MATURITY

        A.      PAYMENT AT MATURITY. The entire Principal Amount of the Notes
then outstanding (together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, Default
Interest, Conversion Default Payments, Delivery Default Payments and all other
amounts due and payable by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2(c) of the
Registration Rights Agreement) on the Maturity Date, shall be paid by the
Borrower to the Holder in cash.

        B.      FAILURE TO PAY. In the event that all amounts due and payable by
Borrower are not paid by the Borrower on the Maturity Date, the Holder may at
any time after the Maturity Date (i) exercise its rights pursuant to Article I
(to the extent it may exercise such rights in accordance with Article I), (ii)
exercise its conversion rights pursuant to Article II, or (iii) make a demand
for such payment by sending a notice (the "DEMAND NOTICE") that such amounts are
immediately due and payable, in which event the Borrower shall have five (5)
days to make such payment. Any of the foregoing options may be exercised by the
Holder in whole or in part, alone or in combination and without affecting any
rights or remedies otherwise available to the Holder. If the Holder elects to
exercise its rights pursuant to clause (i) or (iii) above, until the amounts due
are actually paid by the Borrower, nothing herein shall affect the Holder's
ability to convert all or any portion of this Note into shares of the Borrower's
Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof, including any portion for
which payment is due pursuant to clause (i) or (iii). After the Maturity Date,
the Borrower may at any time, other than after receipt of a Default Notice,
provide to the Holder written notice of its intention to pay all amounts that
are due and payable hereunder (the "BORROWER PAYMENT NOTICE"), which Borrower
Payment Notice shall set forth the date of payment (which shall be at least ten
(10) Trading Days but not more than fifteen (15) Trading Days following the
receipt of the Borrower Payment Notice by the Holder), and shall be accompanied
by evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Holder of the Borrower's ability to
pay all amounts due and payable hereunder. Prior to the date of payment, the
Holder will have the right to convert all or any portion of this Note into
shares of the Borrower's Common Stock in accordance with Article II.

                                V. MISCELLANEOUS

        A.      FAILURE OF INDULGENCE NOT WAIVER. No failure or delay on the
part of Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any
such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of
any other right, power or privilege.

                                       14
<PAGE>


        B.      NOTICES. Any notices required or permitted to be given under the
terms of this Note shall be sent by certified or registered mail (return receipt
requested) or delivered personally or by courier (including a recognized
overnight delivery service) or by facsimile, and shall be effective five days
after being placed in the mail, if mailed, or upon receipt or refusal of
receipt, if delivered personally or by courier or by facsimile, in each case
addressed to a party. The addresses for such communications shall be:

                     If to the Company:

                              Summus, Inc. (USA)
                              434 Fayetteville Street, Suite 600
                              Raleigh, North Carolina  27601
                              Attention:  Gary E. Ban, Chief Executive Officer
                              Telephone:  919-807-5611
                              Facsimile:  919-807-5601

                     With copy to:

                            Summus, Inc. (USA)
                            434 Fayetteville Street, Suite 600
                            Raleigh, North Carolina  27601

                            Attention:  Donald T. Locke, CFO and General Counsel
                            Telephone:  919-807-5623
                            Facsimile:  919-807-5601

        If to Holder, to the address set forth immediately below Holder's name
on Exhibit A to the Purchase Agreement or such other address as is communicated
to the Borrower by notice by Holder in accordance with the terms hereof, with a
copy to counsel for such Holder listed on Exhibit A to the Purchase Agreement.

        C.      AMENDMENT PROVISION. The Notes may be amended only by an
instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the holders of a majority of
the then outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes.

        D.      ASSIGNABILITY. This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and
its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Holder and its
successors and assigns. In the event Holder shall sell or otherwise transfer any
portion of this Note, each transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of
such transferor's Maximum Share Amount and Reserved Amount. Any portion of the
Maximum Share Amount or Reserved Amount which remains allocated to any person or
entity which does not hold any Notes shall be allocated to the remaining holders
of Notes, pro rata based on the total Principal Amount of Notes then held by
such holders.

        E.      COST OF COLLECTION. If default is made in the payment of this
Note, the Borrower shall pay Holder costs of collection, including reasonable
attorneys' fees.


                                       15
<PAGE>

        F.      GOVERNING LAW. This Note shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made
and to be performed in the State of Delaware (without regard to principles of
conflict of laws). The Borrower and Holder irrevocably consent to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the United States federal courts and state courts located in
Delaware in any suit or proceeding based on or arising under this Note, the
agreements entered into in connection herewith or the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby and irrevocably agree that all claims in respect of such suit
or proceeding may be determined in such courts. The Borrower and Holder
irrevocably waive the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of
such suit or proceeding. The Borrower and Holder further agree that service of
process upon a party mailed by first class mail shall be deemed in every respect
effective service of process upon the party in any such suit or proceeding.
Nothing herein shall affect Holder's right to serve process in any other manner
permitted by law. The Borrower and Holder agree that a final non-appealable
judgment in any such suit or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced
in other jurisdictions by suit on such judgment or in any other lawful manner.

        G.      DENOMINATIONS. At the request of Holder, upon surrender of this
Note, the Borrower shall promptly issue new Notes in the aggregate outstanding
Principal Amount hereof, in the form hereof, in such denominations of at least
$25,000 as Holder shall request.

        H.      PAYMENT OF CASH; DEFAULTS. Whenever the Borrower is required to
make any cash payment to Holder under this Note (as a Conversion Default Payment
or otherwise but not including payments of principal and interest hereunder),
such cash payment shall be made to Holder within five Trading Days after
delivery by Holder of a notice specifying that Holder elects to receive such
payment in cash and the method (e.g., by check, wire transfer) in which such
payment should be made and appropriate delivery instructions, including any
necessary wire transfer instructions. If such payment is not delivered within
such five-Trading Day period, Holder shall thereafter be entitled to interest on
the unpaid amount at a per annum rate equal to the lower of 24% and the highest
interest rate permitted by applicable law until such amount is paid in full to
Holder.

        I.      PRO RATA ALLOCATIONS. The Reserved Amount (including any
increases thereto) shall be allocated by the Borrower pro rata among the holders
of the Notes based on the total Principal Amount of Notes originally issued to
each holder of the Notes. Each increase to the Reserved Amount shall be
allocated pro rata among the holders of the Notes based on the total Principal
Amount of Notes held by each holder at the time of the increase in the Reserved
Amount. In the event a holder shall sell or otherwise transfer any of such
holder's shares of the Notes, each transferee shall be allocated a pro rata
portion of such transferor's Reserved Amount. Any portion of the Reserved Amount
which remains allocated to any person or entity which does not hold any the
Notes shall be allocated to the remaining holders of shares of the Notes, pro
rata based on the total Principal Amount of Notes held by such holders.


                                       16
<PAGE>


        J.      STATUS AS NOTEHOLDER. Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion
by Holder, the Principal Amount of this Note and the interest thereon covered
thereby (other than any portion of this Note, if any, which cannot be converted
because the conversion thereof would exceed such holder's allocated portion of
the Maximum Share Amount or Reserved Amount) shall be deemed converted into
shares of Common Stock as of the Conversion Date and Holder's rights as a holder
of this Note shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive
certificates for such shares of Common Stock and to any remedies provided herein
or otherwise available at law or in equity to such holder because of a failure
by the Corporation to comply with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if Holder has not received certificates for all shares of Common
Stock prior to the tenth business day after the expiration of the Delivery
Period with respect to a conversion for any reason, then (unless Holder
otherwise elects to retain its status as a holder of Common Stock by so
notifying the Corporation) the portion of the Principal Amount and interest
thereon subject to such conversion shall be deemed outstanding under this Note
and the Corporation shall, as soon as practicable, return this Note to Holder.

        In all cases, Holder shall retain all of its rights and remedies
(including, without limitation, (i) the right to receive Conversion Default
Payments pursuant to Article II.F to the extent required thereby for such
Conversion Default and any subsequent Conversion Default and (ii) the right to
have the Conversion Price with respect to subsequent conversions determined in
accordance with Article II.F) for the Corporation's failure to convert this
Note.

        K.      REMEDIES CUMULATIVE. The remedies provided in this Note shall be
cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Note, at
law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other
injunctive relief), no remedy contained herein shall be deemed a waiver of
compliance giving rise to such remedy and nothing herein shall limit Holder's
right to pursue actual damages for any failure by the Borrower to comply with
the terms of this Note. The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its
obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to Holder and that the remedy
at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Borrower therefore agrees, in
the event of any such breach or threatened breach, Holder shall be entitled, in
addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any
breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or
other security being required.


<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its
name by its duly authorized officer as of the 20th day of December, 2004.

                                            SUMMUS, INC. (USA)

                                            By:
                                               ---------------------------------
                                                Gary E. Ban
                                                Chief Executive Officer




                                       17
<PAGE>


                                                                       EXHIBIT A

                              NOTICE OF CONVERSION

                    (To be Executed by the Registered Holder
                         in order to Convert the Notes)

                  The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to convert
$________Principal Amount of the Note (defined below) into shares of common
stock, par value $.001 per share ("COMMON STOCK"), of Summus, Inc. (USA), a
Delaware corporation (the "BORROWER") according to the conditions of the
convertible notes of the Borrower dated as of December 20, 2004 (the "NOTES"),
as of the date written below. If securities are to be issued in the name of a
person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes
payable with respect thereto and is delivering herewith such certificates. No
fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for transfer taxes,
if any.

                  The undersigned also irrevocably elects to convert $________
of Conversion Default Payments, $________ of Delivery Default Payments and/or
$_______ of payments pursuant to Section 2(c) of the Registration Rights
Agreement at the Applicable Conversion Price set forth below.

                  The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock
issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned
or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system
("DWAC TRANSFER").

       Name of DTC Prime Broker:
                                 ---------------------------------------------
       Account Number:
                      --------------------------------------------------------

[ ]      In lieu of receiving shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this
         Notice of Conversion by way of a DWAC Transfer, the undersigned hereby
         requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the
         number of shares of Common Stock set forth below (which numbers are
         based on the Holder's calculation attached hereto) in the name(s)
         specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary, on an
         attachment hereto:

         Name:
              ------------------------------------------------------------------
         Address:
                 ---------------------------------------------------------------

                  The undersigned represents and warrants that all offers and
sales by the undersigned of the securities issuable to the undersigned upon
conversion of the Notes shall be made pursuant to registration of the securities
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "ACT"), or pursuant to an
exemption from registration under the Act.

                     Date of Conversion:___________________________
                     Market Price Days:____________________________
                     Applicable Conversion Price:____________________
                     Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Issued
                     Pursuant to:  (i) Conversion of the Notes:____________; or
                     (ii) Conversion of Conversion Default Payments,


                                       18
<PAGE>

                      Delivery Default Payments and/or payments pursuant to
                      Section 3(c) of the Registration Rights Agreement:

                      Signature:_________________________________
                      Name:______________________________________
                      Address:___________________________________
                              ___________________________________

