
<PAGE>
Exhibit 4.3


         THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
         UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "ACT"). THE
         SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF
         AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER SAID ACT,
         OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN FORM, SUBSTANCE AND SCOPE CUSTOMARY FOR
         OPINIONS OF COUNSEL IN COMPARABLE TRANSACTIONS THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT
         REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID
         ACT.

                                                                 Right to
                                                                 Purchase

                                                                 -------
                                                                 Shares of
                                                                 Common Stock,
                                                                 par value $.001
                                                                 per share


                             STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

        THIS CERTIFIES THAT, for value received, ________________ (the "Holder")
or its registered assigns, is entitled to purchase from Summus, Inc. (USA), a
Florida corporation (the "Company"), at any time or from time to time during the
period specified in Section 2 hereof, ___________________________ (______) fully
paid and nonassessable shares of the Company's common stock, par value $.001 per
share (the "Common Stock"), at an exercise price per share equal to the lower of
$.56 and 110% of the average of the Closing Prices (as defined below) of the
Common Stock over the five (5) Trading Days ending on the Maturity Date (as
defined in the 12% Senior Secured Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement (as defined below)), provided that in no event shall the Exercise
Price be less than $.38 (the "Floor Price"), other than as a result of an
adjustment in the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 4 hereof (the "Exercise
Price"). If, prior to the one year anniversary of the Issue Date, the Company
effects a reverse stock split or


<PAGE>

combination of its Common Stock, then the Floor Price (as adjusted for such
reverse split or combination) shall be reduced by the Split Percentage. The
"Split Percentage" shall equal 2% multiplied by the Split Factor, where the
"Split Factor" is the number of shares that a Common Stock holder will have to
exchange to receive one share of Common Stock. (For example if the Company
effects a one-for-five reverse stock split, the Split Factor would be 5, the
Split Percentage would equal 10% and the Floor Price would be reduced by 10% to
$1.71 on a post-split basis). In the event the Company effects such reverse
split or combination after the Maturity Date but prior to the one year
anniversary of the Issue Date and the Exercise Price equals the Floor Price, the
Exercise Price will be reduced in the same manner as the Floor Price for such
events. The term "Warrant Shares," as used herein, refers to the shares of
Common Stock purchasable hereunder. The Warrant Shares and the Exercise Price
are subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4 hereof. The term "Warrants"
means this Warrant and the other warrants issued to the Holder and its
affiliates pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated
December 20, 2004, by and among the Company and the Buyers listed on the
execution page thereof (the "Purchase Agreement"). "Closing Price," as of any
date, means the closing bid price of the Common Stock on the Over-the-Counter
Bulletin Board (the "OTCBB") as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets or an
equivalent reliable reporting service mutually acceptable to and hereafter
designated by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Warrants and the
Borrower ("Bloomberg") or, if the OTCBB is not the principal trading market for
such security, the closing bid price of such security on the principal
securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded as
reported by Bloomberg, or, if no closing bid price of such security is available
in any of the foregoing manners, the average of the bid prices of any market
makers for such security that are listed in the "pink sheets" by the National
Quotation Bureau, Inc. If the Closing Price cannot be calculated for such
security on such date in the manner provided above, the Closing Price shall be
the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the holders of a
majority of the outstanding Warrants for which the calculation of the Closing
Price is required. "Trading Day" shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is
traded for any period on the OTCBB, or on the principal securities exchange or
other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded.

         This Warrant is subject to the following terms, provisions, and
conditions:

        1.      MANNER OF EXERCISE; ISSUANCE OF CERTIFICATES; PAYMENT FOR
                SHARES.

                (a) Subject to the provisions hereof, this Warrant may be
exercised by the Holder, in whole or in part, by the surrender of this Warrant,
together with a completed exercise agreement in the form attached hereto (the
"Exercise Agreement"), to the Company during normal business hours on any
business day at the Company's principal executive offices (or such other office
or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice to the Holder), and upon
(i) payment to the Company in cash, by certified or official bank check or by
wire transfer for the account of the Company of the Exercise Price for the
Warrant Shares specified in the Exercise Agreement or (ii) on or after the one
(1) year anniversary of the date of issuance of this Warrant (the "Issue Date"),
if the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder is not then registered
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, delivery to the Company of a written notice of an election to
effect a "Cashless Exercise" (as defined in Section 10(c) below) for the Warrant
Shares specified in the Exercise Agreement. The Warrant Shares so purchased
shall be deemed to be issued to the Holder or such holder's designee, as the
record owner of such shares, as of the close of business on the date on which
this Warrant shall have been surrendered, the completed Exercise Agreement shall
have been delivered, and payment shall have been made for such shares (or an
election to effect a Cashless Exercise has been made) as set forth above. In the
event of any exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant in accordance
with and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, either (i) certificates for
the Warrant Shares shall be dated the date of such exercise and delivered to the
Holder hereof within a reasonable time, not exceeding two (2) trading days after
such



                                       2
<PAGE>

exercise or, (ii) if the Company's transfer agent is a participant in the
Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission ("DWAC") system, the Warrant Shares shall be
issued and delivered to the Depository Trust Company account on the Holder's
behalf via the DWAC system within a reasonable time, not exceeding two (2)
trading days after such exercise, and the Holder hereof shall be deemed for all
purposes to be the holder of the Warrant Shares so purchased as of the date of
such exercise. The certificates so delivered shall be in such denominations as
may be requested by the Holder and shall be registered in the name of the
Holder. In the event that this Warrant shall have been exercised only in part,
then, unless this Warrant has expired, the Company shall, at its expense, at the
time of delivery of such certificates, deliver to the holder a new Warrant
representing the number of shares with respect to which this Warrant shall not
then have been exercised.

                (b) In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates
representing the Warrant Shares pursuant to an exercise by the Warrant Share
Delivery Date, and if after such day the Holder is required by its broker to
purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to
deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the
Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a "Buy-In"), then the Company
shall (1) pay in cash to the Holder the amount by which (x) the Holder's total
purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of
Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (A) the
number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder
in connection with the exercise at issue times (B) the price at which the sell
order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (2) at the
option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent
number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored or deliver to
the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had
the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations
hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total
purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted
exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to
such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (1) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The
Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In, together with applicable confirmations
and other evidence reasonably requested by the Company. Nothing herein shall
limit a Holder's right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder,
at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company's failure to
timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock upon exercise of
the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. In addition to all other
available remedies at law or in equity, if the Company fails to deliver
certificates for the Warrant Shares within three (3) business days after this
Warrant is exercised, then the Company shall pay to the holder in cash a penalty
(the "Delivery Payment") equal to 2% of the number of Warrant Shares that the
holder is entitled to multiplied by the Market Price (as hereinafter defined)
for each day that the Company fails to deliver certificates for the Warrant
Shares. For example, if the holder is entitled to 100,000 Warrant Shares and the
Market Price is $2.00, then the Company shall pay to the holder $4,000 for each
day that the Company fails to deliver certificates for the Warrant Shares. The
Delivery Payment shall be paid to the holder by the fifth day of the month
following the month in which it has accrued.


                                       3
<PAGE>

                (c) Notwithstanding anything in this Warrant to the contrary, in
no event shall the Holder of this Warrant be entitled to exercise a number of
Warrants (or portions thereof) in excess of the number of Warrants (or portions
thereof) upon exercise of which the sum of (i) the number of shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of
Common Stock which, but for this proviso, may be deemed beneficially owned
through the ownership of the unexercised Warrants and the unexercised or
unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a
limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained
herein) and (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
the Warrants (or portions thereof) with respect to which the determination
described herein is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the
Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.9% of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock. For purposes of the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership
shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise
provided in clause (i) hereof. Notwithstanding anything in this Warrant to the
contrary, the restrictions on exercise of this Warrant set forth in this section
shall not be amended without (i) the written consent of the Holder and the
Company and (ii) the approval of the holders of a majority of the Common Stock
present, or represented by proxy, and voting at any meeting called to vote on
the amendment of such restriction.

        2. PERIOD OF EXERCISE. This Warrant is exercisable at any time or from
time to time on or after the Issue Date and before 5:00 p.m., New York City
time, on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Issue Date; provided that such
period shall be extended in the event that the Holder is not permitted to sell
the Warrant Shares pursuant to the registration statement to be filed pursuant
to the Registration Right Agreement (as defined in Section 7(a) below) or
otherwise without restriction as to the number of Warrant Shares acquired as of
a particular date that can be sold, in which case the exercise period will be
extended until the Holder is able to sell the Warrant Shares either pursuant to
the registration statement or otherwise as specified above, plus an additional
period of ten (10) Trading Days (the "Exercise Period").

        3. CERTAIN AGREEMENTS OF THE COMPANY. The Company hereby covenants and
agrees as follows:

                (a) SHARES TO BE FULLY PAID. All Warrant Shares will, upon
issuance in accordance with the terms of this Warrant, be validly issued, fully
paid, and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens, and charges with respect
to the issue thereof.

                (b) RESERVATION OF SHARES. During the Exercise Period, the
Company shall at all times have authorized, and reserved for the purpose of
issuance upon exercise of this Warrant, a sufficient number of shares of Common
Stock to provide for the exercise of this Warrant, in accordance with Section
4.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

                (c) LISTING. The Company shall promptly secure the listing of
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant upon each
national securities exchange or automated quotation system, if any, upon which
shares of Common Stock are then listed (subject to official notice of issuance
upon exercise of this Warrant) and shall maintain, so long as any other shares
of Common Stock shall be so listed, such listing of all shares of



                                       4
<PAGE>

Common Stock from time to time issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant; and
the Company shall so list on each national securities exchange or automated
quotation system, as the case may be, and shall maintain such listing of, any
other shares of capital stock of the Company issuable upon the exercise of this
Warrant if and so long as any shares of the same class shall be listed on such
national securities exchange or automated quotation system.

                (d) CERTAIN ACTIONS PROHIBITED. The Company will not, by
amendment of its charter or through any reorganization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other
voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of
the terms to be observed or performed by it hereunder, but will at all times in
good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Warrant and
in the taking of all such action as may reasonably be requested by the holder of
this Warrant in order to protect the exercise privilege of the holder of this
Warrant against dilution or other impairment, consistent with the tenor and
purpose of this Warrant. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company (i) will not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock
receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in
effect, and (ii) will take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant.

                (e) SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Warrant will be binding upon
any entity succeeding to the Company by merger, consolidation, or acquisition of
all or substantially all the Company's assets.

        4. ANTIDILUTION PROVISIONS. During the Exercise Period, the Exercise
Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be subject to adjustment from time
to time as provided in this Section 4. In the event that any adjustment of the
Exercise Price as required herein results in a fraction of a cent, such Exercise
Price shall be rounded up to the nearest cent.

                (a) SUBDIVISION OR COMBINATION OF COMMON STOCK. If the Company
at any time subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization,
reorganization, reclassification or otherwise) the shares of Common Stock
acquirable hereunder into a greater number of shares, then, after the date of
record for effecting such subdivision, the Exercise Price in effect immediately
prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced. If the Company at any
time combines (by reverse stock split, recapitalization, reorganization,
reclassification or otherwise) the shares of Common Stock acquirable hereunder
into a smaller number of shares, then, after the date of record for effecting
such combination, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such
combination will be proportionately increased.

                (b) ADJUSTMENT IN NUMBER OF SHARES. Upon each adjustment of the
Exercise Price pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4, the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be adjusted
by multiplying a number equal to the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such adjustment by the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and dividing the
product so obtained by the adjusted Exercise Price.

                                       5
<PAGE>

                (c) CONSOLIDATION, MERGER OR SALE. If, at any time when this
Warrant is outstanding, there shall be any merger (other than a merger solely
for the purpose of reincorporating in another jurisdiction), consolidation,
exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as
a result of which shares of Common Stock of the Company shall be changed into
the same or a different number of shares of another class or classes of stock or
securities of the Company or another entity, or in case of any sale or
conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company other than
in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Company (each, a
"Change of Control Transaction"), then Holder shall thereafter have the right to
receive upon exercise of this Warrant upon the basis and upon the terms and
conditions specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock
immediately theretofore issuable upon such exercise such stock, securities or
assets which Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had
this Warrant been exercised in full immediately prior to such transaction
(without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein), including any
rights (including election rights) that Holder would have had if Holder were a
stockholder at any time prior to the consummation of the Change of Control
Transaction, and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with
respect to the rights and interests of Holder to the end that the provisions
hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustment of the Exercise
Price and of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
this Warrant) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be practicable in
relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion
of this Warrant. The Company shall not effect any transaction described in this
subparagraph (e) unless (i) it first gives, to the extent practical, thirty (30)
days' prior written notice (but in any event at least fifteen (15) business days
prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of stockholders
to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such Change
of Control Transaction (during which time Holder shall be entitled to Exercise
this Warrant), which notice shall be given concurrently with the first public
announcement of such transaction, and (ii) the resulting successor or acquiring
entity (if not the Company) and, if an entity different from the successor or
acquiring entity, the entity whose capital stock or assets the holders of the
Common Stock are entitled to receive as a result of such Change of Control
Transaction, assumes by written instrument the obligations of the Borrower under
this Warrant (including under this subparagraph (c)). The above provisions shall
similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share
exchanges.

                (d) DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS. In case the Company shall declare or
make any distribution of its assets (including cash) to holders of Common Stock
as a partial liquidating dividend, by way of return of capital or otherwise,
then, after the date of record for determining stockholders entitled to such
distribution, but prior to the date of distribution, the holder of this Warrant
shall be entitled upon exercise of this Warrant for the purchase of any or all
of the shares of Common Stock subject hereto, to receive the amount of such
assets which would have been payable to the holder had such holder been the
holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination
of stockholders entitled to such distribution.

                (e) NOTICE OF ADJUSTMENT. Upon the occurrence of any event which
requires any adjustment of the Exercise Price, then, and in each such case, the
Company shall give notice thereof to the holder of this Warrant, which notice
shall state the Exercise Price resulting from such adjustment and the increase
or decrease in the number of Warrant Shares



                                       6
<PAGE>

purchasable at such price upon exercise, setting forth in reasonable detail the
method of calculation and the facts upon which such calculation is based. Such
calculation shall be certified by the chief financial officer of the Company.

                (f) MINIMUM ADJUSTMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE. No adjustment of the
Exercise Price shall be made in an amount of less than 1% of the Exercise Price
in effect at the time such adjustment is otherwise required to be made, but any
such lesser adjustment shall be carried forward and shall be made at the time
and together with the next subsequent adjustment which, together with any
adjustments so carried forward, shall amount to not less than 1% of such
Exercise Price.

                (g) NO FRACTIONAL SHARES. No fractional shares of Common Stock
are to be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. If the exercise of this
Warrant would result in a fractional share of Common Stock, such fractional
share shall be disregarded and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of the Warrant shall be the next higher number of shares.

                (h) OTHER NOTICES. In case at any time:

                        (i) the Company shall declare any dividend upon the
                Common Stock payable in shares of stock of any class or make any
                other distribution (including dividends or distributions payable
                in cash out of retained earnings) to the holders of the Common
                Stock;

                        (ii) the Company shall offer for subscription pro rata
                to the holders of the Common Stock any additional shares of
                stock of any class or other rights;

                        (iii) there shall be any capital reorganization of the
                Company, or reclassification of the Common Stock, or
                consolidation or merger of the Company with or into, or sale of
                all or substantially all its assets to, another corporation or
                entity; or

                        (iv) there shall be a voluntary or involuntary
                dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Company;

then, in each such case, the Company shall give to the holder of this Warrant
(a) notice of the date on which the books of the Company shall close or a record
shall be taken for determining the holders of Common Stock entitled to receive
any such dividend, distribution, or subscription rights or for determining the
holders of Common Stock entitled to vote in respect of any such reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation or
winding-up and (b) in the case of any such reorganization, reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, notice of
the date (or, if not then known, a reasonable approximation thereof by the
Company) when the same shall take place. Such



                                       7
<PAGE>

notice shall also specify the date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be
entitled to receive such dividend, distribution, or subscription rights or to
exchange their Common Stock for stock or other securities or property
deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger,
sale, dissolution, liquidation, or winding-up, as the case may be. Such notice
shall be given at least 30 days prior to the record date or the date on which
the Company's books are closed in respect thereto. Failure to give any such
notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of the proceedings
referred to in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above.

                (i) CERTAIN EVENTS. If any event occurs of the type contemplated
by the adjustment provisions of this Section 4 but not expressly provided for by
such provisions, the Company will give notice of such event as provided in
Section 4(e) hereof, and the Company's Board of Directors will make an
appropriate adjustment in the Exercise Price and the number of shares of Common
Stock acquirable upon exercise of this Warrant so that the rights of the Holder
shall be neither enhanced nor diminished by such event.

                (j) CERTAIN DEFINITIONS.

                        (i) "MARKET PRICE," as of any date, (i) means the
                average of the last reported sale prices for the shares of
                Common Stock on the OTCBB for the five (5) trading days
                immediately preceding such date as reported by Bloomberg
                Financial Markets or an equivalent reliable reporting service
                mutually acceptable to and hereafter designated by the holder of
                this Warrant and the Company ("Bloomberg"), or (ii) if the OTCBB
                is not the principal trading market for the shares of Common
                Stock, the average of the last reported sale prices on the
                principal trading market for the Common Stock during the same
                period as reported by Bloomberg, or (iii) if market value cannot
                be calculated as of such date on any of the foregoing bases, the
                Market Price shall be the fair market value as reasonably
                determined in good faith by (a) the Board of Directors of the
                Company or, at the option of a majority-in-interest of the
                holders of the outstanding Warrants by (b) an independent
                investment bank of nationally recognized standing in the
                valuation of businesses similar to the business of the Company.
                The manner of determining the Market Price of the Common Stock
                set forth in the foregoing definition shall apply with respect
                to any other security in respect of which a determination as to
                market value must be made hereunder.

                        (ii) "COMMON STOCK," for purposes of this Section 4,
                includes the Common Stock, par value $.001 per share, and any
                additional class of stock of the Company having no preference as
                to dividends or distributions on liquidation, provided that the
                shares purchasable pursuant to this Warrant shall include only
                shares of Common Stock, par value $.001 per share, in respect of
                which this Warrant is exercisable, or shares resulting from any
                subdivision or combination of such Common Stock, or in the case
                of any reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger,
                or sale of the character referred to in Section 4(e) hereof, the
                stock or other securities or property provided for in such
                section.

        5. ISSUE TAX. The issuance of certificates for Warrant Shares upon the
exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the holder of this
Warrant or such shares for any issuance tax or other costs in respect thereof,
provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be
payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any
certificate in a name other than the holder of this Warrant.

        6. NO RIGHTS OR LIABILITIES AS A SHAREHOLDER. This Warrant shall not
entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a shareholder of the
Company. No provision of



                                       8
<PAGE>

this Warrant, in the absence of affirmative action by the Holder to purchase
Warrant Shares, and no mere enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of
the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of such holder for the Exercise
Price or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by
the Company or by creditors of the Company.

        7. TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, AND REPLACEMENT OF WARRANT.

                (a) TRANSFER. This Warrant and the rights granted to the Holder
are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant, together
with a properly executed assignment in the form attached hereto, at the office
or agency of the Company referred to in Section 7(e) below. Until due
presentment for registration of transfer on the books of the Company, the
Company may treat the registered Holder as the owner and Holder for all
purposes, and the Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary.
The Warrant Shares are subject to registration rights in accordance with the
provisions of that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 20,
2004, by and among the Company and the other signatories thereto (the
"Registration Rights Agreement").

                (b) WARRANT EXCHANGEABLE FOR DIFFERENT DENOMINATIONS. This
Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the office
or agency of the Company referred to in Section 7(e) below, for new Warrants of
like tenor representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of
shares of Common Stock which may be purchased hereunder, each of such new
Warrants to represent the right to purchase such number of shares as shall be
designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender.

                (c) REPLACEMENT OF WARRANT. Upon receipt of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction, or mutilation of
this Warrant and, in the case of any such loss, theft, or destruction, upon
delivery of an indemnity agreement reasonably satisfactory in form and amount to
the Company, or, in the case of any such mutilation, upon surrender and
cancellation of this Warrant, the Company, at its expense, will execute and
deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Warrant of like tenor.

                (d) CANCELLATION; PAYMENT OF EXPENSES. Upon the surrender of
this Warrant in connection with any transfer, exchange, or replacement as
provided in this Section 7, this Warrant shall be promptly canceled by the
Company. The Company shall pay all taxes (other than securities transfer taxes)
and all other expenses (other than legal expenses, if any, incurred by the
Holder or transferees) and charges payable in connection with the preparation,
execution, and delivery of Warrants pursuant to this Section 7.

                (e) REGISTER. The Company shall maintain, at its principal
executive offices (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may
designate by notice to the Holder), a register for this Warrant, in which the
Company shall record the name and address of the person in whose name this
Warrant has been issued, as well as the name and address of each transferee and
each prior owner of this Warrant.

        8. NOTICES. All notices, requests, and other communications required or
permitted to be given or delivered hereunder to the holder of this Warrant shall
be in writing, and shall be personally delivered, or shall be sent by certified
or registered mail or by recognized



                                       9
<PAGE>

overnight mail courier, postage prepaid and addressed, to such holder at the
address shown for such holder on the books of the Company, or at such other
address as shall have been furnished to the Company by notice from such holder.
All notices, requests, and other communications required or permitted to be
given or delivered hereunder to the Company shall be in writing, and shall be
personally delivered, or shall be sent by certified or registered mail or by
recognized overnight mail courier, postage prepaid and addressed, to the office
of the Company at 434 Layetteville Street, Suite 600, Raleigh, North Carolina
27601, Attention: Chief Executive Officer, Facsimile: 919-807-5601, or at such
other address as shall have been furnished to the holder of this Warrant by
notice from the Company. Any such notice, request, or other communication may be
sent by facsimile, but shall in such case be subsequently confirmed by a writing
personally delivered or sent by certified or registered mail or by recognized
overnight mail courier as provided above. All notices, requests, and other
communications shall be deemed to have been given either at the time of the
receipt thereof by the person entitled to receive such notice at the address of
such person for purposes of this Section 9, or, if mailed by registered or
certified mail or with a recognized overnight mail courier upon deposit with the
United States Post Office or such overnight mail courier, if postage is prepaid
and the mailing is properly addressed, as the case may be.

        9. GOVERNING LAW. THIS WARRANT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE. APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE
AND TO BE PERFORMED IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE (WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF
CONFLICT OF LAWS). BOTH PARTIES IRREVOCABLY CONSENT TO THE EXCLUSIVE
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURTS AND THE STATE COURTS LOCATED IN
DELAWARE WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUIT OR PROCEEDING BASED ON OR ARISING UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT, THE AGREEMENTS ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY AND IRREVOCABLY AGREE THAT ALL
CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING MAY BE DETERMINED IN SUCH COURTS.
BOTH PARTIES IRREVOCABLY WAIVE THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE
MAINTENANCE OF SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING. BOTH PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT SERVICE
OF PROCESS UPON A PARTY MAILED BY FIRST CLASS MAIL SHALL BE DEEMED IN EVERY
RESPECT EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON THE PARTY IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR
PROCEEDING. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT EITHER PARTY'S RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN
ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. BOTH PARTIES AGREE THAT A FINAL
NON-APPEALABLE JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND
MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON SUCH JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER
LAWFUL MANNER.

        10. MISCELLANEOUS.

                (a) AMENDMENTS. This Warrant and any provision hereof may only
be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and the Holder.


                                       10
<PAGE>

                (b) DESCRIPTIVE HEADINGS. The descriptive headings of the
several sections of this Warrant are inserted for purposes of reference only,
and shall not affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions
hereof.

                (c) CASHLESS EXERCISE. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Warrant, on or after the one (1) year anniversary of the Issue
Date, if the resale of the Warrant Shares by the holder is not then registered
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, this Warrant may be exercised by presentation and surrender of
this Warrant to the Company at its principal executive offices with a written
notice of the holder's intention to effect a cashless exercise, including a
calculation of the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon such
exercise in accordance with the terms hereof (a "Cashless Exercise"). In the
event of a Cashless Exercise, the Holder shall be entitled to receive a
certificate for the number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by
dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

                (A) = the Closing Price on the Trading Day immediately preceding
                the date of such election;

                (B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted; and

                (X) = the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of
                this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant by
                means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

                (d) REMEDIES. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of
its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the holder of this
Warrant by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated
hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a
breach of its obligations under this Warrant will be inadequate and agrees, in
the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of
this Warrant, that the holder of this Warrant shall be entitled, in addition to
all other available remedies in law or in equity, to an injunction or
injunctions to prevent or cure any breaches of the provisions of this Agreement
and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Warrant, without
the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security
being required.

                [REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]


                                       11
<PAGE>



         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be signed by
its duly authorized officer.

                                        SUMMUS, INC. (USA)

                                        By:
                                            ------------------------------------
                                             Gary E. Ban
                                             Chief Executive Officer


                                        Dated as of December 20, 2004


                                       12
<PAGE>



                           FORM OF EXERCISE AGREEMENT

                                                        Dated: ________ __, 200_

To:  SUMMUS, INC. (USA)

         The undersigned, pursuant to the provisions set forth in the within
Warrant, hereby agrees to purchase ________ shares of Common Stock covered by
such Warrant, and makes payment herewith in full therefor at the price per share
provided by such Warrant in cash or by certified or official bank check in the
amount of, or, if the resale of such Common Stock by the undersigned is not
currently registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, by surrender of securities issued by the
Company (including a portion of the Warrant) having a market value (in the case
of a portion of this Warrant, determined in accordance with Section 10(c) of the
Warrant) equal to $_________. Please issue a certificate or certificates for
such shares of Common Stock in the name of and pay any cash for any fractional
share to:

                             Name:
                                   --------------------------------------------

                             Signature:
                                        ---------------------------------------

                             Address:
                                     ------------------------------------------



                             Note:    The above signature should correspond
                                      exactly with the name on the face of the
                                      within Warrant.

and, if said number of shares of Common Stock shall not be all the shares
purchasable under the within Warrant, a new Warrant is to be issued in the name
of said undersigned covering the balance of the shares purchasable thereunder
less any fraction of a share paid in cash.


<PAGE>



PHL_A #1947026 v6

                               FORM OF ASSIGNMENT

         FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and
transfers all the rights of the undersigned under the within Warrant, with
respect to the number of shares of Common Stock covered thereby set forth
hereinbelow, to:

NAME OF ASSIGNEE                    ADDRESS                        NO OF SHARES
- ----------------                    -------                        ------------

, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints ______________
________________________ as agent and attorney-in-fact to transfer said Warrant
on the books of the within-named corporation, with full power of substitution in
the premises.

Dated:  ________ __, 200_

In the presence of:

- -------------------------

                             Name:
                                  ---------------------------------------------
                             Signature:
                                       ----------------------------------------
                             Title of Signing Officer or Agent (if any):

                             Address:
                                     ------------------------------------------

                             Note:   The above signature should correspond
                                      exactly with the name on the face of the
                                      within Warrant.



