-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 MdLbAqCpjom0jJT/OniOcvrW2PWHB2VfontN/B6jUu5ZcE57meMmTvcqhiWo3STM
 8L37hYulGa8Bvr8y957L9Q==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001144204-04-022939.txt : 20041228
<SEC-HEADER>0001144204-04-022939.hdr.sgml : 20041228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041228151822
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-04-022939
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041216
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KNOBIAS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001161979
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		IRS NUMBER:				133968990
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-33315
		FILM NUMBER:		041228457

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		875 NORTHPARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 2, SUITE 500
		CITY:			RIDGELAND
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39157
		BUSINESS PHONE:		601-978-3399

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		875 NORTHPARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 2, SUITE 500
		CITY:			RIDGELAND
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39157

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CONSOLIDATED TRAVEL SYSTEMS INC      /DE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20011107
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>v010494_8k.txt
<TEXT>

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT
     PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

       DATE OF REPORT (DATE OF EARLIEST EVENT REPORTED): DECEMBER 16, 2004

                                  KNOBIAS, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


          Delaware                     000-33315               13-3968990
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(State or other jurisdiction     (Commission File Number)      (IRS Employer
     of incorporation)                                       Identification No.)

                               875 Northpark Drive
                              Building 2, Suite 500
                               Ridgeland, MS 39157
              (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)

        Registrant's telephone number, including area code (601) 978-3399

                                   Copies to:
                             Gregory Sichenzia, Esq.
                       Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP
                           1065 Avenue of the Americas
                            New York, New York 10018
                              Phone: (212) 930-9700
                               Fax: (212) 930-9725

Check  the  appropriate  box  below  if the  Form  8-K  filing  is  intended  to
simultaneously  satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

|_| Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR
230.425)
|_| Soliciting  material  pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12)
|_| Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
|_| Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
<PAGE>

ITEM 1.01 ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT.

      On December 16, 2004, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with
DCOFI Master Ltd. for the sale of $500,000 in Senior Subordinated Secured Notes.

      The investors are  obligated to purchase the Senior  Subordinated  Secured
Notes as follows:

      o     $275,000 was purchased on December 16, 2004; and

      o     $225,000 will be purchased  ninety (90) days from December 16, 2004,
            assuming  we are in  compliance  with the  terms  of the  Securities
            Purchase Agreement.

      The Senior  Subordinated  Secured  Notes bear  interest  at 12% per annum,
payable monthly,  and mature on June 15, 2005. In addition,  we agreed to pay to
the holders a fee of 4% per annum, payable monthly, on the balance due under the
Senior Subordinated  Secured Notes until the Senior  Subordinated  Secured Notes
are paid in full.

      We have the option to prepay the principal,  and all accrued interest,  at
any time prior to the date of  maturity.  In the event that we prepay the Senior
Subordinated  Secured  Notes on or prior to ninety days from  December 16, 2004,
the prepayment amount shall be 105% of the principal due, plus accrued interest;
after ninety days from December 16, 2004, the prepayment amount shall be 105% of
the principal due, plus accrued  interest.  In the event that we raise more than
$2,000,000  from the sale of  securities in one or more  transactions,  upon the
closing of such transaction,  we are obligated to repay the Senior  Subordinated
Secured Notes in full, plus accrued interest.  In the event that we do not repay
the Senior  Subordinated  Secured  Notes within two trading days of the maturity
date,  we are  obligated  to issue to the holders  100,000  shares of our common
stock.

      The full principal amount of the Senior Subordinated Secured Notes, plus a
default  interest  rate of 20%,  is due upon a  default  under  the terms of the
Senior  Subordinated  Secured  Notes.  In addition,  we granted the  investors a
second priority lien in substantially all of our assets, which security interest
is junior to that  granted to the  holders of our 8% Secured  Convertible  Notes
issued November 15, 2004.

ITEM 2.03 CREATION OF A DIRECT FINANCIAL OBLIGATION.

      See Item 1.01 above.

ITEM 3.02 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

      See Item 1.01 above.

ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.

      (A) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF BUSINESS ACQUIRED.

            Not applicable.

      (B) PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION.

            Not applicable.

      (C) EXHIBITS.

EXHIBIT
NUMBER                                  DESCRIPTION
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4.1       Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 16, 2004, by and between
          Knobias, Inc. and DCOFI Master LDC.

4.2       Senior Subordinated Secured Notes issued to DCOFI  Master  LDC,  dated
          December 16, 2004.

4.3       Security Agreement,  dated  December 16, 2004, by and between Knobias,
          Inc. and DCOFI Master LDC.
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

      Pursuant to the  requirements of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant  has duly  caused  this  report  to be  signed  on its  behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                           KNOBIAS, INC.


Date: December 28, 2004                    /s/ E. KEY RAMSEY
                                           -----------------------------------
                                           E. Key Ramsey
                                           President

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>v010494_ex4-1.txt
<TEXT>

EXHIBIT 4.1

                          SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

      This  Securities  Purchase  Agreement  (this  "Agreement")  is dated as of
December 15, 2004 among Knobias,  Inc., a Delaware  corporation (the "Company"),
and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its
successors and assigns, a "Purchaser" and collectively the "Purchasers").

      WHEREAS,  subject to the terms and  conditions set forth in this Agreement
and  pursuant to Section  4(2) of the  Securities  Act of 1933,  as amended (the
"Securities  Act") and Rule 506 promulgated  thereunder,  the Company desires to
issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly,
desires to purchase  from the Company,  securities  of the Company as more fully
described in this Agreement.

      NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this
Agreement,  and for  other  good and  valuable  consideration  the  receipt  and
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agrees
as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I.
                                   DEFINITIONS

      1.1  Definitions.  In  addition  to the terms  defined  elsewhere  in this
Agreement:  (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the
meanings  given to such  terms in the Notes  (as  defined  herein),  and (b) the
following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1.1:

            "Action"  shall have the  meaning  ascribed  to such term in Section
      3.1(j).

            "Affiliate"  means any Person that,  directly or indirectly  through
      one or more  intermediaries,  controls  or is  controlled  by or is  under
      common  control  with a Person,  as such  terms are used in and  construed
      under Rule 144 under the Securities Act. With respect to a Purchaser,  any
      investment  fund or managed  account  that is  managed on a  discretionary
      basis by the same  investment  manager as such Purchaser will be deemed to
      be an Affiliate of such Purchaser.

            "Closing"  means  the  closing  of  the  purchase  and  sale  of the
      Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

            "Closing  Date" means the  Trading  Day when all of the  Transaction
      Documents  have been  executed  and  delivered by the  applicable  parties
      thereto, and all conditions  precedent to (i) the Purchasers'  obligations
      to pay the  Subscription  Amount  and (ii) the  Company's  obligations  to
      deliver the Securities have been satisfied or waived.

            "Commission" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.
<PAGE>

            "Common Stock" means the common stock of the Company,  no par value,
      and any  securities  into which such common stock shall  hereinafter  have
      been reclassified into.

            "Common Stock  Equivalents"  means any  securities of the Company or
      the Subsidiaries  which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any
      time Common  Stock,  including  without  limitation,  any debt,  preferred
      stock, rights,  options,  warrants or other instrument that is at any time
      convertible  into or  exchangeable  for, or otherwise  entitles the holder
      thereof to receive, Common Stock.

            "Company Counsel" means Watkins & Eager PLLC.

            "Disclosure  Schedules" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term
      in Section 3.1 hereof.

            "Exchange  Act"  means  the  Securities  Exchange  Act of  1934,  as
      amended.

            "GAAP"  shall  have the  meaning  ascribed  to such term in  Section
      3.1(h) hereof.

            "KW" means  Keith  Wellner,  attorney  for DCOFI  Master  LDC,  with
      offices at 830 Third Avenue, New York, New York 10022.

            "Liens" means a lien, charge, security interest,  encumbrance, right
      of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

            "Material  Adverse  Effect" shall have the meaning  assigned to such
      term in Section 3.1(b) hereof.

            "Material  Permits" shall have the meaning  ascribed to such term in
      Section 3.1(m).

            "Notes"  means,  the 12%  Senior  Subordinated  Secured  Notes  due,
      subject to the terms therein,  June 15, 2005, issued by the Company to the
      Purchasers hereunder, in the form of Exhibit A.

            "Penalty Shares" means,  shares of registered  Common Stock issuable
      to the Purchasers in the event that the Notes are not repaid in accordance
      with their terms.

            "Person"  means an individual or  corporation,  partnership,  trust,
      incorporated  or  unincorporated   association,   joint  venture,  limited
      liability  company,  joint  stock  company,  government  (or an  agency or
      subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

            "Proceeding"  means  an  action,   claim,  suit,   investigation  or
      proceeding  (including,  without  limitation,  an investigation or partial
      proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.


                                       2
<PAGE>

            "Required Approvals" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
      Section 3.1(e).

            "Rule 144" means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission  pursuant to
      the Securities  Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any
      similar rule or  regulation  hereafter  adopted by the  Commission  having
      substantially the same effect as such Rule.

            "SEC  Reports"  shall  have the  meaning  ascribed  to such  term in
      Section 3.1(h) hereof.

            "Securities" means the Notes and the Penalty Shares.

            "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

            "Security  Agreement" means the Security  Agreement,  dated the date
      hereof,  among the  Company and the  Purchasers,  in the form of Exhibit B
      attached hereto.

            "Security  Documents"  means the  Security  Agreement  and any other
      documents and filing required  thereunder in order to grant the Purchasers
      a  perfected  security  interest  in  all of the  assets  of the  Company,
      including all UCC-1 filing receipts.

            "Subscription  Amount" means,  as to each  Purchaser,  the aggregate
      amount to be paid for Notes  purchased  hereunder as specified  below such
      Purchaser's  name on the signature  page of this Agreement and next to the
      heading "Subscription Amount", in United States Dollars and in immediately
      available funds.

            "Subsidiary"  means any  subsidiary  of the  Company as set forth on
      Schedule 3.1(a).

            "Trading  Day" means a day on which the Common  Stock is traded on a
      Trading Market.

            "Trading  Market" means the following  markets or exchanges on which
      the Common  Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question:
      the Nasdaq  SmallCap  Market,  the American Stock  Exchange,  the New York
      Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq National Market or the OTC Bulletin Board.

            "Transaction  Documents"  means  this  Agreement,   the  Notes,  the
      Security  Agreement  and any other  documents  or  agreements  executed in
      connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

                                  ARTICLE II.
                                PURCHASE AND SALE


                                       3
<PAGE>

      2.1  Closing.  On the  Closing  Date,  upon the terms and  subject  to the
conditions set forth herein,  concurrent with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the parties hereto,  the Company agrees to sell, and each Purchaser
agrees to purchase,  $275,000  principal  amount of the Notes. On the subsequent
closing  date  (the  "Subsequent  Closing  Date"),  if any,  upon the  terms and
conditions herein (including,  specifically  Section 2.4), the Company agrees to
sell and each Purchaser agrees to purchase $225,000  aggregate  principal amount
of the Notes (the  "Balance").  Each Purchaser  shall deliver to the Company via
wire transfer or a certified  check  immediately  available funds equal to their
Subscription  Amount  and the  Company  shall  deliver to each  Purchaser  their
respective Note as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a) and the other items set
forth  in  Section  2.2  issuable  at  the  Closing.  Upon  satisfaction  of the
conditions  set forth in Section 2.2, the Closing  shall occur at the offices of
the Company, or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree.

      2.2 Deliveries.

            a)    On the Closing Date,  the Company shall deliver to the counsel
                  for  such  Purchasers  with  respect  to  each  Purchaser  the
                  following:

                  (i)   this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

                  (ii)  a Note with a principal amount equal to such Purchaser's
                        Subscription  Amount,  registered  in the  name  of such
                        Purchaser;

                  (iii) the Security  Agreement,  duly  executed by the Company,
                        along with all the Security Documents; and

                  (iv)  a legal opinion of Company Counsel.

            b)    On the Closing Date,  each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to
                  be delivered to Company Counsel the following:

                  (i)   this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser;

                  (ii)  such Purchaser's Subscription Amount by wire transfer to
                        the account of the Company; and

                  (iii) the Security Agreement, duly executed by such Purchaser.

      2.3 Closing Conditions.

            a)    The  obligations of the Company  hereunder in connection  with
                  the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

                  (i)   the accuracy in all material  respects  when made and on
                        the Closing Date of the  representations  and warranties
                        of the Purchasers contained herein;

                  (ii)  all   obligations,   covenants  and  agreements  of  the
                        Purchasers  required to be  performed at or prior to the
                        Closing Date shall have been performed; and


                                       4
<PAGE>

                  (iii) the delivery by the Purchasers of the items set forth in
                        Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

            b)    The  respective  obligations  of the  Purchasers  hereunder in
                  connection  with the  Closing  are  subject  to the  following
                  conditions being met:

                  (i)   the  accuracy  in all  material  respects on the Closing
                        Date  of  the  representations  and  warranties  of  the
                        Company contained herein;

                  (ii)  all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company
                        required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date
                        shall have been performed;

                  (iii) the  delivery  by the  Company of the items set forth in
                        Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

                  (iv)  there  shall have been no Material  Adverse  Effect with
                        respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

                  (v)   from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the
                        Common  Stock  shall  not  have  been  suspended  by the
                        Commission  (except  for any  suspension  of  trading of
                        limited  duration  agreed  to  by  the  Company,   which
                        suspension  shall be  terminated  prior to the Closing),
                        and, at any time prior to the Closing  Date,  trading in
                        securities  generally as reported by Bloomberg Financial
                        Markets  shall not have been  suspended  or limited,  or
                        minimum  prices  shall  not  have  been  established  on
                        securities whose trades are reported by such service, or
                        on any Trading  Market,  nor shall a banking  moratorium
                        have been  declared  either by the United  States or New
                        York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any
                        material  outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other
                        national or international  calamity of such magnitude in
                        its effect on, or any  material  adverse  change in, any
                        financial  market which, in each case, in the reasonable
                        judgment of each Purchaser,  makes it  impracticable  or
                        inadvisable to purchase the Notes at the Closing.

      2.4 Conditions for Delivering the Balance.

            c)    The  obligations  of the  Purchasers to deliver the Balance to
                  the Company are subject to the following conditions being met:

                  (i)   the continuing  accuracy in all material respects of the
                        representations  and warranties of the Company contained
                        herein;

                  (ii)  the continuing performance of all obligations, covenants
                        and  agreements of the Company  required to be performed
                        pursuant to the Transaction Documents;


                                       5
<PAGE>

                  (iii) the  delivery  by the Company of a Note with a principal
                        amount  equal to the Balance  registered  in the name of
                        such Purchaser;

                  (iv)  certification  from the  President  of the Company  that
                        representations  and  warranties of the Company are true
                        and correct as of such date;

                  (v)   ninety  (90) days shall have  elapsed  since the Closing
                        Date; and

                  (vi)  the Company's  operations and financial  condition shall
                        be   acceptable   to  the   Purchasers   in  their  sole
                        discretion.

                                  ARTICLE III.
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

      3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company.  Except as set forth in
the  Company's  Form 8-K filed with the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission on
November  19, 2004 and  delivered  to the  Purchasers  concurrently  herewith as
Schedule 3.1 (the  "Disclosure  Schedule")  which  Disclosure  Schedule shall be
deemed a part hereof, on the date hereof and on the Subsequent Closing Date, the
Company hereby makes the  representations and warranties set forth below to each
Purchaser.

            (a) Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the
      Company are set forth in Item 2.01 of the Disclosure Schedule. The Company
      owns,  directly or  indirectly,  all of the capital  stock or other equity
      interests  of each  Subsidiary  free and clear of any  Liens,  and all the
      issued and  outstanding  shares of capital  stock of each  Subsidiary  are
      validly issued and are fully paid,  non-assessable  and free of preemptive
      and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company
      has no subsidiaries,  then references in the Transaction  Documents to the
      Subsidiaries will be disregarded.

            (b)  Organization  and  Qualification.  Each of the  Company and the
      Subsidiaries  is an  entity  duly  incorporated  or  otherwise  organized,
      validly  existing and in good standing under the laws of the  jurisdiction
      of its  incorporation or organization (as applicable),  with the requisite
      power and authority to own and use its  properties and assets and to carry
      on its  business  as  currently  conducted.  Neither  the  Company nor any
      Subsidiary  is in  violation  or default of any of the  provisions  of its
      respective  certificate  or  articles  of  incorporation,  bylaws or other
      organizational  or  charter  documents.   Each  of  the  Company  and  the
      Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing
      as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the
      nature  of the  business  conducted  or  property  owned by it makes  such
      qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in
      good  standing,  as the  case may be,  could  not  have or  reasonably  be
      expected  to  result in (i) a  material  adverse  effect on the  legality,
      validity or  enforceability of any Transaction  Document,  (ii) a material
      adverse effect on the results of operations,  assets, business,  prospects
      or  financial  condition of the Company and the  Subsidiaries,  taken as a
      whole,  or (iii) a material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  ability to
      perform in any material  respect on a timely basis its  obligations  under
      any Transaction  Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a "Material  Adverse
      Effect") and no Proceeding  has been  instituted in any such  jurisdiction
      revoking,  limiting or curtailing  or seeking to revoke,  limit or curtail
      such power and authority or qualification.


                                       6
<PAGE>

            (c)  Authorization;  Enforcement.  The  Company  has  the  requisite
      corporate  power  and  authority  to  enter  into  and to  consummate  the
      transactions  contemplated  by  each  of  the  Transaction  Documents  and
      otherwise  to carry out its  obligations  thereunder.  The  execution  and
      delivery  of each of the  Transaction  Documents  by the  Company  and the
      consummation by it of the transactions contemplated thereby have been duly
      authorized  by all  necessary  action  on the part of the  Company  and no
      further  action is required by the Company in connection  therewith  other
      than in connection with the Required Approvals.  Each Transaction Document
      has been (or upon  delivery  will have been) duly  executed by the Company
      and, when delivered in accordance  with the terms hereof,  will constitute
      the valid and binding  obligation of the Company  enforceable  against the
      Company in  accordance  with its terms except (i) as limited by applicable
      bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium  and  other  laws of
      general application  affecting  enforcement of creditors' rights generally
      and (ii) as limited  by laws  relating  to the  availability  of  specific
      performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies.

            (d) No Conflicts.  The  execution,  delivery and  performance of the
      Transaction  Documents by the Company and the  consummation by the Company
      of the other  transactions  contemplated  thereby do not and will not: (i)
      conflict   with  or  violate  any   provision  of  the  Company's  or  any
      Subsidiary's  certificate  or articles of  incorporation,  bylaws or other
      organizational or charter documents,  or (ii) conflict with, or constitute
      a default  (or an event  that with  notice or lapse of time or both  would
      become a default)  under,  result in the  creation of any Lien upon any of
      the  properties  or assets of the  Company or any  Subsidiary,  or give to
      others any rights of termination,  amendment, acceleration or cancellation
      (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement,  credit
      facility,  debt or other  instrument  (evidencing  a Company or Subsidiary
      debt or  otherwise)  or other  understanding  to which the  Company or any
      Subsidiary  is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or
      any  Subsidiary  is  bound  or  affected  (with  the  exception  of the 8%
      Convertible Notes), or (iii) subject to the Required  Approvals,  conflict
      with or  result  in a  violation  of any  law,  rule,  regulation,  order,
      judgment,  injunction,  decree  or  other  restriction  of  any  court  or
      governmental  authority  to which the Company or a  Subsidiary  is subject
      (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which
      any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected;
      except in the case of each of clauses  (ii) and  (iii),  such as could not
      have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.


                                       7
<PAGE>

            (e) Filings,  Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to
      obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
      or make any  filing or  registration  with,  any  court or other  federal,
      state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection
      with  the  execution,  delivery  and  performance  by the  Company  of the
      Transaction Documents, other than (i) filings required pursuant to Section
      4.6, (ii) the filing with the  Commission of the  Registration  Statement,
      (iii) the notice and/or  application(s) to each applicable  Trading Market
      for the issuance and sale of the Notes and the Penalty  Shares for trading
      thereon in the time and  manner  required  thereby  and (iv) the filing of
      Form D with the  Commission  and such  filings as are  required to be made
      under  applicable  state  securities  laws  (collectively,  the  "Required
      Approvals").

            (f) Issuance of the  Securities.  The Securities are duly authorized
      and,  when  issued  and  paid  for  in  accordance   with  the  applicable
      Transaction  Documents,  will be duly and validly  issued,  fully paid and
      nonassessable,  free and clear of all Liens  imposed by the Company  other
      than restrictions on transfer  provided for in the Transaction  Documents.
      The  Penalty  Shares,  when  issued  in  accordance  with the terms of the
      Transaction  Documents,  will  be  registered,  freely  tradable,  validly
      issued, fully paid and nonassessable,  free and clear of all Liens imposed
      by the Company.  The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital
      stock a number  of shares of Common  Stock  for  issuance  of the  Penalty
      Shares.  The Company has not,  and to the  knowledge  of the  Company,  no
      Affiliate of the Company has sold, offered for sale or solicited offers to
      buy or  otherwise  negotiated  in respect of any  security  (as defined in
      Section 2 of the Securities  Act) that would be integrated  with the offer
      or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the  registration
      under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities to the  Purchasers,
      or that would be integrated  with the offer or sale of the  Securities for
      purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market.

            (g)  Capitalization.  The  capitalization  of the  Company is as set
      forth  in  Item  2.01,  the  Description  of  Securities  section  of  the
      Disclosure  Schedule.  The Company has not issued any capital  stock since
      November 15, 2004 other than  pursuant to the  exercise of employee  stock
      options under the Company's stock option plans,  the issuance of shares of
      Common  Stock  to  employees  pursuant  to the  Company's  employee  stock
      purchase plan and pursuant to the  conversion  or exercise of  outstanding
      Common  Stock  Equivalents.  No  Person  has any  right of first  refusal,
      preemptive  right,  right  of  participation,  or  any  similar  right  to
      participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
      Except as set forth in Item 2.01 and the Description of Securities section
      of the  Disclosure  Schedule,  as a result of the purchase and sale of the
      Securities,  there are no outstanding options,  warrants, script rights to
      subscribe to, calls or  commitments of any character  whatsoever  relating
      to, or securities,  rights or obligations convertible into or exchangeable
      for,  or giving any  Person any right to  subscribe  for or  acquire,  any
      shares of Common  Stock,  or  contracts,  commitments,  understandings  or
      arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound
      to issue  additional  shares  of Common  Stock,  or  securities  or rights
      convertible or exchangeable  into shares of Common Stock. The issuance and
      sale of the  Securities  will not  obligate the Company to issue shares of
      Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers)
      and will not  result in a right of any  holder of  Company  securities  to
      adjust  the  exercise,  conversion,  exchange  or reset  price  under such
      securities.  All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company
      are  validly  issued,  fully paid and  nonassessable,  have been issued in
      compliance  with all federal and state  securities  laws, and none of such
      outstanding  shares was issued in  violation of any  preemptive  rights or
      similar  rights  to  subscribe  for or  purchase  securities.  No  further
      approval or authorization  of any  stockholder,  the Board of Directors of
      the  Company  or  others  is  required  for the  issuance  and sale of the
      Securities.  There are no stockholders  agreements,  voting  agreements or
      other similar  agreements  with respect to the Company's  capital stock to
      which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company,  between
      or among any of the Company's stockholders.


                                       8
<PAGE>

            (h) SEC  Reports;  Financial  Statements.  The Company has filed all
      reports  required  to be  filed  by it under  the  Securities  Act and the
      Exchange Act,  including  pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof,  for
      the two years  preceding  the date hereof (or such  shorter  period as the
      Company  was  required  by law  to  file  such  material)  (the  foregoing
      materials,  including the exhibits thereto, being collectively referred to
      herein as the "SEC  Reports")  on a timely  basis or has  received a valid
      extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports  prior
      to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the
      SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the
      Securities  Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and  regulations of the
      Commission  promulgated  thereunder,  and  none of the SEC  Reports,  when
      filed,  contained  any untrue  statement of a material  fact or omitted to
      state a material fact required to be stated  therein or necessary in order
      to make the statements  therein, in light of the circumstances under which
      they were made, not  misleading.  The financial  statements of the Company
      included  in  the  SEC  Reports  comply  in  all  material  respects  with
      applicable  accounting  requirements  and the rules and regulations of the
      Commission with respect  thereto as in effect at the time of filing.  Such
      financial  statements  have been prepared in accordance with United States
      generally  accepted  accounting  principles  applied on a consistent basis
      during the periods involved ("GAAP"), except as may be otherwise specified
      in such  financial  statements  or the notes ----  thereto and except that
      unaudited  financial  statements may not contain all footnotes required by
      GAAP, and fairly present in all material  respects the financial  position
      of the Company and its  consolidated  subsidiaries as of and for the dates
      thereof and the results of operations  and cash flows for the periods then
      ended,  subject,  in  the  case  of  unaudited   statements,   to  normal,
      immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

            (i) Material Changes. Since the date of the latest audited financial
      statements  included  within  the  SEC  Reports,  except  as  specifically
      disclosed in the SEC Reports,  (i) there has been no event,  occurrence or
      development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in
      a  Material  Adverse  Effect,  (ii)  the  Company  has  not  incurred  any
      liabilities  (contingent  or otherwise)  other than (A) trade payables and
      accrued  expenses  incurred in the ordinary course of business  consistent
      with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the
      Company's  financial  statements  pursuant  to  GAAP  or  required  to  be
      disclosed in filings made with the  Commission,  (iii) the Company has not
      altered its method of  accounting,  (iv) the  Company has not  declared or
      made  any  dividend  or  distribution  of cash or  other  property  to its
      stockholders or purchased,  redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or
      redeem any shares of its capital  stock and (v) the Company has not issued
      any equity  securities  to any  officer,  director  or  Affiliate,  except
      pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have
      pending before the Commission  any request for  confidential  treatment of
      information.


                                       9
<PAGE>

            (j) Litigation.  Other than as set forth in the Disclosure  Schedule
      under the caption "Legal  Proceedings," there is no action, suit, inquiry,
      notice  of  violation,  proceeding  or  investigation  pending  or, to the
      knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any
      Subsidiary or any of their respective  properties  before or by any court,
      arbitrator,  governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority
      (federal,  state,  county, local or foreign)  (collectively,  an "Action")
      which (i)  adversely  affects or  challenges  the  legality,  validity  or
      enforceability  of any of the  Transaction  Documents or the Securities or
      (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable  decision,  have or reasonably be
      expected to result in a Material  Adverse Effect.  Neither the Company nor
      any Subsidiary,  nor any director or officer  thereof,  is or has been the
      subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under
      federal or state  securities  laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty.
      There has not been,  and to the  knowledge  of the  Company,  there is not
      pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the
      Company or any current or former  director or officer of the Company.  The
      Commission  has not issued any stop order or other  order  suspending  the
      effectiveness  of any  registration  statement filed by the Company or any
      Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

            (k) Labor  Relations.  No material  labor dispute  exists or, to the
      knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
      of the Company which could  reasonably be expected to result in a Material
      Adverse Effect.

            (l)  Compliance.  Neither the Company nor any  Subsidiary  (i) is in
      default  under or in violation of (and no event has occurred  that has not
      been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both,  would result in a
      default by the Company or any  Subsidiary  under),  nor has the Company or
      any Subsidiary  received  notice of a claim that it is in default under or
      that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any
      other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any
      of its  properties is bound  (whether or not such default or violation has
      been waived),  (ii) is in violation of any order of any court,  arbitrator
      or governmental body, or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute,
      rule  or  regulation  of any  governmental  authority,  including  without
      limitation all foreign,  federal,  state and local laws  applicable to its
      business except in each case as could not have a Material Adverse Effect.

            (m) Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all
      certificates,   authorizations  and  permits  issued  by  the  appropriate
      federal,  state,  local or foreign  regulatory  authorities  necessary  to
      conduct  their  respective  businesses  as  described  in the SEC Reports,
      except  where  the  failure  to  possess  such  permits  could not have or
      reasonably be expected to result in a Material  Adverse Effect  ("Material
      Permits"),  and neither the Company nor any  Subsidiary  has  received any
      notice of proceedings  relating to the revocation or  modification  of any
      Material Permit.


                                       10
<PAGE>

            (n) Title to Assets.  Other than the  assets  pledged in  connection
      with the Company's 8% Secured  Convertible Notes due November 1, 2006 (the
      "8% Convertible  Notes"),  the Company and the Subsidiaries  have good and
      marketable  title in fee simple to all real property owned by them that is
      material to the business of the Company and the  Subsidiaries and good and
      marketable  title in all personal  property owned by them that is material
      to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and
      clear of all Liens, except for Liens as do not materially affect the value
      of such  property and do not  materially  interfere  with the use made and
      proposed to be made of such  property by the Company and the  Subsidiaries
      and Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, the payment of
      which is neither  delinquent  nor subject to penalties.  Any real property
      and facilities  held under lease by the Company and the  Subsidiaries  are
      held by them under valid,  subsisting and enforceable  leases of which the
      Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

            (o) Patents and Trademarks.  The Company and the Subsidiaries  have,
      or have  rights to use,  all  patents,  patent  applications,  trademarks,
      trademark applications,  service marks, trade names, copyrights,  licenses
      and other similar rights  necessary or material for use in connection with
      their respective  businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the
      failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the
      "Intellectual  Property  Rights").  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
      has received a written notice that the  Intellectual  Property Rights used
      by the Company or any Subsidiary  violates or infringes upon the rights of
      any  Person.  To the  knowledge  of the  Company,  all  such  Intellectual
      Property Rights are  enforceable and there is no existing  infringement by
      another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights of others.

            (p)  Insurance.  The  Company  and the  Subsidiaries  are insured by
      insurers of recognized  financial  responsibility  against such losses and
      risks and in such amounts as are prudent and  customary in the  businesses
      in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged,  including, but not
      limited to,  directors and officers  insurance  coverage at least equal to
      the aggregate  Subscription  Amount.  To the best of Company's  knowledge,
      such insurance  contracts and policies are accurate and complete.  Neither
      the Company nor any  Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not
      be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage
      expires or to obtain  similar  coverage  from  similar  insurers as may be
      necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

            (q) Transactions With Affiliates and Employees.  Except as set forth
      in the SEC Reports,  none of the officers or directors of the Company and,
      to the  knowledge of the Company,  none of the employees of the Company is
      presently a party to any  transaction  with the Company or any  Subsidiary
      (other than for services as employees, officers and directors),  including
      any contract,  agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing
      of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to
      or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer,  director
      or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company,  any entity in which
      any officer,  director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or
      is an officer,  director,  trustee or  partner,  in each case in excess of
      $50,000  other  than (i) for  payment  of  salary or  consulting  fees for
      services  rendered,  (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of
      the Company and (iii) for other employee benefits,  including stock option
      agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.


                                       11
<PAGE>

            (r) Sarbanes-Oxley;  Internal Accounting Controls. The Company is in
      material  compliance with all provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
      which are  applicable  to it as of the Closing  Date.  The Company and the
      Subsidiaries  maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient
      to provide  reasonable  assurance  that (i)  transactions  are executed in
      accordance  with  management's  general or specific  authorizations,  (ii)
      transactions are recorded as necessary to permit  preparation of financial
      statements in conformity  with GAAP and to maintain asset  accountability,
      (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance  with  management's
      general or specific  authorization,  and (iv) the recorded  accountability
      for assets is compared with the existing  assets at  reasonable  intervals
      and  appropriate  action is taken  with  respect to any  differences.  The
      Company has established  disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
      Exchange Act Rules  13a-15(e) and  15d-15(e)) for the Company and designed
      such   disclosure   controls  and   procedures  to  ensure  that  material
      information relating to the Company,  including its Subsidiaries,  is made
      known  to  the  certifying  officers  by  others  within  those  entities,
      particularly  during the period in which the Company's most recently filed
      periodic  report  under  the  Exchange  Act,  as the case may be, is being
      prepared.   The  Company's   certifying   officers   have   evaluated  the
      effectiveness  of the  Company's  controls and  procedures  as of the date
      prior to the filing date of the most recently filed periodic  report under
      the Exchange Act (such date, the "Evaluation Date").  Since the Evaluation
      Date,  there have been no  significant  changes in the Company's  internal
      controls (as such term is defined in Item 307(b) of  Regulation  S-K under
      the Exchange  Act) or, to the Company's  knowledge,  in other factors that
      could significantly affect the Company's internal controls.

            (s) Certain Fees. No brokerage or finder's fees or  commissions  are
      or will be payable  by the  Company to any  broker,  financial  advisor or
      consultant,  finder,  placement agent,  investment  banker,  bank or other
      Person with respect to the  transactions  contemplated  by this Agreement.
      The Purchasers  shall have no obligation  with respect to any fees or with
      respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other  Persons for fees of a
      type  contemplated  in this Section that may be due in connection with the
      transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

            (t) Private  Placement.  Assuming  the  accuracy  of the  Purchasers
      representations  and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no  registration
      under  the  Securities  Act is  required  for the  offer  and  sale of the
      Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as  contemplated  hereby.  The
      issuance and sale of the  Securities  hereunder  does not  contravene  the
      rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

            (u) Investment Company.  The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate
      of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,  will not
      be or be an Affiliate of, an  "investment  company"  within the meaning of
      the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.  The Company shall conduct
      its  business  in a  manner  so that it will  not  become  subject  to the
      Investment Company Act.


                                       12
<PAGE>

            (v)  Registration  Rights.  With the exception of the holders of the
      Company's 8% Convertible Notes,  Series A Preferred Stock and the investor
      under the Standby Equity Agreement between Cornell Capital  Partners,  LP,
      and the  Company,  no Person has any right to cause the  Company to effect
      the  registration  under  the  Securities  Act  of any  securities  of the
      Company.

            (w) Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Company's Common Stock
      is  registered  pursuant to Section  12(g) of the  Exchange  Act,  and the
      Company  has taken no action  designed  to, or which to its  knowledge  is
      likely to have the effect of,  terminating the  registration of the Common
      Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification
      that the Commission is contemplating  terminating such  registration.  The
      Company  has not, in the 12 months  preceding  the date  hereof,  received
      notice  from any Trading  Market on which the Common  Stock is or has been
      listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance  with
      the  listing or  maintenance  requirements  of such  Trading  Market.  The
      Company  is,  and  has no  reason  to  believe  that  it  will  not in the
      foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and
      maintenance requirements.

            (x) Application of Takeover  Protections.  The Company and its Board
      of Directors have taken all necessary  action,  if any, in order to render
      inapplicable any control share acquisition,  business combination,  poison
      pill  (including  any  distribution  under a  rights  agreement)  or other
      similar  anti-takeover   provision  under  the  Company's  Certificate  of
      Incorporation  (or similar charter  documents) or the laws of its state of
      incorporation  that is or could become  applicable to the  Purchasers as a
      result of the Purchasers and the Company  fulfilling their  obligations or
      exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without
      limitation as a result of the Company's issuance of the Securities and the
      Purchasers' ownership of the Securities.

            (y) Disclosure.  The Company  confirms that neither it nor any other
      Person  acting on its behalf has provided any of the  Purchasers  or their
      agents  or  counsel  with  any  information   that  constitutes  or  might
      constitute material,  nonpublic  information.  The Company understands and
      confirms that the  Purchasers  will rely on the foregoing  representations
      and covenants in effecting  transactions in securities of the Company. All
      disclosure provided to the Purchasers  regarding the Company, its business
      and  the  transactions   contemplated  hereby,  including  the  Disclosure
      Schedules to this Agreement, furnished by or on behalf of the Company with
      respect to the  representations  and  warranties  made herein are true and
      correct with respect to such  representations  and  warranties  and do not
      contain  any  untrue  statement  of a  material  fact or omit to state any
      material fact necessary in order to make the statements  made therein,  in
      light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
      Company  acknowledges  and agrees that no Purchaser  makes or has made any
      representations   or   warranties   with   respect  to  the   transactions
      contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2
      hereof.


                                       13
<PAGE>

            (z) No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers'
      representations  and  warranties  set forth in Section  3.2,  neither  the
      Company, nor any of its affiliates,  nor any Person acting on its or their
      behalf  has,  directly  or  indirectly,  made any  offers  or sales of any
      security or solicited any offers to buy any security,  under circumstances
      that would cause this offering of the  Securities  to be  integrated  with
      prior  offerings by the Company for purposes of the  Securities Act or any
      applicable shareholder approval provisions, including, without limitation,
      under the rules and  regulations  of any exchange or  automated  quotation
      system  on which  any of the  securities  of the  Company  are  listed  or
      designated.

            (aa) Solvency. Based on the financial condition of the Company as of
      the Closing Date after giving  effect to the receipt by the Company of the
      proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the Company's fair
      saleable  value of its assets  exceeds the amount that will be required to
      be paid  on or in  respect  of the  Company's  existing  debts  and  other
      liabilities (including known contingent  liabilities) as they mature; (ii)
      the Company's assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry
      on its  business  for the  current  fiscal  year as now  conducted  and as
      proposed to be conducted  including  its capital needs taking into account
      the  particular  capital  requirements  of the  business  conducted by the
      Company,  and  projected  capital  requirements  and capital  availability
      thereof; and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the
      proceeds  the  Company  would  receive,  were it to  liquidate  all of its
      assets,  after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would
      be  sufficient  to pay all  amounts on or in respect of its debt when such
      amounts  are  required to be paid.  The  Company  does not intend to incur
      debts  beyond its  ability to pay such debts as they mature  (taking  into
      account  the timing and  amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of
      its debt).  The Company  has no  knowledge  of any facts or  circumstances
      which  lead  it to  believe  that  it  will  file  for  reorganization  or
      liquidation   under  the   bankruptcy  or   reorganization   laws  of  any
      jurisdiction  within one year from the Closing  Date.  The SEC Reports set
      forth as of the  dates  thereof  all  outstanding  secured  and  unsecured
      Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or
      any  Subsidiary  has  commitments.  For the  purposes  of this  Agreement,
      "Indebtedness"  shall  mean  (a) any  liabilities  for  borrowed  money or
      amounts  owed in excess of  $50,000  (other  than trade  accounts  payable
      incurred  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business),  (b)  all  guaranties,
      endorsements and other  contingent  obligations in respect of Indebtedness
      of  others,  whether  or not the same are or  should be  reflected  in the
      Company's  balance  sheet (or the notes  thereto),  except  guaranties  by
      endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar
      transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (c) the present value
      of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be
      capitalized  in  accordance  with  GAAP.   Neither  the  Company  nor  any
      Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

            (bb) Tax Status.  Except for matters that would not, individually or
      in the  aggregate,  have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
      Adverse  Effect,  the Company and each  Subsidiary has filed all necessary
      federal,  state and foreign  income and franchise tax returns and has paid
      or  accrued  all  taxes  shown  as due  thereon,  and the  Company  has no
      knowledge  of a tax  deficiency  which  has been  asserted  or  threatened
      against the Company or any Subsidiary.


                                       14
<PAGE>

            (cc) No General  Solicitation.  Neither  the  Company nor any person
      acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the  Securities
      by any form of general  solicitation or general  advertising.  The Company
      has offered the  Securities  for sale only to the  Purchasers  and certain
      other  "accredited  investors"  within  the  meaning of Rule 501 under the
      Securities Act.

            (dd) Foreign  Corrupt  Practices.  Neither the  Company,  nor to the
      knowledge  of the Company,  any agent or other person  acting on behalf of
      the Company,  has (i) directly or  indirectly,  used any corrupt funds for
      unlawful  contributions,  gifts,  entertainment or other unlawful expenses
      related to foreign or domestic political activity,  (ii) made any unlawful
      payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any
      foreign or domestic  political  parties or campaigns from corporate funds,
      (iii) failed to disclose  fully any  contribution  made by the Company (or
      made by any  person  acting on its  behalf of which the  Company is aware)
      which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any
      provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended

            (ee) Accountants.  The Company's accountants are Horne CPA Group. To
      the Company's  knowledge,  such accountants,  who the Company expects will
      express  their  opinion with  respect to the  financial  statements  to be
      included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ending
      December 31, 2004, are a registered  public accounting firm as required by
      the Securities Act.

            (ff)  Seniority.   As  of  the  Closing  Date,  other  than  the  8%
      Convertible  Notes of the Company,  no indebtedness or other equity of the
      Company is senior to or pari passu  with,  the Notes in right of  payment,
      whether with respect to interest or upon  liquidation or  dissolution,  or
      otherwise,  other than  indebtedness  secured by purchase  money  security
      interests  (which is senior only as to underlying  assets covered thereby)
      and capital  lease  obligations  (which is senior only as to the  property
      covered thereby).

            (gg) No  Disagreements  with  Accountants and Lawyers.  There are no
      disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by
      the Company to arise,  between  the  accountants  and lawyers  formerly or
      presently  employed by the Company and the Company is current with respect
      to  any  fees  owed  to  its  accountants  and  lawyers.  By  making  this
      representation   the  Company   does  not,   in  any  manner,   waive  the
      attorney/client  privilege or the  confidentiality  of the  communications
      between the Company and its lawyers.

            (hh) Acknowledgment  Regarding  Purchasers'  Purchase of Securities.
      The Company  acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting
      solely in the  capacity of an arm's length  purchaser  with respect to the
      Transaction  Documents  and  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby.  The
      Company  further  acknowledges  that no Purchaser is acting as a financial
      advisor or  fiduciary  of the Company (or in any  similar  capacity)  with
      respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and any
      advice given by any Purchaser or any of their  respective  representatives
      or  agents  in  connection  with  this  Agreement  and  the   transactions
      contemplated  hereby is merely  incidental to the Purchasers'  purchase of
      the Securities.  The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the
      Company's  decision to enter into this  Agreement has been based solely on
      the independent evaluation of the transactions  contemplated hereby by the
      Company and its representatives.  The Company further acknowledges that in
      addition to purchasing Securities,  the Purchasers or their affiliates may
      directly or indirectly  own debt  (including  the Company's 8% Convertible
      Notes),  Common  Stock and  Preferred  Stock in the  Company and that such
      parties,  exercising  their rights  hereunder may  adversely  impact their
      other holdings as well as the other equity holders in the Company.


                                       15
<PAGE>

      3.2  Representations  and  Warranties of the  Purchasers.  Each  Purchaser
hereby, for itself and for no other Purchaser, represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows:

            (a)  Organization;  Authority.  Such  Purchaser  is an  entity  duly
      organized,  validly  existing and in good  standing  under the laws of the
      jurisdiction of its organization with full right, corporate or partnership
      power and  authority  to enter  into and to  consummate  the  transactions
      contemplated by the  Transaction  Documents and otherwise to carry out its
      obligations  thereunder.  The execution,  delivery and performance by such
      Purchaser of the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement have been
      duly  authorized by all necessary  corporate or similar action on the part
      of such Purchaser.  Each  Transaction  Document to which it is a party has
      been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser
      in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally
      binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance
      with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable  principles and
      applicable bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium and other
      laws of general  application  affecting  enforcement of creditors'  rights
      generally,  (ii)  as  limited  by laws  relating  to the  availability  of
      specific  performance,  injunctive relief or other equitable  remedies and
      (iii)  insofar  as  indemnification  and  contribution  provisions  may be
      limited by applicable law.

            (b) Purchaser  Representation.  Such Purchaser  understands that the
      Securities are "restricted  securities" and have not been registered under
      the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring
      the  Securities as principal for its own account and not with a view to or
      for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof,  has no
      present  intention  of  distributing  any of  such  Securities  and has no
      arrangement  or  understanding   with  any  other  persons  regarding  the
      distribution  of such  Securities  (this  representation  and warranty not
      limiting such Purchaser's right to sell the Penalty Shares pursuant to the
      Registration  Statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal
      and state  securities  laws).  Such  Purchaser is acquiring the Securities
      hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.  Such Purchaser does not
      have any  agreement or  understanding,  directly or  indirectly,  with any
      Person to distribute any of the Securities.

            (c)  Purchaser  Status.  At the time such  Purchaser was offered the
      Securities, it was, and at the date hereof it is, and on the date on which
      it purchases the Notes  (including any note issued in connection  with the
      Balance),  it will be either:  (i) an "accredited  investor" as defined in
      Rule 501(a)(1),  (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act
      or (ii) a "qualified institutional buyer" as defined in Rule 144A(a) under
      the  Securities  Act. Such Purchaser is not required to be registered as a
      broker-dealer under Section 15 of the Exchange Act.


                                       16
<PAGE>

            (d) Experience of Such Purchaser.  Such  Purchaser,  either alone or
      together with its representatives,  has such knowledge, sophistication and
      experience  in  business  and  financial  matters  so as to be  capable of
      evaluating  the  merits  and risks of the  prospective  investment  in the
      Securities,  and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment.
      Such  Purchaser is able to bear the economic  risk of an investment in the
      Securities  and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of
      such investment.

            (e) General  Solicitation.  Such  Purchaser  is not  purchasing  the
      Securities  as a result  of any  advertisement,  article,  notice or other
      communication   regarding  the  Securities  published  in  any  newspaper,
      magazine  or  similar  media  or  broadcast  over  television  or radio or
      presented  at any  seminar or any other  general  solicitation  or general
      advertisement.

            The Company  acknowledges  and agrees that each  Purchaser  does not
      make or has not made any representations or warranties with respect to the
      transactions  contemplated  hereby other than those specifically set forth
      in this Section 3.2.

                                  ARTICLE IV.
                         OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

      4.1 Transfer Restrictions.

            (a) The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance  with state
      and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Securities
      other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to
      the Company or to an  affiliate  of a Purchaser  or in  connection  with a
      pledge as  contemplated  in Section  4.1(b),  the  Company may require the
      transferor  thereof  to  provide  to the  Company  an  opinion  of counsel
      selected by the transferor and reasonably  acceptable to the Company,  the
      form and substance of which opinion  shall be reasonably  satisfactory  to
      the  Company,   to  the  effect  that  such   transfer  does  not  require
      registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act. As a
      condition of transfer,  any such  transferee  shall agree in writing to be
      bound by the  terms of this  Agreement  and  shall  have the  rights  of a
      Purchaser under this Agreement.

            (b) The Purchasers  agree to the imprinting,  so long as is required
      by this  Section  4.1(b),  of a  legend  on any of the  Securities  in the
      following form:

      [NEITHER] THESE SECURITIES [NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES
      ARE [EXERCISABLE]  [CONVERTIBLE]] HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES
      AND  EXCHANGE  COMMISSION  OR THE  SECURITIES  COMMISSION  OF ANY STATE IN
      RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM  REGISTRATION  UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
      1933, AS AMENDED (THE  "SECURITIES  ACT"),  AND,  ACCORDINGLY,  MAY NOT BE
      OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT  PURSUANT TO AN  EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT
      UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN
      A  TRANSACTION  NOT  SUBJECT  TO,  THE  REGISTRATION  REQUIREMENTS  OF THE
      SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE  STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS
      EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE  TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT,
      THE  SUBSTANCE  OF WHICH SHALL BE  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE  TO THE COMPANY.
      THESE  SECURITIES  AND THE  SECURITIES  ISSUABLE  UPON  EXERCISE  OF THESE
      SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR
      OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.


                                       17
<PAGE>

            The Company  acknowledges  and agrees that a Purchaser may from time
      to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin  agreement with a registered
      broker-dealer  or  grant  a  security  interest  in  some  or  all  of the
      Securities to a financial  institution that is an "accredited investor" as
      defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and who agrees to be bound
      by the provisions of this Agreement and the Registration  Rights Agreement
      and, if required under the terms of such  arrangement,  such Purchaser may
      transfer pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties.
      Such a pledge or transfer  would not be subject to approval of the Company
      and no legal  opinion of legal  counsel of the pledgee,  secured  party or
      pledgor  shall be required in  connection  therewith.  Further,  no notice
      shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate  Purchaser's expense,
      the Company will execute and deliver such  reasonable  documentation  as a
      pledgee  or  secured  party  of  Securities  may  reasonably   request  in
      connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities,  including, if the
      Securities are subject to registration pursuant to the Registration Rights
      Agreement,   the  preparation  and  filing  of  any  required   prospectus
      supplement  under  Rule  424(b)(3)  under  the  Securities  Act  or  other
      applicable provision of the Securities Act to appropriately amend the list
      of Selling Stockholders thereunder.

            (c) Certificates evidencing the Penalty Shares shall not contain any
      legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof).

      4.2 Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance
of the  Securities  may result in dilution of the  outstanding  shares of Common
Stock,  which dilution may be substantial under certain market  conditions.  The
Company  further   acknowledges  that  its  obligations  under  the  Transaction
Documents,  including  without  limitation  its  obligation to issue the Penalty
Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents, are unconditional and absolute and
not  subject  to any  right  of  set  off,  counterclaim,  delay  or  reduction,
regardless  of the effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have
against any Purchaser and  regardless of the dilutive  effect that such issuance
may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.


                                       18
<PAGE>

      4.3 Furnishing of Information.  As long as any Purchaser owns  Securities,
the Company  covenants to timely file (or obtain  extensions in respect  thereof
and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by
the Company  after the date hereof  pursuant to the Exchange Act. As long as any
Purchaser  owns  Securities,  if the  Company is not  required  to file  reports
pursuant to the Exchange Act, it will prepare and furnish to the  Purchasers and
make publicly  available in accordance  with Rule 144(c) such  information as is
required for the Purchasers to sell the  Securities  under Rule 144. The Company
further  covenants  that it will  take  such  further  action  as any  holder of
Securities may reasonably request,  all to the extent required from time to time
to enable such Person to sell such  Securities  without  registration  under the
Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144.

      4.4  Integration.  The Company  shall not sell,  offer for sale or solicit
offers to buy or  otherwise  negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in
Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale
of the  Securities  in a manner that would  require the  registration  under the
Securities  Act of the sale of the Securities to the Purchasers or that would be
integrated  with the offer or sale of the  Securities  for purposes of the rules
and regulations of any Trading Market.

      4.5 Intentionally Omitted.

      4.6 Securities Laws Disclosure;  Publicity. The Company and each Purchaser
shall  consult with each other in issuing any other press  releases with respect
to the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,  and  neither  the  Company  nor any
Purchaser  shall issue any such press release or otherwise  make any such public
statement  without the prior  consent of the Company,  with respect to any press
release of any Purchaser,  or without the prior consent of each Purchaser,  with
respect  to  any  press  release  of  the  Company,   which  consent  shall  not
unreasonably be withheld, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which
case the  disclosing  party  shall  promptly  provide the other party with prior
notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company shall not publicly  disclose the name of any  Purchaser,  or include
the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the  Commission  or any  regulatory
agency or Trading  Market,  without the prior written consent of such Purchaser,
except  (i)  as  required  by  federal  securities  law  in  connection  with  a
registration statement and (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by law
or Trading  Market  regulations,  in which case the  Company  shall  provide the
Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under subclause (i) or
(ii).

      4.7  Shareholder  Rights  Plan.  No claim will be made or  enforced by the
Company or, to the knowledge of the Company, any other Person that any Purchaser
is an "Acquiring  Person" under any  shareholder  rights plan or similar plan or
arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the  provisions of any such plan or  arrangement,  by
virtue of  receiving  Securities  under the  Transaction  Documents or under any
other  agreement  between  the  Company and the  Purchasers.  The Company  shall
conduct  its  business  in a manner so that it will not  become  subject  to the
Investment Company Act.


                                       19
<PAGE>

      4.8 Non-Public Information.  The Company covenants and agrees that neither
it nor any other Person  acting on its behalf will provide any  Purchaser or its
agents or counsel with any  information  that the Company  believes  constitutes
material non-public information,  unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have
executed  a written  agreement  regarding  the  confidentiality  and use of such
information.  The Company  understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be
relying on the foregoing representations in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company.

      4.9 Use of Proceeds.  The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale
of the Securities hereunder for working capital and general corporate purposes.

      4.10  Reimbursement.  If any Purchaser becomes involved in any capacity in
any  Proceeding  by or against  any Person who is a  stockholder  of the Company
(except as a result of sales, pledges,  margin sales and similar transactions by
such Purchaser to or with any current  stockholder),  solely as a result of such
Purchaser's acquisition of the Securities under this Agreement, the Company will
reimburse such Purchaser for its reasonable legal and other expenses  (including
the cost of any  investigation  preparation and travel in connection  therewith)
incurred  in  connection   therewith,   as  such  expenses  are  incurred.   The
reimbursement  obligations  of the  Company  under  this  paragraph  shall be in
addition to any  liability  which the Company may otherwise  have,  shall extend
upon the same terms and  conditions to any  Affiliates of the Purchasers who are
actually  named in such  action,  proceeding  or  investigation,  and  partners,
directors,  agents,  employees and controlling persons (if any), as the case may
be, of the  Purchasers  and any such  Affiliate,  and shall be binding  upon and
inure  to  the  benefit  of  any   successors,   assigns,   heirs  and  personal
representatives  of the Company,  the  Purchasers and any such Affiliate and any
such Person.  The Company also agrees that neither the  Purchasers  nor any such
Affiliates,  partners, directors, agents, employees or controlling persons shall
have any liability to the Company or any Person asserting claims on behalf of or
in right of the Company  solely as a result of acquiring  the  Securities  under
this Agreement.

      4.11  Indemnification  of  Purchasers.  Subject to the  provisions of this
Section  4.11,  the Company will  indemnify  and hold the  Purchasers  and their
directors,  officers,  shareholders,  partners,  employees and agents  (each,  a
"Purchaser Party") harmless from any and all losses,  liabilities,  obligations,
claims,  contingencies,  damages,  costs and expenses,  including all judgments,
amounts paid in  settlements,  court costs and  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and
costs of  investigation  that any such Purchaser  Party may suffer or incur as a
result  of or  relating  to (a)  any  breach  of  any  of  the  representations,
warranties,  covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in
the  other  Transaction  Documents  or  (b)  any  action  instituted  against  a
Purchaser, or any of them or their respective Affiliates,  by any stockholder of
the Company who is not an  Affiliate of such  Purchaser,  with respect to any of
the transactions  contemplated by the Transaction  Documents (unless such action
is  based  upon a  breach  of such  Purchaser's  representation,  warranties  or
covenants  under the Transaction  Documents or any agreements or  understandings
such  Purchaser  may have with any such  stockholder  or any  violations  by the
Purchaser of state or federal  securities  laws or any conduct by such Purchaser
which constitutes fraud,  gross negligence,  willful misconduct or malfeasance).
If any action shall be brought  against any Purchaser  Party in respect of which
indemnity may be sought pursuant to this  Agreement,  such Purchaser Party shall
promptly notify the Company in writing,  and the Company shall have the right to
assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing. Any Purchaser Party
shall  have  the  right to  employ  separate  counsel  in any  such  action  and
participate  in the defense  thereof,  but the fees and expenses of such counsel
shall be at the expense of such  Purchaser  Party  except to the extent that (i)
the  employment  thereof  has been  specifically  authorized  by the  Company in
writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume
such  defense  and to employ  counsel or (iii) in such  action  there is, in the
reasonable opinion of such separate counsel, a material conflict on any material
issue  between the  position of the Company and the  position of such  Purchaser
Party.  The  Company  will not be  liable  to any  Purchaser  Party  under  this
Agreement  (i) for any  settlement  by a Purchaser  Party  effected  without the
Company's prior written  consent,  which shall not be  unreasonably  withheld or
delayed;  or (ii) to the  extent,  but only to the  extent  that a loss,  claim,
damage or liability is  attributable  to any Purchaser  Party's breach of any of
the representations,  warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Purchasers
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents.


                                       20
<PAGE>

      4.12 Reservation and Listing of Securities.

            (a) The Company  shall  maintain a reserve from its duly  authorized
      shares of Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Transaction  Documents
      in such amount as may be required to fulfill its obligations in full under
      the Transaction Documents.

            (b) If, on any date,  the number of  authorized  but  unissued  (and
      otherwise  unreserved)  shares  of Common  Stock is less than the  Penalty
      Shares to be issued,  then the Board of Directors of the Company shall use
      commercially  reasonable  efforts to amend the  Company's  certificate  or
      articles  of  incorporation  to  increase  the  number of  authorized  but
      unissued  shares of  Common  Stock to at least  the  Penalty  Shares to be
      issued at such time,  as soon as possible  and in any event not later than
      the 75th day after such date.

            (c) The Company  shall,  if  applicable:  (i) in the time and manner
      required by the Trading Market,  prepare and file with such Trading Market
      an additional  shares listing  application  covering a number of shares of
      Common  Stock at least equal to the  Required  Minimum on the date of such
      application,  (ii) take all steps necessary to cause such shares of Common
      Stock to be approved for listing on the Trading Market as soon as possible
      thereafter,  (iii) provide to the Purchasers evidence of such listing, and
      (iv)  maintain the listing of such Common Stock on any date at least equal
      to the  Required  Minimum on such date on such  Trading  Market or another
      Trading Market.

      4.13 Equal Treatment of Purchasers.  No consideration  shall be offered or
paid to any  person  to amend or  consent  to a waiver  or  modification  of any
provision of any of the Transaction  Documents unless the same  consideration is
also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction  Documents.  Further,  the
Company  shall not make any  payment of  principal  or  interest on the Notes in
amounts  which  are   disproportionate  to  the  respective   principal  amounts
outstanding on the Notes at any applicable  time.  For  clarification  purposes,
this  provision  constitutes a separate  right granted to each  Purchaser by the
Company and negotiated  separately by each  Purchaser,  and is intended to treat
for the  Company  the  Note  holders  as a  class  and  shall  not in any way be
construed as the Purchasers  acting in concert or as a group with respect to the
purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.


                                       21
<PAGE>

      4.14  Most  Favored  Nation  Provision.  Any time the  Company  effects  a
Subsequent  Financing,  each  Purchaser may elect,  in its sole  discretion,  to
exchange all or some of its Notes then held by it for the securities issued in a
Subsequent Financing based on the then outstanding  principal amount of the Note
plus accrued but unpaid  interest and any other fees then owed by the Company to
the Purchaser, and the effective price at which such securities are sold in such
Subsequent Financing.

                                   ARTICLE V.
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

      5.1  Termination.  This Agreement may be terminated by any  Purchaser,  by
written notice to the other parties,  if the Closing has not been consummated on
or before December 30, 2004;  provided that no such  termination will affect the
right of any party to sue for any breach by the other party (or parties).

      5.2 Fees. At the Closing, the Company has agreed to (i) reimburse DC Asset
Management  LLC ("DCAM")  $10,000,  for its legal fees and expenses and (ii) pay
DCAM  $25,000  as a  structuring  fee.  Except  as  expressly  set  forth in the
Transaction  Documents  to the  contrary,  each  party  shall  pay the  fees and
expenses of its advisers,  counsel,  accountants and other experts,  if any, and
all  other  expenses  incurred  by  such  party  incident  to  the  negotiation,
preparation,  execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company
shall pay all transfer agent fees, stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied
in connection with the issuance of any Securities.

      5.3  Entire  Agreement.  The  Transaction  Documents,  together  with  the
exhibits and schedules thereto,  contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties
acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

      5.4 Notices.  Any and all notices or other  communications  or  deliveries
required or permitted to be provided  hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of  transmission,  if
such notice or  communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number
set forth on the signature  pages  attached  hereto prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York
City  time)  on a  Trading  Day,  (b) the next  Trading  Day  after  the date of
transmission,  if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the
facsimile  number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that
is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading
Day, (c) the second  Trading Day following the date of mailing,  if sent by U.S.
nationally  recognized  overnight courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt by
the party to whom such  notice is  required  to be given.  The  address for such
notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto.

      5.5 Amendments;  Waivers.  No provision of this Agreement may be waived or
amended except in a written instrument  signed, in the case of an amendment,  by
the Company and each Purchaser or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against
whom  enforcement  of any such waiver is sought.  No waiver of any default  with
respect to any provision,  condition or  requirement of this Agreement  shall be
deemed to be a  continuing  waiver in the  future or a waiver of any  subsequent
default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor
shall any delay or omission of either party to exercise  any right  hereunder in
any manner impair the exercise of any such right.


                                       22
<PAGE>

      5.6  Construction.  The headings herein are for  convenience  only, do not
constitute a part of this  Agreement  and shall not be deemed to limit or affect
any of the provisions hereof. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed
to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent,  and no
rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

      5.7 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the parties and their  successors and permitted  assigns.  The
Company may not assign this  Agreement  or any rights or  obligations  hereunder
without the prior written  consent of each  Purchaser.  Any Purchaser may assign
any or all of its  rights  under  this  Agreement  to any  Person  to whom  such
Purchaser  assigns or transfers any Securities,  provided such transferee agrees
in  writing to be bound,  with  respect to the  transferred  Securities,  by the
provisions hereof that apply to the "Purchasers".

      5.8 No  Third-Party  Beneficiaries.  This  Agreement  is intended  for the
benefit of the parties  hereto and their  respective  successors  and  permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision  hereof be enforced
by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.11.

      5.9 Governing Law. All questions  concerning the  construction,  validity,
enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by
and construed and enforced in accordance  with the internal laws of the State of
New York,  without  regard to the  principles of conflicts of law thereof.  Each
party  agrees  that  all  legal  proceedings   concerning  the  interpretations,
enforcement and defense of the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement and
any other Transaction  Documents  (whether brought against a party hereto or its
respective affiliates,  directors, officers, shareholders,  employees or agents)
shall be commenced  exclusively  in the state and federal  courts sitting in the
City of New  York.  Each  party  hereby  irrevocably  submits  to the  exclusive
jurisdiction  of the state and federal  courts  sitting in the City of New York,
borough  of  Manhattan  for the  adjudication  of any  dispute  hereunder  or in
connection  herewith or with any  transaction  contemplated  hereby or discussed
herein  (including  with respect to the  enforcement  of any of the  Transaction
Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit,
action  or  proceeding,  any  claim  that it is not  personally  subject  to the
jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper
or inconvenient venue for such proceeding.  Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal  service of process and  consents to process  being  served in any such
suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified
mail or  overnight  delivery  (with  evidence of  delivery) to such party at the
address in effect for  notices to it under this  Agreement  and agrees that such
service  shall  constitute  good and  sufficient  service of process  and notice
thereof.  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right
to serve  process in any manner  permitted by law. The parties  hereby waive all
rights  to a trial  by jury.  If  either  party  shall  commence  an  action  or
proceeding to enforce any  provisions  of the  Transaction  Documents,  then the
prevailing  party in such action or proceeding  shall be reimbursed by the other
party for its  attorneys'  fees and other costs and expenses  incurred  with the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.


                                       23
<PAGE>

      5.10 Survival.  The representations and warranties  contained herein shall
survive  the  Closing  and  the  delivery,  exercise  and/or  conversion  of the
Securities, as applicable for the applicable statue of limitations.

      5.11   Execution.   This   Agreement  may  be  executed  in  two  or  more
counterparts,  all of which when taken  together shall be considered one and the
same agreement and shall become effective when  counterparts have been signed by
each party and  delivered  to the other  party,  it being  understood  that both
parties need not sign the same  counterpart.  In the event that any signature is
delivered by facsimile  transmission,  such  signature  shall create a valid and
binding  obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is
executed)  with the same force and effect as if such  facsimile  signature  page
were an original thereof.

      5.12  Severability.  If any  provision  of  this  Agreement  is held to be
invalid or unenforceable in any respect,  the validity and enforceability of the
remaining  terms  and  provisions  of  this  Agreement  shall  not in any way be
affected or impaired  thereby and the parties will attempt to agree upon a valid
and enforceable provision that is a reasonable substitute therefor,  and upon so
agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Agreement.

      5.13  Rescission and  Withdrawal  Right.  Notwithstanding  anything to the
contrary  contained in (and  without  limiting  any similar  provisions  of) the
Transaction  Documents,  whenever  any  Purchaser  exercises a right,  election,
demand or option  under a  Transaction  Document and the Company does not timely
perform its related  obligations within the periods therein provided,  then such
Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon
written notice to the Company, any relevant notice,  demand or election in whole
or in part  without  prejudice  to its  future  actions  and  rights;  provided,
however,  in the case of a rescission of a conversion  of a Note,  the Purchaser
shall be  required  to return  any  shares of Common  Stock  subject to any such
rescinded conversion or exercise notice.

      5.14   Replacement  of  Securities.   If  any  certificate  or  instrument
evidencing any Securities is mutilated,  lost, stolen or destroyed,  the Company
shall  issue or cause to be issued in  exchange  and  substitution  for and upon
cancellation thereof, or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate
or instrument,  but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the
Company  of such  loss,  theft  or  destruction  and  customary  and  reasonable
indemnity,  if requested.  The  applicants  for a new  certificate or instrument
under  such  circumstances  shall  also  pay any  reasonable  third-party  costs
associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

      5.15  Remedies.  In  addition to being  entitled  to  exercise  all rights
provided herein or granted by law,  including  recovery of damages,  each of the
Purchasers  and the Company will be entitled to specific  performance  under the
Transaction  Documents.  The  parties  agree that  monetary  damages  may not be
adequate  compensation  for  any  loss  incurred  by  reason  of any  breach  of
obligations  described in the  foregoing  sentence and hereby agrees to waive in
any action for specific  performance  of any such  obligation the defense that a
remedy at law would be adequate.


                                       24
<PAGE>

      5.16 Payment Set Aside.  To the extent that the Company makes a payment or
payments to any Purchaser  pursuant to any  Transaction  Document or a Purchaser
enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the
proceeds of such  enforcement  or exercise or any part thereof are  subsequently
invalidated,  declared to be fraudulent or  preferential,  set aside,  recovered
from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded,  repaid or otherwise restored
to the  Company,  a  trustee,  receiver  or  any  other  person  under  any  law
(including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common
law or equitable  cause of action),  then to the extent of any such  restoration
the  obligation  or part thereof  originally  intended to be satisfied  shall be
revived and  continued  in full force and effect as if such payment had not been
made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

      5.17 Usury. To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees
not to insist upon or plead or in any manner  whatsoever  claim, and will resist
any and all efforts to be compelled  to take the benefit or advantage  of, usury
laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, in connection with
any claim, action or proceeding that may be brought by any Purchaser in order to
enforce any right or remedy under any Transaction Document.  Notwithstanding any
provision to the contrary contained in any Transaction Document, it is expressly
agreed  and  provided  that  the  total  liability  of  the  Company  under  the
Transaction  Documents  for payments in the nature of interest  shall not exceed
the maximum lawful rate authorized  under  applicable law (the "Maximum  Rate"),
and, without  limiting the foregoing,  in no event shall any rate of interest or
default  interest,  or both of them,  when aggregated with any other sums in the
nature  of  interest  that  the  Company  may  be  obligated  to pay  under  the
Transaction Documents exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum
contract  rate of  interest  allowed by law and  applicable  to the  Transaction
Documents is  increased  or  decreased  by statute or any official  governmental
action subsequent to the date hereof,  the new maximum contract rate of interest
allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to the Transaction  Documents
from the  effective  date  forward,  unless such  application  is  precluded  by
applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the
Maximum  Rate  is  paid  by  the  Company  to  any  Purchaser  with  respect  to
indebtedness  evidenced  by the  Transaction  Documents,  such  excess  shall be
applied  by  such  Purchaser  to  the  unpaid  principal  balance  of  any  such
indebtedness  or be refunded to the Company,  the manner of handling such excess
to be at such Purchaser's election.

      5.18  Independent  Nature  of  Purchasers'  Obligations  and  Rights.  The
obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not
joint with the  obligations of any other  Purchaser,  and no Purchaser  shall be
responsible  in any way for the  performance  of the  obligations  of any  other
Purchaser under any Transaction  Document.  Nothing  contained  herein or in any
Transaction  Document,  and no action taken by any Purchaser  pursuant  thereto,
shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a
joint  venture  or any other kind of entity,  or create a  presumption  that the
Purchasers  are in any way acting in concert or as a group with  respect to such
obligations or the transactions  contemplated by the Transaction Document.  Each
Purchaser  shall be  entitled to  independently  protect and enforce its rights,
including without  limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of
the other  Transaction  Documents,  and it shall not be necessary  for any other
Purchaser  to be  joined  as an  additional  party  in any  proceeding  for such
purpose.  Each Purchaser has been  represented by its own separate legal counsel
in their review and  negotiation of the  Transaction  Documents.  For reasons of
administrative  convenience only,  Purchasers and their respective  counsel have
chosen to communicate  with the Company through KW. KW does not represent all of
the Purchasers but only DCOFI Master LDC. The Company has elected to provide all
Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction  Documents for the convenience of
the  Company  and not  because  it was  required  or  requested  to do so by the
Purchasers.


                                       25
<PAGE>

      5.19  Liquidated  Damages.  The Company's  obligations  to pay any partial
liquidated  damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction  Documents is a
continuing  obligation of the Company and shall not  terminate  until all unpaid
partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid  notwithstanding the
fact that the instrument or security  pursuant to which such partial  liquidated
damages or other amounts are due and payable shall have been canceled.

                            (Signature Pages Follow)


                                       26
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties  hereto  have  caused  this  Securities
Purchase   Agreement  to  be  duly  executed  by  their  respective   authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

KNOBIAS, INC.                              Address for Notice:
                                           -------------------

                                           Building 2, Suite 500
/s/ E. KEY RAMSEY                          875 Northpark Drive
- -----------------
E. Key Ramsey                              Ridgeland, Mississippi  39157
President
                                           Telephone:       (601) 978-3399
                                           Facsimile:       (601) 978-3675

With a copy to (which shall not            WATKINS & EAGER PLLC
constitute notice):                        400 East Capitol Street, Suite 300
                                           Jackson, Mississippi  39201
                                           Telephone:       (601) 948-6470
                                           Facsimile:       (601) 354-3623

                                           Attention:       James A. Lowe, III

                   [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
                      SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]


                                       27
<PAGE>

      [PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO KNOBIAS SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the undersigned have caused this Securities  Purchase
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective  authorized  signatories as of
the date first indicated above.


Name of Investing Entity: DCOFI Master LDC
                          ------------------------------------------------------
Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: /s/ JEFFREY M. HAAS
                                                       -------------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: Jeffrey M. Haas
                              --------------------------------------------------
Title of Authorized Signatory: Senior Vice-President
                               -------------------------------------------------
Email Address of Authorized Entity:
                                   ---------------------------------------------

Address for Notice of Investing Entity:

DCOFI Master LDC
Attn:  Jeffrey Haas
830 Third Avenue, 14th Floor
New York, New York 10022


Address for Delivery of Securities for Investing Entity (if not same as above):

Same



Subscription Amount: $275,000
EIN Number:  [PROVIDE THIS UNDER SEPARATE COVER]

                           [SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]


                                       28

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>v010494_ex4-2.txt
<TEXT>

EXHIBIT 4.2

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE
HAVE  BEEN  REGISTERED  WITH  THE  SECURITIES  AND  EXCHANGE  COMMISSION  OR THE
SECURITIES   COMMISSION  OF  ANY  STATE  IN  RELIANCE  UPON  AN  EXEMPTION  FROM
REGISTRATION  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OF 1933,  AS AMENDED  (THE  "SECURITIES
ACT"),  AND,  ACCORDINGLY,  MAY NOT BE OFFERED  OR SOLD  EXCEPT  PURSUANT  TO AN
EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
AVAILABLE  EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE  REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS  OF THE  SECURITIES  ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE  WITH  APPLICABLE  STATE
SECURITIES  LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO
SUCH  EFFECT,  THE  SUBSTANCE  OF WHICH SHALL BE  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE  TO THE
COMPANY.  THIS  SECURITY  MAY BE PLEDGED IN  CONNECTION  WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN
ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

Original Issue Date: December 15, 2004

                                                                     $275,000.00

             12% SENIOR SUBORDINATED SECURED NOTE DUE JUNE 15, 2005

      THIS NOTE is one of a series of duly  authorized  and  issued  12%  Senior
Subordinated Secured Notes of Knobias,  Inc., a Delaware  corporation,  having a
principal  place of business at 875 Northpark  Drive,  Ridgeland,  MS 39157 (the
"Company"), designated as its 12% Senior Subordinated Secured Note, due June 15,
2005 (the "Note(s)").

      FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises to pay to DCOFI MASTER LDC or its
registered assigns (the "Holder"),  the principal sum of $275,000.00 on June 15,
2005 or such earlier date as the Notes are required or permitted to be repaid as
provided  hereunder (the "Maturity Date"),  and to pay interest to the Holder on
the aggregate  unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of this Note in
accordance  with the  provisions  hereof.  This Note is subject to the following
additional provisions:

      Section 1. Definitions.  For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms
defined  elsewhere in this Note:  (a)  capitalized  terms not otherwise  defined
herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Purchase Agreement,  and (b)
the following terms shall have the following meanings:

            "Alternate  Consideration"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth in
      Section 4(c).

            "Balance"  means the difference  between  $500,000 and the aggregate
      amount of the Company's 12% Secured Notes due June 15, 2005 outstanding.


                                       1
<PAGE>

            "Business  Day"  means any day except  Saturday,  Sunday and any day
      which shall be a federal  legal  holiday in the United  States or a day on
      which  banking  institutions  in the State of New York are  authorized  or
      required by law or other government action to close.

            "Change of Control  Transaction"  means the occurrence of any of (i)
      an  acquisition  after the date hereof by an individual or legal entity or
      "group" (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1)  promulgated  under the Exchange
      Act) of effective  control (whether through legal or beneficial  ownership
      of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of
      33% of the voting securities of the Company,  or (ii) a replacement at one
      time or within a three year period of more than one-half of the members of
      the  Company's  board of directors  which is not approved by a majority of
      those  individuals  who are members of the board of  directors on the date
      hereof (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the board of
      directors  on any date  whose  nomination  to the board of  directors  was
      approved by a majority of the  members of the board of  directors  who are
      members on the date  hereof),  or (iii) the execution by the Company of an
      agreement  to which  the  Company  is a party  or by  which  it is  bound,
      providing for any of the events set forth above in (i) or (ii).

            "Common  Stock"  means the common  stock,  $ .01 par  value,  of the
      Company and stock of any other class into which such shares may  hereafter
      have been reclassified or changed.

            "Event of Default" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.

            "Exchange  Act"  means  the  Securities  Exchange  Act of  1934,  as
      amended.

            "Fundamental  Transaction"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth in
      Section 4(c) hereof.

            "Late Fees" shall have the meaning set forth in the second paragraph
      to this Note.

            "Mandatory  Prepayment  Amount" for any Notes shall equal the sum of
      (i) (A) 100% of the  principal  amount  of Notes to be  prepaid,  plus all
      accrued and unpaid interest  thereon if such prepayment  shall occur on or
      before ninety (90) days from the date hereof, or (B) 105% of the principal
      amount  of Notes to be  prepaid,  plus all  accrued  and  unpaid  interest
      thereon if such  prepayment  shall occur  after  ninety (90) days from the
      date  hereof and prior to the  Maturity  Date and (ii) all other  amounts,
      costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect of such Notes.

            "Original  Issue Date" shall mean the date of the first  issuance of
      the Notes regardless of the number of transfers of any Note and regardless
      of the number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Note.

            "Penalty  Shares"  means 100,000  shares of registered  Common Stock
      issuable to the Holder in accordance with the terms herein.


                                       2
<PAGE>

            "Person"  means  a  corporation,   an  association,  a  partnership,
      organization,  a  business,  an  individual,  a  government  or  political
      subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.

            "Purchase Agreement" means the Securities Purchase Agreement,  dated
      as of December 15, 2004, to which the Company and the original  Holder are
      parties,  as  amended,  modified  or  supplemented  from  time  to time in
      accordance with its terms.

            "Securities  Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,  and
      the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

            "Subsidiary"  shall  have  the  meaning  given  to such  term in the
      Purchase Agreement.

            "Trading  Day" means a day on which the Common  Stock is traded on a
      Trading Market.

            "Trading  Market" means the following  markets or exchanges on which
      the Common  Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question:
      the Nasdaq  SmallCap  Market,  the American Stock  Exchange,  the New York
      Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq National Market or the OTC Bulletin Board.

            "Transaction  Documents"  shall  have the  meaning  set forth in the
      Purchase Agreement.

      Section 2. Interest and Prepayments.

            a) Payment of Interest in Cash.  The Company  shall pay  interest to
      the Holder on the aggregate and outstanding  principal amount of this Note
      at the rate of 12% per annum,  payable monthly in cash on the first day of
      each month, beginning on the first such date after the Original Issue Date
      and on the Maturity  Date (except that, if any such date is not a Business
      Day, then such payment shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day).

            b) Payment of Unused Line Fee.  The Company  shall pay a fee in cash
      to the Holder equal to 4% per annum on the Balance  until such time as the
      Purchaser  delivers the Balance to the Company.  This fee shall be payable
      monthly on the first day of each month,  beginning  on the first such date
      after the Original  Issue Date and on the Maturity  Date (except  that, if
      any such date is not a Business Day, then such payment shall be due on the
      next succeeding Business Day).

            c) Late Fee.  All  overdue  accrued  and unpaid  interest to be paid
      hereunder  shall  entail a late fee at the rate of 20% per  annum (or such
      lower maximum amount of interest  permitted to be charged under applicable
      law) ("Late Fee") which will accrue daily,  from the date such interest is
      due hereunder through and including the date of payment.


                                       3
<PAGE>

            d) Optional Prepayment.  The Company shall have the right to prepay,
      in  cash,  all or a  portion  of the  Notes  for an  amount  equal to such
      percentage  of the  principal  amount to be repaid as set forth in (i) and
      (ii) below, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon:

                  (i) In the event  that the Notes  are  prepaid  on or prior to
      ninety (90) days from the date hereof, the prepayment shall be 100%.

                  (ii) In the event  that the Notes are  prepaid  after o ninety
      (90) days from the date hereof, the prepayment shall be 105%.

            e)  Mandatory  Prepayment.  In the  event  that the  Company  or its
      Subsidiaries  sell  debt or  equity  securities  of any kind  and  receive
      proceeds in excess of $2,000,000 from such sale (regardless of whether the
      proceeds are received through one or more transactions),  upon the closing
      of any such transaction,  the Company shall be required to repay, in cash,
      all of the Notes in such  percentages as set forth in Sections 2(d)(i) and
      (ii) above, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon.

      Section 3. Registration of Transfers and Exchanges.

            a) Different  Denominations.  This Note is exchangeable for an equal
      aggregate principal amount of Notes of different authorized denominations,
      as requested by the Holder  surrendering  the same. No service charge will
      be made for such registration of transfer or exchange.

            b) Investment Representations.  This Note has been issued subject to
      certain investment representations of the original Holder set forth in the
      Purchase  Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance
      with the Purchase  Agreement and applicable  federal and state  securities
      laws and regulations.

            c)  Reliance  on Note  Register.  Prior  to due  presentment  to the
      Company  for  transfer  of this  Note,  the  Company  and any agent of the
      Company may treat the Person in whose name this Note is duly registered on
      the Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment
      as herein provided and for all other purposes, whether or not this Note is
      overdue,  and  neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by
      notice to the contrary.

      Section 4. Certain Adjustments.

            a) Stock  Dividends  and Stock Splits.  If the Company,  at any time
      while the  Notes  are  outstanding:  (A)  shall  pay a stock  dividend  or
      otherwise make a  distribution  or  distributions  on shares of its Common
      Stock or any other  equity  or equity  equivalent  securities  payable  in
      shares of Common Stock, (B) subdivide  outstanding  shares of Common Stock
      into a larger number of shares,  (C) combine  (including by way of reverse
      stock split)  outstanding  shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of
      shares, or (D) issue by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any
      shares of capital stock of the Company,  then the Penalty  Shares shall be
      adjusted  accordingly.  Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section shall
      become effective  immediately  after the record date for the determination
      of  stockholders  entitled to receive such  dividend or  distribution  and
      shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of
      a subdivision, combination or re-classification.


                                       4
<PAGE>

            b) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 4 shall be made
      to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
      The number of shares of Common Stock  outstanding  at any given time shall
      not include  shares of Common Stock owned or held by or for the account of
      the Company,  and the description of any such shares of Common Stock shall
      be  considered  one issue or sale of Common  Stock.  For  purposes of this
      Section  4, the number of shares of Common  Stock  deemed to be issued and
      outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of
      Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

            c)  Fundamental  Transaction.  If,  at any time  while  this Note is
      outstanding,  (A) the Company effects any merger or  consolidation  of the
      Company  with or into  another  Person,  other  than the  Merger,  (B) the
      Company effects any sale of all or substantially  all of its assets in one
      or a series of  related  transactions,  (C) any tender  offer or  exchange
      offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed  pursuant to
      which  holders of Common Stock are  permitted to tender or exchange  their
      shares for other securities,  cash or property, or (D) the Company effects
      any  reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange
      pursuant  to which  the  Common  Stock is  effectively  converted  into or
      exchanged  for other  securities,  cash or property  (in any such case,  a
      "Fundamental Transaction"),  then upon issuance of the Penalty Shares, the
      Holder shall have the right to receive,  for each Penalty Share that would
      have been issuable absent such Fundamental Transaction,  the same kind and
      amount of  securities,  cash or property as it would have been entitled to
      receive upon the  occurrence  of such  Fundamental  Transaction  if it had
      been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of one
      share of Common  Stock  (the  "Alternate  Consideration").  If  holders of
      Common Stock are given any choice as to the  securities,  cash or property
      to be  received in a  Fundamental  Transaction,  then the Holder  shall be
      given the same choice as to the Alternate  Consideration  it receives upon
      issuance of the Penalty Shares following such Fundamental Transaction.  To
      the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor
      to the Company or surviving entity in such Fundamental  Transaction  shall
      issue to the Holder a new note consistent  with the foregoing  provisions.
      The terms of any agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental  Transaction is
      effected  shall  include terms  requiring any such  successor or surviving
      entity to comply with the  provisions  of this  paragraph (c) and insuring
      that  this  Note  (or any such  replacement  security)  will be  similarly
      adjusted  upon  any  subsequent  transaction  analogous  to a  Fundamental
      Transaction.

      Section 6.  Penalty  Share  Issuance.  In addition to all of the  remedies
available to the Holder  pursuant to Section 8, in the event that the  principal
amount of the Note, together with all accrued, but unpaid,  interest is not paid
within two (2) Trading Days of the Maturity  Date,  the Company  shall issue the
Penalty Shares to the Holder.


                                       5
<PAGE>

      Section  7.  Negative  Covenants.  So long as any  portion of this Note is
outstanding, the Company will not and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to
directly or indirectly:

            a) enter  into,  create,  incur,  assume  or  suffer  to  exist  any
      indebtedness  or  liens  of any  kind,  on or with  respect  to any of its
      property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein
      or any income or profits  therefrom that is senior to, or pari passu with,
      in any respect,  the Company's  obligations  under the Notes;

            b) amend its certificate of  incorporation,  bylaws or other charter
      documents so as to adversely affect any rights of the Holder;

            c) repay,  repurchase  or offer to repay,  repurchase  or  otherwise
      acquire  any of  its  Common  Stock,  Preferred  Stock,  or  other  equity
      securities; or

            d) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

      Section 8. Events of Default.

            a) "Event of Default",  wherever  used herein,  means any one of the
      following events (whatever the reason and whether it shall be voluntary or
      involuntary  or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any  judgment,
      decree or order of any court,  or any  order,  rule or  regulation  of any
      administrative or governmental body):

                  i. any default in the payment of (A) the  principal  of amount
            of any Note, or (B) interest (including Late Fees) on, or damages in
            respect   of,  any  Note,   in  each  case  free  of  any  claim  of
            subordination,  as and when the same shall  become  due and  payable
            (whether on the Maturity Date or by acceleration or otherwise) which
            default,  solely in the case of an interest payment or other default
            under clause (B) above, is not cured, within 2 Trading Days;

                  ii. the  Company  shall  fail to observe or perform  any other
            covenant  or  agreement  contained  in this Note or any of the other
            Transaction  Documents  which  failure is not cured,  if possible to
            cure, within the earlier to occur of (A) 5 Trading Days after notice
            of such default sent by the Holder or by any other Holder and (B) 10
            Trading  Days after the Company  shall  become or should have become
            aware of such failure;

                  iii. a default or event of  default  (subject  to any grace or
            cure period  provided for in the applicable  agreement,  document or
            instrument)  shall occur under (A) any of the Transaction  Documents
            other than the Notes,  or (B) any other material  agreement,  lease,
            document or  instrument  to which the Company or any  Subsidiary  is
            bound;


                                       6
<PAGE>

                  iv. any  representation  or warranty made herein, in any other
            Transaction  Document,  in any written statement  pursuant hereto or
            thereto, or in any other report,  financial statement or certificate
            made or  delivered  to the Holder or any other holder of Notes shall
            be untrue or incorrect  in any material  respect as of the date when
            made or deemed made;

                  v. (i) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries  shall commence,
            or  there  shall  be  commenced  against  the  Company  or any  such
            Subsidiary,  a case under any  applicable  bankruptcy  or insolvency
            laws as now or hereafter in effect or any successor thereto,  or the
            Company or any Subsidiary  commences any other  proceeding under any
            reorganization,  arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors,
            dissolution,  insolvency  or  liquidation  or  similar  law  of  any
            jurisdiction  whether  now or  hereafter  in effect  relating to the
            Company or any Subsidiary thereof or (ii) there is commenced against
            the  Company  or  any  Subsidiary   thereof  any  such   bankruptcy,
            insolvency  or other  proceeding  which  remains  undismissed  for a
            period of 60 days; or (iii) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof is
            adjudicated  by a  court  of  competent  jurisdiction  insolvent  or
            bankrupt;  or any order of relief or other order  approving any such
            case or proceeding is entered; or (iv) the Company or any Subsidiary
            thereof  suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it
            or any substantial part of its property which continues undischarged
            or  unstayed  for a period  of 60 days;  or (v) the  Company  or any
            Subsidiary  thereof  makes a general  assignment  for the benefit of
            creditors;  or (vi) the  Company  shall fail to pay,  or shall state
            that it is  unable  to pay,  or shall be  unable  to pay,  its debts
            generally as they become due; or (vii) the Company or any Subsidiary
            thereof  shall  call a  meeting  of  its  creditors  with a view  to
            arranging a composition,  adjustment or  restructuring of its debts;
            or (viii) the Company or any Subsidiary  thereof shall by any act or
            failure to act  expressly  indicate  its consent to,  approval of or
            acquiescence in any of the foregoing; or (ix) any corporate or other
            action is taken by the  Company or any  Subsidiary  thereof  for the
            purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;

                  vi. the Company or any Subsidiary  shall default in any of its
            obligations under any mortgage,  credit agreement or other facility,
            indenture  agreement,  factoring agreement or other instrument under
            which  there may be  issued,  or by which  there may be  secured  or
            evidenced any indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any
            long term  leasing or  factoring  arrangement  of the  Company in an
            amount exceeding  $150,000,  whether such indebtedness now exists or
            shall  hereafter  be created and such  default  shall result in such
            indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the
            date on which it would otherwise become due and payable;

                  vii. the Common  Stock shall not be eligible for  quotation on
            or quoted  for  trading  on a Trading  Market and shall not again be
            eligible  for and quoted or listed for trading  thereon  within five
            Trading Days;


                                       7
<PAGE>

                  viii.  the  Company  shall be a party to any Change of Control
            Transaction  or  Fundamental  Transaction,  shall  agree  to sell or
            dispose  of all or in  excess  of 33% of its  assets  in one or more
            transactions  (whether or not such sale would constitute a Change of
            Control  Transaction)  or shall redeem or repurchase  more than a de
            minimis  number of its  outstanding  shares of Common Stock or other
            equity  securities of the Company (other than  repurchases of shares
            of Common Stock or other equity securities of departing officers and
            directors of the Company; provided such repurchases shall not exceed
            $100,000,  in the aggregate,  for all officers and directors  during
            the term of this Note);

            b) Remedies Upon Event of Default.  If any Event of Default  occurs,
      the full principal  amount of this Note,  together with interest and other
      amounts  owing  in  respect  thereof,  to the date of  acceleration  shall
      become, at the Holder's election, immediately due and payable in cash. The
      aggregate  amount  payable upon an Event of Default  shall be equal to the
      Mandatory Prepayment Amount. Commencing 5 days after the occurrence of any
      Event of Default that results in the eventual  acceleration  of this Note,
      the interest  rate on this Note shall accrue at the rate of 20% per annum,
      or such lower  maximum  amount of interest  permitted to be charged  under
      applicable law. All Notes for which the full Mandatory  Prepayment  Amount
      hereunder  shall have been paid in accordance  herewith  shall promptly be
      surrendered to or as directed by the Company.  The Holder need not provide
      and the Company hereby waives any  presentment,  demand,  protest or other
      notice of any kind, and the Holder may immediately and without  expiration
      of any  grace  period  enforce  any and  all of its  rights  and  remedies
      hereunder and all other  remedies  available to it under  applicable  law.
      Such declaration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder at any time prior
      to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a Note holder
      until such time, if any, as the full payment under this Section shall have
      been  received by it. No such  rescission  or  annulment  shall affect any
      subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

      Section 9. Miscellaneous.

            a)  Notices.   Any  and  all  notices  or  other  communications  or
      deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder shall be in writing and
      delivered  personally,  by  facsimile,  sent  by a  nationally  recognized
      overnight  courier service,  addressed to the Company,  at the address set
      forth  above,  facsimile  number  (601)  978-3675,  ATTN:  E. KEY  RAMSEY,
      PRESIDENT,  or such other  address or facsimile  number as the Company may
      specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders delivered in accordance
      with  this  Section.  Any and  all  notices  or  other  communications  or
      deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and
      delivered  personally,  by  facsimile,  sent  by a  nationally  recognized
      overnight  courier  service  addressed  to each  Holder  at the  facsimile
      telephone  number or address of such Holder  appearing on the books of the
      Company,  or if no such facsimile  telephone number or address appears, at
      the  principal  place of  business  of the  Holder.  Any  notice  or other
      communication or deliveries  hereunder shall be deemed given and effective
      on the  earliest  of (i) the  date of  transmission,  if  such  notice  or
      communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile telephone number
      specified in this Section  prior to 5:30 p.m.  (New York City time),  (ii)
      the date after the date of  transmission,  if such notice or communication
      is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile  telephone number specified in
      this  Section  later  than 5:30 p.m.  (New York City time) on any date and
      earlier  than  11:59 p.m.  (New York City  time) on such  date,  (iii) the
      second  Business Day following the date of mailing,  if sent by nationally
      recognized  overnight courier service,  or (iv) upon actual receipt by the
      party to whom such notice is required to be given.


                                       8
<PAGE>

            b) Absolute  Obligation.  Except as expressly  provided  herein,  no
      provision  of this  Note  shall  alter or  impair  the  obligation  of the
      Company,  which is absolute and  unconditional,  to pay the  principal of,
      interest and liquidated damages (if any) on, this Note at the time, place,
      and rate, and in the coin or currency,  herein prescribed.  This Note is a
      direct debt obligation of the Company. This Note ranks pari passu with all
      other Notes now or hereafter issued under the terms set forth herein

            c) Lost or Mutilated  Note. If this Note shall be  mutilated,  lost,
      stolen or destroyed,  the Company  shall execute and deliver,  in exchange
      and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Note, or in lieu
      of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed Note, a new Note for
      the principal amount of this Note so mutilated,  lost, stolen or destroyed
      but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss,  theft or  destruction  of
      such Note, and of the ownership hereof, and indemnity,  if requested,  all
      reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

            d)  Security  Interest/Subordination.  This  Note is a  direct  debt
      obligation  of the Company  and,  pursuant to the  Security  Agreement  is
      secured by a second  priority  perfected  security  interest in all of the
      assets of the Company for the benefit of the Holders.  The  obligations of
      the  Company to the Holders  are  subordinated  in right of payment to the
      obligations  owing to the  holders of the 8% Senior  Subordinated  Secured
      Convertible Notes of the Company.

            e)  Governing  Law.  All  questions   concerning  the  construction,
      validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Note shall be governed by
      and  construed  and enforced in  accordance  with the internal laws of the
      State of New York,  without  regard to the  principles of conflicts of law
      thereof.  Each party  agrees  that all legal  proceedings  concerning  the
      interpretations,  enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
      by any of the  Transaction  Documents  (whether  brought  against  a party
      hereto or its respective affiliates,  directors,  officers,  shareholders,
      employees or agents)  shall be  commenced in the state and federal  courts
      sitting  in the City of New  York,  Borough  of  Manhattan  (the "New York
      Courts").  Each party hereto hereby  irrevocably  submits to the exclusive
      jurisdiction  of the New York Courts for the  adjudication  of any dispute
      hereunder or in connection  herewith or with any transaction  contemplated
      hereby or discussed  herein  (including with respect to the enforcement of
      any of the Transaction  Documents),  and hereby  irrevocably  waives,  and
      agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding,  any claim that it
      is not personally  subject to the  jurisdiction of any such court, or such
      New York Courts are improper or  inconvenient  venue for such  proceeding.
      Each party  hereby  irrevocably  waives  personal  service of process  and
      consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by
      mailing a copy  thereof via  registered  or  certified  mail or  overnight
      delivery  (with  evidence  of  delivery)  to such party at the  address in
      effect for  notices to it under  this Note and  agrees  that such  service
      shall  constitute  good and  sufficient  service  of  process  and  notice
      thereof.  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
      right to serve  process in any manner  permitted by law. Each party hereto
      hereby  irrevocably  waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
      law,  any and all right to trial by jury in any legal  proceeding  arising
      out of or relating to this Note or the transactions  contemplated  hereby.
      If either  party  shall  commence an action or  proceeding  to enforce any
      provisions  of this  Note,  then the  prevailing  party in such  action or
      proceeding  shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys  fees
      and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,  preparation
      and prosecution of such action or proceeding.


                                       9
<PAGE>

            f) Waiver.  Any  waiver by the  Company or the Holder of a breach of
      any  provision  of this Note shall not operate as or be  construed to be a
      waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other
      provision of this Note. The failure of the Company or the Holder to insist
      upon strict  adherence  to any term of this Note on one or more  occasions
      shall  not be  considered  a waiver  or  deprive  that  party of the right
      thereafter to insist upon strict  adherence to that term or any other term
      of this Note. Any waiver must be in writing.

            g) Severability.  If any provision of this Note is invalid,  illegal
      or unenforceable,  the balance of this Note shall remain in effect, and if
      any  provision is  inapplicable  to any person or  circumstance,  it shall
      nevertheless remain applicable to all other persons and circumstances.  If
      it shall be found that any  interest or other amount  deemed  interest due
      hereunder violates applicable laws governing usury, the applicable rate of
      interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum
      permitted rate of interest.  The Company  covenants (to the extent that it
      may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon,  plead,  or
      in any manner  whatsoever  claim or take the benefit or advantage  of, any
      stay,  extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive
      the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest
      on this Note as contemplated herein,  wherever enacted, now or at any time
      hereafter in force,  or which may affect the covenants or the  performance
      of this  indenture,  and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so)
      hereby  expressly  waives all  benefits or  advantage of any such law, and
      covenants  that it will not, by resort to any such law,  hinder,  delay or
      impeded the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder,  but will
      suffer and permit  the  execution  of every such as though no such law has
      been enacted.

            h) Next  Business  Day.  Whenever  any  payment or other  obligation
      hereunder  shall be due on a day other than a Business  Day,  such payment
      shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

            i) Headings. The headings contained herein are for convenience only,
      do not  constitute a part of this Note and shall not be deemed to limit or
      affect any of the provisions hereof.

                              *********************


                                       10
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed
by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated.


                                          KNOBIAS, INC.


                                          /s/ E. KEY RAMSEY
                                          -----------------
                                          E. Key Ramsey, President


                                       11

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>v010494_ex4-3.txt
<TEXT>

EXHIBIT 4.3

                               SECURITY AGREEMENT

      SECURITY  AGREEMENT,  dated as of December  15,  2004 (this  "Agreement"),
among Knobias,  Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company" or the "Debtor") and
the holder or holders of the Company's 12% Senior Subordinated Secured Notes due
June 15, 2005 in the aggregate principal amount of up to $500,000 (the "Notes"),
signatory  hereto,  their  endorsees,   transferees  and  assigns  (collectively
referred to as, the "Secured Parties").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

      WHEREAS,  pursuant to the Notes, the Secured Parties have severally agreed
to extend the loans to the Company evidenced by the Notes; and

      WHEREAS,  in order to induce  the  Secured  Parties  to  extend  the loans
evidenced  by the Notes,  the Debtor  has agreed to execute  and  deliver to the
Secured Parties this Agreement and to grant the Secured Parties, pari passu with
each other Secured Party, but subject to the liens granted to the holders of the
8%  Secured  Convertible  Notes of the  Company  due  November  1, 2006 (the "8%
Convertible  Notes") a second priority  perfected  security  interest in certain
property of such Debtor to secure the prompt payment,  performance and discharge
in full of all of the Company's obligations under the Notes.

      NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the agreements  herein contained and
for other good and valuable consideration,  the receipt and sufficiency of which
is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

      1. CERTAIN  DEFINITIONS.  As used in this  Agreement,  the following terms
shall  have  the  meanings  set  forth in this  Section  1.  Terms  used but not
otherwise  defined in this  Agreement  that are  defined in Article 9 of the UCC
(such as "account", "chattel paper", "commercial tort claim", "deposit account",
"document",    "equipment",    "fixtures",   "general   intangibles",   "goods",
"instruments",  "inventory",  "investment property",  "letter-of-credit rights",
"proceeds" and  "supporting  obligations")  shall have the  respective  meanings
given such terms in Article 9 of the UCC.

            (a)  "Collateral"  means the collateral in which the Secured Parties
      are granted a security  interest by this Agreement and which shall include
      the following personal property of the Debtors, whether presently owned or
      existing  or  hereafter  acquired  or  coming  into  existence,   wherever
      situated,  and all additions and accessions  thereto and all substitutions
      and replacements thereof, and all proceeds, products and accounts thereof,
      including,  without limitation,  all proceeds from the sale or transfer of
      the Collateral  and of insurance  covering the same and of any tort claims
      in  connection  therewith,  and  all  dividends,  interest,  cash,  notes,
      securities, equity interest or other property at any time and from time to
      time  acquired,  receivable or otherwise  distributed in respect of, or in
      exchange for, any or all of the Pledged Securities (as defined below):


                                       1
<PAGE>

                  (i)  All  goods,  including,   without  limitations,  (A)  all
            machinery,  equipment,  computers,  motor vehicles,  trucks,  tanks,
            boats,  ships,  appliances,  furniture,  special and general  tools,
            fixtures,  test and quality  control  devices and other equipment of
            every kind and  nature  and  wherever  situated,  together  with all
            documents  of  title  and  documents   representing  the  same,  all
            additions and accessions thereto,  replacements  therefor, all parts
            therefor, and all substitutes for any of the foregoing and all other
            items used and useful in connection with any Debtor's businesses and
            all improvements thereto; and (B) all inventory;

                  (ii)  All  contract  rights  and  other  general  intangibles,
            including, without limitation, all partnership interests, membership
            interests,  stock  or  other  securities,  rights  under  any of the
            Organizational   Documents,   agreements   related  to  the  Pledged
            Securities,  licenses,  distribution and other agreements,  computer
            software (whether "off-the-shelf",  licensed from any third party or
            developed  by any Debtor),  computer  software  development  rights,
            leases,  franchises,  customer lists,  quality  control  procedures,
            grants  and  rights,  goodwill,  trademarks,  service  marks,  trade
            styles,  trade  names,  patents,  patent  applications,  copyrights,
            Intellectual Property, and income tax refunds;

                  (iii)  All  accounts,  together  with  all  instruments,   all
            documents of title representing any of the foregoing,  all rights in
            any merchandising, goods, equipment, motor vehicles and trucks which
            any of the same may represent,  and all right,  title,  security and
            guaranties  with  respect to each  account,  including  any right of
            stoppage in transit;

                  (iv) All documents,  letter-of-credit rights,  instruments and
            chattel paper;

                  (v) All commercial tort claims;

                  (vi)  All  deposit  accounts  and  all  cash  (whether  or not
            deposited in such deposit accounts);

                  (vii) All investment property;

                  (viii) All supporting obligations; and

                  (ix) All files,  records,  books of account,  business papers,
            and computer programs; and


                                       2
<PAGE>

                  (x)  the  products  and  proceeds  of  all  of  the  foregoing
            Collateral set forth in clauses (i)-(ix) above.

                  Without   limiting  the  generality  of  the  foregoing,   the
            "Collateral"  shall  include  all  investment  property  and general
            intangibles  respecting  ownership  and/or other equity interests in
            each  Subsidiary,  including,  without  limitation,  the  shares  of
            capital  stock and the other equity  interests  listed on Schedule H
            hereto (as the same may be  modified  from time to time  pursuant to
            the terms  hereof),  and any other  shares of capital  stock  and/or
            other equity interests of any other direct or indirect subsidiary of
            any  Debtor  obtained  in  the  future,   and,  in  each  case,  all
            certificates  representing  such shares and/or equity interests and,
            in each case, all rights, options, warrants, stock, other securities
            and/or equity  interests that may hereafter be received,  receivable
            or distributed in respect of, or exchanged for, any of the foregoing
            (all of the  foregoing  being  referred  to herein  as the  "Pledged
            Securities")  and all rights arising under or in connection with the
            Pledged  Securities,  including,  but not limited to, all dividends,
            interest and cash.

                  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  nothing herein shall be deemed
            to constitute  an assignment of any asset which,  in the event of an
            assignment,  becomes  void by  operation  of  applicable  law or the
            assignment of which is otherwise  prohibited  by applicable  law (in
            each case to the extent that such  applicable  law is not overridden
            by Sections  9-406,  9-407 and/or 9-408 of the UCC or other  similar
            applicable law); provided,  however, that to the extent permitted by
            applicable  law,  this  Agreement  shall  create  a  valid  security
            interest in such asset and, to the extent  permitted  by  applicable
            law, this Agreement  shall create a valid  security  interest in the
            proceeds of such asset.

            (b)  "Intellectual  Property" means the collective  reference to all
      rights,  priorities  and  privileges  relating to  intellectual  property,
      whether  arising  under United  States,  multinational  or foreign laws or
      otherwise, including, without limitation, (i) all copyrights arising under
      the  laws  of the  United  States,  any  other  country  or any  political
      subdivision  thereof,  whether  registered  or  unregistered  and  whether
      published or unpublished,  all registrations and recordings  thereof,  and
      all applications in connection therewith,  including,  without limitation,
      all  registrations,  recordings  and  applications  in the  United  States
      Copyright Office,  (ii) all letters patent of the United States, any other
      country or any political  subdivision thereof, all reissues and extensions
      thereof,  and all  applications for letters patent of the United States or
      any    other    country    and   all    divisions,    continuations    and
      continuations-in-part   thereof,   (iii)  all  trademarks,   trade  names,
      corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business names,
      trade  dress,  service  marks,  logos,  domain  names and other  source or
      business identifiers,  and all goodwill associated therewith, now existing
      or  hereafter  adopted  or  acquired,  all  registrations  and  recordings
      thereof,  and all  applications  in connection  therewith,  whether in the
      United  States  Patent and  Trademark  Office or in any similar  office or
      agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other country or any
      political  subdivision  thereof,  or otherwise,  and all common law rights
      related  thereto,  (iv) all trade  secrets  arising  under the laws of the
      United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, (v)
      all  rights  to  obtain  any  reissues,  renewals  or  extensions  of  the
      foregoing,  (vi) all  licenses  for any of the  foregoing,  and  (vii) all
      causes of action for infringement of the foregoing.


                                       3
<PAGE>

            (c) "Majority in Interest" shall mean, at any time of determination,
      the majority in interest (based on  then-outstanding  principal amounts of
      Notes at the time of such determination) of the Secured Parties.

            (d) "Necessary Endorsement" shall mean undated stock powers endorsed
      in blank or other proper  instruments of assignment duly executed and such
      other  instruments  or  documents  as the Secured  Parties may  reasonably
      request.

            (e) "Obligations"  means all of the Debtors'  obligations under this
      Agreement,  the  Notes  and any  other  instruments,  agreements  or other
      documents  executed and/or delivered in connection  herewith or therewith,
      in each case, whether now or hereafter existing, voluntary or involuntary,
      direct or indirect,  absolute or contingent,  liquidated or  unliquidated,
      whether or not jointly owed with  others,  and whether or not from time to
      time decreased or extinguished and later  increased,  created or incurred,
      and all or any portion of such  obligations or liabilities  that are paid,
      to the  extent all or any part of such  payment  is  avoided or  recovered
      directly or  indirectly  from any of the Secured  Parties as a preference,
      fraudulent  transfer  or  otherwise  as such  obligations  may be amended,
      supplemented,  converted,  extended or modified from time to time. Without
      limiting the generality of the  foregoing,  the term  "Obligations"  shall
      include,  without limitation:  (i) principal of, and interest on the Notes
      and the loans  extended  pursuant  thereto;  (ii) any and all other  fees,
      indemnities,  costs,  obligations and liabilities of the Debtors from time
      to time  under or in  connection  with this  Agreement,  the Notes and any
      other instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered
      in connection herewith or therewith;  and (iii) all amounts (including but
      not limited to  post-petition  interest) in respect of the foregoing  that
      would be payable but for the fact that the obligations to pay such amounts
      are  unenforceable  or not allowable due to the existence of a bankruptcy,
      reorganization or similar proceeding involving any Debtor.

            (f) "Organizational Documents" means with respect to any Debtor, the
      documents by which such Debtor was  organized  (such as a  certificate  of
      incorporation,   certificate   of  limited   partnership  or  articles  of
      organization,  and including,  without  limitation,  any  certificates  of
      designation  for preferred  stock or other forms of preferred  equity) and
      which relate to the internal  governance of such Debtor (such as bylaws, a
      partnership  agreement  or an  operating,  limited  liability  or  members
      agreement).


                                       4
<PAGE>

            (g) "UCC" means the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York
      and  or any  other  applicable  law  of any  state  or  states  which  has
      jurisdiction  with  respect to all, or any portion of, the  Collateral  or
      this  Agreement,  from time to time.  It is the intent of the parties that
      defined  terms in the UCC should be construed in their  broadest  sense so
      that  the term  "Collateral"  will be  construed  in its  broadest  sense.
      Accordingly  if there are, from time to time,  changes to defined terms in
      the UCC that broaden the definitions,  they are incorporated herein and if
      existing  definitions in the UCC are broader than the amended definitions,
      the existing ones shall be controlling.

      2. GRANT OF PERFECTED SECURITY INTEREST.  As an inducement for the Secured
Parties to extend the loans as evidenced by the Notes and to secure the complete
and timely  payment,  performance  and discharge in full, as the case may be, of
all of the  Obligations,  the  Debtor  hereby  unconditionally  and  irrevocably
pledges,  grants  and  hypothecates  to the  Secured  Parties a  continuing  and
perfected  security  interest  in and to, a lien  upon  and a right  of  set-off
against all of their respective right, title and interest of whatsoever kind and
nature in and to, the Collateral, all subject to the first priority lien granted
as security for the 8% Convertible Notes (the "Security Interest").

      3.  DELIVERY OF CERTAIN  COLLATERAL.  Subject to the liens  granted to the
secured parties in connection with the 8% Convertible Notes (and action taken by
the Debtor to perfect such liens),  contemporaneously  or prior to the execution
of this  Agreement,  the Debtor  shall  deliver or cause to be  delivered to the
Secured Parties (a) any and all certificates and other instruments  representing
or evidencing the Pledged Securities, and (b) any and all certificates and other
instruments or documents representing any of the other Collateral, in each case,
together with all  Necessary  Endorsements.  The Debtors are,  contemporaneously
with the execution hereof, delivering to the Secured Parties, or have previously
delivered to the Secured Parties, a true and correct copy of each Organizational
Document governing any of the Pledged Securities.

      4. REPRESENTATIONS,  WARRANTIES,  COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS OF THE DEBTORS.
The Debtor  represents  and warrants  to, and  covenants  and agrees  with,  the
Secured Parties as follows:

            (a) The Debtor has the  requisite  corporate,  partnership,  limited
      liability  company  or  other  power  and  authority  to enter  into  this
      Agreement  and  otherwise  to carry  out its  obligations  hereunder.  The
      execution,  delivery and  performance  by the Debtor of this Agreement and
      the  filings  contemplated  therein  have  been  duly  authorized  by  all
      necessary  action  on the part of such  Debtor  and no  further  action is
      required by such  Debtor.  This  Agreement  has been duly  executed by the
      Debtor. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation
      of the Debtor, enforceable against the Debtor in accordance with its terms
      except as such  enforceability  may be limited by  applicable  bankruptcy,
      insolvency,   reorganization  and  similar  laws  of  general  application
      relating  to or  affecting  the rights and  remedies of  creditors  and by
      general principles of equity.


                                       5
<PAGE>

            (b) The Debtors  have no place of  business  or offices  where their
      respective  books of account and records are kept (other than  temporarily
      at the offices of its attorneys or accountants) or places where Collateral
      is stored or located,  except as set forth on Schedule A attached  hereto.
      Except as  specifically  set forth on Schedule A, the Debtor is the record
      owner of the real property  where such  Collateral  is located,  and there
      exist no  mortgages  or other liens on any such real  property.  Except as
      disclosed on Schedule A, none of such  Collateral is in the  possession of
      any consignee, bailee, warehouseman, agent or processor.

            (c) Except as set forth on Schedule B attached  hereto,  the Debtors
      are the sole owner of the Collateral  (except for  non-exclusive  licenses
      granted by any Debtor in the ordinary course of business),  free and clear
      of any liens, security interests,  encumbrances, rights or claims, and are
      fully authorized to grant the Security Interest.  Other than those filings
      made in connection with the 8% Convertible  Notes, there is not on file in
      any  governmental or regulatory  authority,  agency or recording office an
      effective financing statement,  security agreement, license or transfer or
      any notice of any of the foregoing (other than those that will be filed in
      favor of the  Secured  Parties  pursuant  to this  Agreement)  covering or
      affecting any of the  Collateral.  So long as this  Agreement  shall be in
      effect, the Debtors shall not execute and shall not knowingly permit to be
      on file  (other  than  those on file to  evidence  the  liens  granted  in
      connection the 8% Convertible Notes) in any such office or agency any such
      financing  statement or other document or instrument (except to the extent
      filed or recorded in favor of the Secured Parties pursuant to the terms of
      this Agreement).

            (d) No  written  claim  has been  received  that any  Collateral  or
      Debtor's  use of any  Collateral  violates  the rights of any third party.
      There has been no adverse  decision  to any  Debtor's  claim of  ownership
      rights in or exclusive rights to use the Collateral in any jurisdiction or
      to any Debtor's  right to keep and maintain such  Collateral in full force
      and effect,  and there is no proceeding  involving said rights pending or,
      to the best knowledge of any Debtor, threatened before any court, judicial
      body,   administrative   or   regulatory   agency,   arbitrator  or  other
      governmental authority.

            (e) The Debtor shall at all times  maintain its books of account and
      records  relating to the Collateral at its principal place of business and
      its  Collateral at the  locations set forth on Schedule A attached  hereto
      and may not  relocate  such  books of  account  and  records  or  tangible
      Collateral  unless it  delivers  to the  Secured  Parties at least 30 days
      prior to such relocation (i) written notice of such relocation and the new
      location  thereof  (which  must be  within  the  United  States)  and (ii)
      evidence that  appropriate  financing  statements  under the UCC and other
      necessary documents have been filed and recorded and other steps have been
      taken to perfect the  Security  Interest to create in favor of the Secured
      Parties a valid,  perfected and continuing  perfected second priority lien
      in the Collateral.


                                       6
<PAGE>

            (f) This Agreement  creates in favor of the Secured Parties a valid,
      security interest in the Collateral,  securing the payment and performance
      of the Obligations.  Upon making the filings  described in the immediately
      following  paragraph,  all  security  interests  created  hereunder in any
      Collateral  which may be  perfected  by  filing  Uniform  Commercial  Code
      financing statements shall have been duly perfected. Except for the filing
      of the Uniform  Commercial  Code financing  statements  referred to in the
      immediately  following  paragraph,  the  recordation  of the  Intellectual
      Property Security  Agreement (as defined below) with respect to copyrights
      and copyright  applications in the United States Copyright Office referred
      to in paragraph (p), the execution and delivery of deposit account control
      agreements  satisfying the requirements of Section  9-104(a)(2) of the UCC
      with respect to each deposit  account of the Debtors,  and the delivery of
      the certificates and other instruments provided in Section 3, no action is
      necessary  to create,  perfect or protect the security  interests  created
      hereunder.  Without  limiting the generality of the foregoing,  except for
      the  filing  of  said  financing  statements,   the  recordation  of  said
      Intellectual  Property Security Agreement,  and the execution and delivery
      of said  deposit  account  control  agreements,  no  consent  of any third
      parties and no  authorization,  approval or other action by, and no notice
      to or filing  with,  any  governmental  authority  or  regulatory  body is
      required  for  (i)  the  execution,   delivery  and  performance  of  this
      Agreement,  (ii) the  creation or  perfection  of the  Security  Interests
      created hereunder in the Collateral or (iii) the enforcement of the rights
      of the Secured Parties hereunder.

            (g) The Debtor  hereby  authorizes  the Secured  Parties,  or any of
      them, to file one or more financing statements under the UCC, with respect
      to the Security Interest with the proper filing and recording  agencies in
      any jurisdiction deemed proper by them.

            (h) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the
      Debtors does not (i) violate any of the  provisions of any  Organizational
      Documents  of any Debtor or any  judgment,  decree,  order or award of any
      court,  governmental  body or  arbitrator or any  applicable  law, rule or
      regulation applicable to any Debtor or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a
      default  (or an event  that  with  notice  or lapse of time or both  would
      become a default)  under,  or give to others  any  rights of  termination,
      amendment,  acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of
      time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
      (evidencing  any Debtor's  debt or otherwise)  or other  understanding  to
      which  any  Debtor  is a party or by which  any  property  or asset of any
      Debtor is bound or affected.  No consent  (including,  without limitation,
      from  stockholders  or creditors of any Debtor) is required for any Debtor
      to enter into and perform its obligations  hereunder,  other than consents
      that have already been received.


                                       7
<PAGE>

            (i) The capital stock and other equity  interests listed on Schedule
      H hereto  represent  all capital stock and other equity  interests  owned,
      directly or indirectly,  by the Company. All of the Pledged Securities are
      validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and the Company is the legal
      and  beneficial  owner of the  Pledged  Securities,  free and clear of any
      lien,  security  interest  or other  encumbrance  except for the  security
      interests  created  by this  Agreement  and the  prior  security  interest
      related  to the 8%  Convertible  Notes  which is  senior  to the  security
      interest created hereunder.

            (j) The ownership  and other equity  interests in  partnerships  and
      limited  liability  companies  (if any)  included in the  Collateral  (the
      "Pledged  Interests")  by their express terms do not provide that they are
      securities  governed  by  Article  8 of the  UCC  and  are  not  held in a
      securities account or by any financial intermediary.

            (k) The Debtor  shall at all times  maintain  the liens and Security
      Interest  provided for  hereunder as valid and perfected  second  priority
      liens and  security  interests in the  Collateral  in favor of the Secured
      Parties until this Agreement and the Security Interest  hereunder shall be
      terminated  pursuant  to Section 11 hereof.  The Debtor  hereby  agrees to
      defend the same  against the claims of any and all  persons and  entities.
      The Debtor shall  safeguard and protect all  Collateral for the account of
      the Secured  Parties.  At the request of the Secured  Parties,  the Debtor
      will sign and deliver to the  Secured  Parties at any time or from time to
      time  one  or  more  financing  statements  pursuant  to the  UCC in  form
      reasonably  satisfactory  to the Secured  Parties and will pay the cost of
      filing the same in all public offices  wherever filing is, or is deemed by
      the Secured Parties to be, necessary or desirable to effect the rights and
      obligations  provided for herein.  Without  limiting the generality of the
      foregoing,  the  Debtor  shall  pay all  fees,  taxes  and  other  amounts
      necessary to maintain the Collateral and the Security Interest  hereunder,
      and the Debtor shall  obtain and furnish to the Secured  Parties from time
      to time, upon demand,  such releases and/or  subordinations  of claims and
      liens  which may be  required to  maintain  the  priority of the  Security
      Interest hereunder.

            (l) No Debtor will transfer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber, license,
      sell  or  otherwise   dispose  of  any  of  the  Collateral   (except  for
      non-exclusive  licenses  granted  by a Debtor  in its  ordinary  course of
      business  and sales of  inventory  by a Debtor in its  ordinary  course of
      business) without the prior written consent of a Majority in Interest.

            (m) The Debtor shall keep and preserve its equipment,  inventory and
      other tangible  Collateral in good  condition,  repair and order and shall
      not  operate or locate any such  Collateral  (or cause to be  operated  or
      located) in any area excluded from insurance coverage.


                                       8
<PAGE>

            (n) The Debtor shall maintain with  financially  sound and reputable
      insurers,  insurance with respect to the Collateral against loss or damage
      of the kinds and in the amounts customarily insured against by entities of
      established reputation having similar properties similarly situated and in
      such amounts as are  customarily  carried under similar  circumstances  by
      other such  entities and  otherwise as is prudent for entities  engaged in
      similar  businesses  but  in  any  event  sufficient  to  cover  the  full
      replacement  cost thereof.  The Debtor shall cause each  insurance  policy
      issued in  connection  herewith to provide,  and the insurer  issuing such
      policy to certify to the Secured Parties that (a) the Secured Parties will
      be named as lender  loss  payees and  additional  insured  under each such
      insurance  policy;  (b) if such  insurance  be proposed to be cancelled or
      materially changed for any reason  whatsoever,  such insurer will promptly
      notify the Secured  Parties and such  cancellation  or change shall not be
      effective  as to the Secured  Parties for at least  thirty (30) days after
      receipt by the Secured  Parties of such notice,  unless the effect of such
      change is to extend or increase  coverage  under the  policy;  and (c) the
      Secured Parties will have the right (but no obligation) at its election to
      remedy any default in the payment of premiums  within  thirty (30) days of
      notice  from the  insurer  of such  default.  If no Event of  Default  (as
      defined in the  Debenture)  exists and if the proceeds  arising out of any
      claim or series of related claims do not exceed $50,000,  loss payments in
      each  instance  will be  applied  by the  applicable  Debtor to the repair
      and/or replacement of property with respect to which the loss was incurred
      to the extent  reasonably  feasible,  and any loss payments or the balance
      thereof remaining,  to the extent not so applied,  shall be payable to the
      applicable Debtor, provided, however, that payments received by any Debtor
      after an Event of Default occurs and is continuing or in excess of $50,000
      for any occurrence or series of related  occurrences  shall be paid to the
      Secured  Parties and, if received by such  Debtor,  shall be held in trust
      for and  immediately  paid over to the Secured  Parties  unless  otherwise
      directed in writing by the Secured Parties. Copies of such policies or the
      related  certificates,  in each case, naming the Secured Parties as lender
      loss  payee and  additional  insured  shall be  delivered  to the  Secured
      Parties at least  annually  and at the time any new policy of insurance is
      issued.

            (o) The Debtor  shall,  within ten (10) days of obtaining  knowledge
      thereof, advise the Secured Parties promptly, in sufficient detail, of any
      substantial  change in the Collateral,  and of the occurrence of any event
      which would have a material  adverse effect on the value of the Collateral
      or on the Secured Parties' security interest therein.

            (p) The Debtor  shall  promptly  execute  and deliver to the Secured
      Parties such further deeds, mortgages,  assignments,  security agreements,
      financing  statements or other  instruments,  documents,  certificates and
      assurances  and take such further  action as the Secured  Parties may from
      time to time  request and may in its sole  discretion  deem  necessary  to
      perfect,  protect or  enforce  its  security  interest  in the  Collateral
      including,  without limitation, if applicable,  the execution and delivery
      of a separate security agreement with respect to the Debtor's Intellectual
      Property ("Intellectual Property Security Agreement") in which the Secured
      Parties have been granted a security interest hereunder,  substantially in
      a form  acceptable to the Secured  Parties,  which  Intellectual  Property
      Security Agreement,  other than as stated therein, shall be subject to all
      of the terms and conditions hereof.


                                       9
<PAGE>

            (q)  The  Debtor  shall   permit  the  Secured   Parties  and  their
      representatives  and agents to inspect the  Collateral at any time, and to
      make copies of records pertaining to the Collateral as may be requested by
      a Secured Party from time to time.

            (r)  The  Debtor  shall  take  all  steps  reasonably  necessary  to
      diligently  pursue and seek to  preserve,  enforce and collect any rights,
      claims,  causes  of action  and  accounts  receivable  in  respect  of the
      Collateral.

            (s)  The  Debtor  shall  promptly  notify  the  Secured  Parties  in
      sufficient  detail upon  becoming  aware of any  attachment,  garnishment,
      execution or other legal process  levied against any Collateral and of any
      other  information  received by such Debtor that may materially affect the
      value of the Collateral,  the Security Interest or the rights and remedies
      of the Secured Parties hereunder.

            (t) All information heretofore,  herein or hereafter supplied to the
      Secured  Parties  by or on  behalf  of  any  Debtor  with  respect  to the
      Collateral  is accurate and  complete in all  material  respects as of the
      date furnished.

            (u) The Debtor  shall at all times  preserve  and keep in full force
      and effect their  respective  valid  existence  and good  standing and any
      rights and franchises material to its business.

            (v)  No  Debtor  will  change  its  name,   type  of   organization,
      jurisdiction of organization,  organizational identification number (if it
      has  one),  legal or  corporate  structure,  or  identity,  or add any new
      fictitious  name unless it provides at least 30 days prior written  notice
      to the Secured  Parties of such  change  and, at the time of such  written
      notification,  such Debtor  provides any  financing  statements or fixture
      filings necessary to perfect and continue perfected the perfected Security
      Interest granted and evidenced by this Agreement.

            (w) No Debtor may  consign any of its  Inventory  or sell any of its
      Inventory on bill and hold,  sale or return,  sale on  approval,  or other
      conditional  terms of sale  without  the consent of a Majority in Interest
      which  shall  not be  unreasonably  withheld,  except to the  extent  such
      consignment  or sale does not exceed 15% of the total  value of all of the
      Company's finished goods in Inventory.

            (x) No  Debtor  may  relocate  its chief  executive  office to a new
      location without providing 30 days prior written  notification  thereof to
      the  Secured  Parties  and  so  long  as,  at the  time  of  such  written
      notification,  such Debtor  provides any  financing  statements or fixture
      filings necessary to perfect and continue perfected the perfected security
      Interest granted and evidenced by this Agreement.


                                       10
<PAGE>

            (y) The Debtor was organized and remains  organized solely under the
      laws of the  state  set  forth  next to such  Debtor's  name in the  first
      paragraph  of this  Agreement.  Schedule D attached  hereto sets forth the
      Debtor's  organizational  identification number or, if any Debtor does not
      have one, states that one does not exist.

            (z) (i) The  actual  name of the Debtor is the name set forth in the
      preamble above;  (ii) no Debtor has any trade names except as set forth on
      Schedule E attached  hereto;  (iii) no Debtor has used any name other than
      that stated in the  preamble  hereto or as set forth on Schedule E for the
      preceding  five  years;  and (iv) no entity has merged  into any Debtor or
      been acquired by any Debtor within the past five years except as set forth
      on Schedule E.

            (aa)  Subject  to the  liens  granted  to  the  secured  parties  in
      connection  with the 8% Convertible  Notes (and action taken by the Debtor
      to  perfect  such  liens),  at any  time and  from  time to time  that any
      Collateral consists of instruments, certificated securities or other items
      that  require or permit  possession  by the  secured  party to perfect the
      security interest created hereby, the applicable Debtor shall deliver such
      Collateral to the Secured Parties.

            (bb)  Subject  to the  liens  granted  to  the  secured  parties  in
      connection  with the 8% Convertible  Notes (and action taken by the Debtor
      to perfect such  liens),  the Debtor,  in its  capacity as issuer,  hereby
      agrees to comply with any and all orders and  instructions  of the Secured
      Parties regarding the Pledged Interests  consistent with the terms of this
      Agreement  without the further  consent of any Debtor as  contemplated  by
      Section 8-106 (or any successor  section) of the UCC. Further,  the Debtor
      agrees that it shall not enter into a similar agreement (or one that would
      confer  "control"  within  the  meaning  of Article 8 of the UCC) with any
      other person or entity.

            (cc)  Subject  to the  liens  granted  to  the  secured  parties  in
      connection  with the 8% Convertible  Notes (and action taken by the Debtor
      to perfect such liens),  the Debtor shall cause all tangible chattel paper
      constituting  Collateral  to be delivered to the Secured  Parties,  or, if
      such delivery is not possible,  then to cause such tangible  chattel paper
      to contain a legend  noting  that it is subject to the  security  interest
      created by this Agreement.  To the extent that any Collateral  consists of
      electronic chattel paper, the applicable Debtor shall cause the underlying
      chattel  paper to be "marked"  within the meaning of Section  9-105 of the
      UCC (or successor section thereto).

            (dd) If there is any investment property or deposit account included
      as  Collateral  that can be  perfected  by  "control"  through  an account
      control  agreement,  the  applicable  Debtor  shall  cause such an account
      control agreement,  in form and substance in each case satisfactory to the
      Secured Parties, to be entered into and delivered to the Secured Parties.


                                       11
<PAGE>

            (ee) To the extent that any Collateral  consists of letter-of-credit
      rights,  the applicable  Debtor shall cause the issuer of each  underlying
      letter of credit to consent to an  assignment  of the proceeds  thereof to
      the Secured Parties.

            (ff) To the extent that any  Collateral is in the  possession of any
      third party, the applicable  Debtor shall join with the Secured Parties in
      notifying such third party of the Secured  Parties'  security  interest in
      such   Collateral   and   shall  use  its  best   efforts   to  obtain  an
      acknowledgement  and  agreement  from such third party with respect to the
      Collateral, in form and substance satisfactory to the Secured Parties.

            (gg) If any Debtor  shall at any time hold or  acquire a  commercial
      tort claim,  such Debtor shall  promptly  notify the Secured  Parties in a
      writing signed by such Debtor of the particulars  thereof and grant to the
      Secured  Parties in such  writing a security  interest  therein and in the
      proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement,  with such writing
      to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Secured Parties.

            (hh) The Debtor  shall  immediately  provide  written  notice to the
      Secured  Parties of any and all accounts which arise out of contracts with
      any  governmental  authority  and, to the extent  necessary  to perfect or
      continue the  perfected  status of the Security  Interest in such accounts
      and proceeds thereof,  shall execute and deliver to the Secured Parties an
      assignment  of claims for such  accounts  and  cooperate  with the Secured
      Parties in taking any other steps required,  in their judgment,  under the
      Federal  Assignment of Claims Act or any similar  federal,  state or local
      statute  or rule to  perfect  or  continue  the  perfected  status  of the
      Security Interest in such accounts and proceeds thereof.

            (ii) Intentionally Omitted.

            (jj) The Debtor shall vote the Pledged Securities to comply with the
      covenants and agreements set forth herein and in the Notes.

            (kk) The Debtor shall register the pledge of the applicable  Pledged
      Securities  on the books of such  Debtor.  The Debtor  shall  notify  each
      issuer of Pledged  Securities  to  register  the pledge of the  applicable
      Pledged Securities in the name of the Secured Parties on the books of such
      issuer.  Further, except with respect to certificated securities delivered
      to the Secured  Parties,  if any, the  applicable  Debtor shall deliver to
      Secured Parties an  acknowledgement  of pledge (which,  where appropriate,
      shall  comply with the  requirements  of the  relevant UCC with respect to
      perfection by registration) signed by the issuer of the applicable Pledged
      Securities,   which   acknowledgement  shall  confirm  that:  (a)  it  has
      registered  the  pledge  on its  books  and  records;  and (b) at any time
      directed  by  Secured  Parties  during  the  continuation  of an  Event of
      Default,  subject to the action taken by the secured parties in connection
      with the 8%  Convertible  Notes,  such  issuer  will  transfer  the record
      ownership  of such  Pledged  Securities  into the name of any  designee of
      Secured  Parties,  will take such steps as may be  necessary to effect the
      transfer,  and will comply with all other  instructions of Secured Parties
      regarding  such  Pledged  Securities  without the  further  consent of the
      applicable Debtor.


                                       12
<PAGE>

            (ll) In the event that,  upon an  occurrence  of an Event of Default
      and subject to the action of the secured parties in connection with the 8%
      Convertible  Notes,  the  Secured  Parties  shall  sell  all or any of the
      Pledged  Securities  to  another  party  or  parties  (herein  called  the
      "Transferee")  or  shall  purchase  or  retain  all or any of the  Pledged
      Securities, the Debtor shall, to the extent applicable: (i) deliver to the
      Secured  Parties or the  Transferee,  as the case may be, the  articles of
      incorporation,  bylaws,  minute books, stock certificate books,  corporate
      seals, deeds, leases, indentures,  agreements,  evidences of indebtedness,
      books of account, financial records and all other Organizational Documents
      and records of the Debtor and their direct and indirect subsidiaries; (ii)
      use its best efforts to obtain resignations of the persons then serving as
      officers  and  directors  of the  Debtor  and their  direct  and  indirect
      subsidiaries,  if so  requested;  and (iii) use its best efforts to obtain
      any approvals that are required by any  governmental or regulatory body in
      order to permit the sale of the Pledged  Securities  to the  Transferee or
      the purchase or retention of the Pledged Securities by the Secured Parties
      and allow the  Transferee or the Secured  Parties to continue the business
      of the Debtor and their direct and indirect subsidiaries.

            (mm) Without limiting the generality of the other obligations of the
      Debtor hereunder,  the Debtor shall promptly (i) cause to be registered at
      the United States  Copyright Office all of its material  copyrights,  (ii)
      cause the  security  interest  contemplated  hereby  with  respect  to all
      Intellectual  Property registered at the United States Copyright Office or
      United  States  Patent and  Trademark  Office to be duly  recorded  at the
      applicable  office,  and (iii) give the Secured Parties notice whenever it
      acquires  (whether  absolutely  or by license)  or creates any  additional
      material Intellectual Property.

            (nn) The  Debtor  will from time to time,  at the joint and  several
      expense of the Debtor,  promptly  execute  and  deliver  all such  further
      instruments  and  documents,  and take all such  further  action as may be
      necessary or desirable,  or as the Secured Parties may reasonably request,
      in order to perfect and protect any security interest granted or purported
      to be granted  hereby or to enable the  Secured  Parties to  exercise  and
      enforce  their  rights  and  remedies  hereunder  and with  respect to any
      Collateral or to otherwise carry out the purposes of this Agreement.

            (oo)  Schedule F attached  hereto lists all of the  patents,  patent
      applications,  trademarks, trademark applications,  registered copyrights,
      and domain  names  owned by the Debtor as of the date  hereof.  Schedule F
      lists all  material  licenses  in favor of any  Debtor  for the use of any
      patents,  trademarks,  copyrights  and domain names as of the date hereof.
      All material  patents and trademarks of the Debtor have been duly recorded
      at the  United  States  Patent  and  Trademark  Office  and  all  material
      copyrights  of the Debtor  have been duly  recorded  at the United  States
      Copyright Office.


                                       13
<PAGE>

            (pp) Except as set forth on Schedule G attached hereto,  none of the
      account  debtors or other  persons  or  entities  obligated  on any of the
      Collateral is a governmental  authority covered by the Federal  Assignment
      of Claims Act or any similar  federal,  state or local  statute or rule in
      respect of such Collateral.

      5. EFFECT OF PLEDGE ON CERTAIN RIGHTS. If any of the Collateral subject to
this Agreement consists of nonvoting equity or ownership  interests  (regardless
of class,  designation,  preference or rights) that may be converted into voting
equity or ownership  interests upon the occurrence of certain events (including,
without limitation, upon the transfer of all or any of the other stock or assets
of the  issuer),  it is  agreed  that the  pledge of such  equity  or  ownership
interests  pursuant to this  Agreement or the  enforcement of any of the Secured
Parties'  rights  hereunder  shall not be  deemed to be the type of event  which
would  trigger such  conversion  rights  notwithstanding  any  provisions in the
Organizational  Documents  or  agreements  to which any  Debtor is subject or to
which any Debtor is party.

      6. DEFAULTS. The following events shall be "Events of Default":

            (a) The  occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Notes)
      under the Notes;

            (b) Any  representation  or warranty of any Debtor in this Agreement
      shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made;

            (c) The  failure by any  Debtor to  observe  or  perform  any of its
      obligations  hereunder for five (5) days after  delivery to such Debtor of
      notice of such  failure  by or on behalf of a Secured  Party  unless  such
      default is capable of cure but cannot be cured  within such time frame and
      such Debtor is using best efforts to cure same in a timely fashion; or

            (d) If any  provision  of this  Agreement  shall at any time for any
      reason be declared to be null and void, or the validity or  enforceability
      thereof  shall  be  contested  by any  Debtor,  or a  proceeding  shall be
      commenced  by  any  Debtor,  or  by  any  governmental   authority  having
      jurisdiction  over any Debtor,  seeking to  establish  the  invalidity  or
      unenforceability thereof, or any Debtor shall deny that any Debtor has any
      liability or obligation purported to be created under this Agreement.

      7. DUTY TO HOLD IN TRUST.


                                       14
<PAGE>

            (a) Upon the  occurrence  of any  Event of  Default  and at any time
      thereafter,  the  Debtor  shall,  upon  receipt  of any  revenue,  income,
      dividend, interest or other sums subject to the Security Interest, whether
      payable pursuant to the Notes or otherwise,  or of any check, draft, note,
      trade acceptance or other  instrument  evidencing an obligation to pay any
      such  sum,  hold the same in  trust  for the  Secured  Parties  and  shall
      forthwith  endorse and transfer any such sums or instruments,  or both, to
      the Secured Parties,  pro-rata in proportion to their initial purchases of
      Notes for application to the  satisfaction of the Obligations  (and if any
      Debenture  is not  outstanding,  pro-rata  in  proportion  to the  initial
      purchases of the remaining Notes).

            (b) If any Debtor shall become  entitled to receive or shall receive
      any securities or other property (including, without limitation, shares of
      Pledged Securities or instruments representing Pledged Securities acquired
      after the date hereof, or any options,  warrants,  rights or other similar
      property or certificates  representing a dividend,  or any distribution in
      connection  with any  recapitalization,  reclassification  or  increase or
      reduction of capital,  or issued in connection with any  reorganization of
      such Debtor or any of its direct or indirect  subsidiaries)  in respect of
      the Pledged Securities  (whether as an addition to, in substitution of, or
      in exchange for, such Pledged Securities or otherwise), such Debtor agrees
      to (i) accept the same as the agent of the Secured Parties;  (ii) hold the
      same in trust on behalf of and for the benefit of the Secured Parties; and
      (iii) to deliver any and all  certificates  or instruments  evidencing the
      same to the  Secured  Parties  on or before the close of  business  on the
      fifth  business day following the receipt  thereof by such Debtor,  in the
      exact form received together with the Necessary  Endorsements,  to be held
      by the  Secured  Parties  subject  to  the  terms  of  this  Agreement  as
      Collateral.

            (c) Anything to the contrary notwithstanding,  all rights and powers
      of the Secured  Parties  hereunder are subject to the rights and powers of
      the secured parties pursuant to the documents  executed in connection with
      the 8% Convertible Notes.

      8. RIGHTS AND REMEDIES UPON DEFAULT.

            (a) Upon the  occurrence  of any  Event of  Default  and at any time
      thereafter,  the Secured  Parties,  acting through any agent  appointed by
      them for  such  purpose,  shall  have the  right  to  exercise  all of the
      remedies conferred  hereunder and under the Notes, and the Secured Parties
      shall have all the rights and  remedies of a secured  party under the UCC.
      Without  limitation,  the Secured Parties shall have the following  rights
      and  powers,  subject  to the rights  and  powers of the  secured  parties
      pursuant to the documents  executed in connection  with the 8% Convertible
      Notes:

                  (i)  The  Secured   Parties  shall  have  the  right  to  take
            possession of the Collateral and, for that purpose,  enter, with the
            aid and assistance of any person, any premises where the Collateral,
            or any part  thereof,  is or may be placed and remove the same,  and
            the Debtor shall  assemble the  Collateral  and make it available to
            the  Secured  Parties  at places  which the  Secured  Parties  shall
            reasonably  select,  whether at such Debtor's premises or elsewhere,
            and make available to the Secured Parties, without rent, all of such
            Debtor's  respective  premises and facilities for the purpose of the
            Secured  Parties  taking  possession  of,  removing  or putting  the
            Collateral in saleable or disposable form.


                                       15
<PAGE>

                  (ii) Upon  notice to the Debtor by the  Secured  Parties,  all
            rights of the Debtor to  exercise  the  voting and other  consensual
            rights  which it would  otherwise  be entitled  to exercise  and all
            rights of the Debtor to receive the dividends and interest  which it
            would  otherwise be authorized  to receive and retain,  shall cease.
            Upon  such  notice,  the  Secured  Parties  shall  have the right to
            receive  any  interest,  cash  dividends  or other  payments  on the
            Collateral and, at the option of the Secured Parties, to exercise in
            the  Secured  Parties'   discretion  all  voting  rights  pertaining
            thereto.  Without  limiting the  generality  of the  foregoing,  the
            Secured  Parties  shall have the right (but not the  obligation)  to
            exercise  all rights with respect to the  Collateral  as it were the
            sole and absolute owners thereof, including,  without limitation, to
            vote and/or to exchange,  at its sole discretion,  any or all of the
            Collateral   in   connection   with   a   merger,    reorganization,
            consolidation,  recapitalization or other readjustment concerning or
            involving  the  Collateral  or any  Debtor  or any of its  direct or
            indirect subsidiaries.

                  (iii) The Secured  Parties shall have the right to operate the
            business of the Debtor using the Collateral and shall have the right
            to assign,  sell,  lease or otherwise  dispose of and deliver all or
            any part of the Collateral,  at public or private sale or otherwise,
            either with or without special conditions or stipulations,  for cash
            or on credit or for future  delivery,  in such parcel or parcels and
            at such time or times  and at such  place or  places,  and upon such
            terms and  conditions as the Secured  Parties may deem  commercially
            reasonable,  all without  (except as shall be required by applicable
            statute and cannot be waived) advertisement or demand upon or notice
            to any Debtor or right of redemption  of a Debtor,  which are hereby
            expressly waived.  Upon each such sale,  lease,  assignment or other
            transfer of Collateral,  the Secured Parties may, unless  prohibited
            by applicable  law which cannot be waived,  purchase all or any part
            of the  Collateral  being  sold,  free  from and  discharged  of all
            trusts,  claims,  right of  redemption  and  equities of any Debtor,
            which are hereby waived and released.

                  (iv) The  Secured  Parties  shall  have the right (but not the
            obligation)  to notify any account  debtors and any  obligors  under
            instruments  or  accounts to make  payments  directly to the Secured
            Parties and to enforce the  Debtor's  rights  against  such  account
            debtors and obligors.


                                       16
<PAGE>

                  (v) The Secured  Parties may (but are not obligated to) direct
            any financial intermediary or any other person or entity holding any
            investment  property to transfer the same to the Secured  Parties or
            their designee.

                  (vi)  The  Secured  Parties  may (but  are not  obligated  to)
            transfer any or all Intellectual  Property registered in the name of
            any Debtor at the United States  Patent and Trademark  Office and/or
            Copyright  Office  into  the  name  of the  Secured  Parties  or any
            designee or any purchaser of any Collateral.

            (b) The  Secured  Parties  may  comply  with any  applicable  law in
      connection  with a disposition of Collateral and such  compliance will not
      be considered  adversely to affect the  commercial  reasonableness  of any
      sale of the  Collateral.  The  Secured  Parties  may sell  the  Collateral
      without  giving  any  warranties  and  may   specifically   disclaim  such
      warranties.  If the Secured  Parties sell any of the Collateral on credit,
      the  Debtor  will only be  credited  with  payments  actually  made by the
      purchaser.  In addition,  the Debtor waives any and all rights that it may
      have to a judicial  hearing in  advance of the  enforcement  of any of the
      Secured  Parties'  rights  and  remedies  hereunder,   including,  without
      limitation,  its right  following  an Event of Default  to take  immediate
      possession of the  Collateral and to exercise its rights and remedies with
      respect thereto.

            (c) For the  purpose  of  enabling  the  Secured  Parties to further
      exercise rights and remedies under this Section 8 or elsewhere provided by
      agreement  or  applicable  law,  the Debtor  hereby  grants to the Secured
      Parties an irrevocable,  nonexclusive license (exercisable without payment
      of  royalty  or other  compensation  to such  Debtor)  to use,  license or
      sublicense  following an Event of Default,  any Intellectual  Property now
      owned or hereafter  acquired by such Debtor,  and wherever the same may be
      located, and including in such license access to all media in which any of
      the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer  software
      and programs used for the compilation or printout thereof.

      9.  APPLICATIONS  OF  PROCEEDS.  Subject to the  actions and claims of the
secured  parties  pursuant to the documents  executed in connection  with the 8%
Convertible  Notes, the proceeds of any such sale, lease or other disposition of
the Collateral  hereunder  shall be applied first,  to the expenses of retaking,
holding,  storing,  processing  and  preparing for sale,  selling,  and the like
(including,  without  limitation,  any taxes,  fees and other costs  incurred in
connection  therewith) of the Collateral,  to the reasonable attorneys' fees and
expenses incurred by the Secured Parties in enforcing their rights hereunder and
in connection with collecting, storing and disposing of the Collateral, and then
to  satisfaction of the Obligations pro rata among the Secured Parties (based on
then-outstanding   principal   amounts   of  Notes  at  the  time  of  any  such
determination),  and to the payment of any other amounts  required by applicable
law,  after which the Secured  Parties  shall pay to the  applicable  Debtor any
surplus  proceeds.  If,  upon the  sale,  license  or other  disposition  of the
Collateral,  the proceeds  thereof are  insufficient to pay all amounts to which
the  Secured  Parties are  legally  entitled,  the Debtor will be liable for the
deficiency,  together with interest thereon, at the rate of 20% per annum or the
lesser  amount  permitted  by  applicable  law  (the  "Default  Rate"),  and the
reasonable fees of any attorneys employed by the Secured Parties to collect such
deficiency.  To the extent  permitted by  applicable  law, the Debtor waives all
claims,  damages and demands  against  the  Secured  Parties  arising out of the
repossession, removal, retention or sale of the Collateral, unless due solely to
the gross negligence or willful  misconduct of the Secured Parties as determined
by a final  judgment  (not  subject to further  appeal) of a court of  competent
jurisdiction.


                                       17
<PAGE>

      10.  SECURITIES LAW PROVISION.  The Debtor recognizes that Secured Parties
may be limited in their ability to effect a sale to the public of all or part of
the Pledged  Securities by reason of certain  prohibitions in the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended,  or other federal or state  securities laws  (collectively,
the "Securities Laws"), and may be compelled to resort to one or more sales to a
restricted  group of  purchasers  who may be  required  to agree to acquire  the
Pledged Securities for their own account,  for investment and not with a view to
the distribution or resale thereof.  The Debtor agrees that sales so made may be
at prices and on terms less favorable than if the Pledged  Securities  were sold
to the public, and that the Secured Parties have no obligation to delay the sale
of any Pledged  Securities  for the period of time  necessary  to  register  the
Pledged  Securities for sale to the public under the Securities Laws. The Debtor
shall  cooperate  with the  Secured  Parties in their  attempt  to  satisfy  any
requirements   under  the  Securities  Laws  (including,   without   limitation,
registration  thereunder if requested by the Secured Parties)  applicable to the
sale of the Pledged Securities by the Secured Parties.

      11.  COSTS  AND  EXPENSES.   The  Debtor  agrees  to  pay  all  reasonable
out-of-pocket  fees,  costs and expenses  incurred in connection with any filing
required  hereunder,  including  without  limitation,  any financing  statements
pursuant  to  the  UCC,   continuation   statements,   partial  releases  and/or
termination   statements  related  thereto  or  any  expenses  of  any  searches
reasonably required by the Secured Parties.  The Debtor shall also pay all other
claims and charges which in the reasonable  opinion of the Secured Parties might
prejudice,  imperil or otherwise affect the Collateral or the Security  Interest
therein.  The Debtor will also,  upon  demand,  pay to the  Secured  Parties the
amount of any and all reasonable  expenses,  including the  reasonable  fees and
expenses of its counsel and of any experts and agents, which the Secured Parties
may incur in connection  with (i) the  enforcement of this  Agreement,  (ii) the
custody  or  preservation  of,  or  the  sale  of,  collection  from,  or  other
realization upon, any of the Collateral, or (iii) the exercise or enforcement of
any of the rights of the Secured  Parties  under the Notes.  Until so paid,  any
fees payable  hereunder shall be added to the principal  amount of the Notes and
shall bear interest at the Default Rate.


                                       18
<PAGE>

      12. RESPONSIBILITY FOR COLLATERAL.  The Debtor assumes all liabilities and
responsibility  in connection with all Collateral,  and the Obligations shall in
no way be affected or diminished by reason of the loss,  destruction,  damage or
theft of any of the  Collateral or its  unavailability  for any reason.  Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing,  (a) no Secured Party (i) has any duty
(either  before or after an Event of  Default) to collect any amounts in respect
of the Collateral or to preserve any rights relating to the Collateral,  or (ii)
has any obligation to clean-up or otherwise prepare the Collateral for sale, and
(b) the Debtor  shall  remain  obligated  and  liable  under  each  contract  or
agreement  included in the Collateral to be observed or performed by such Debtor
thereunder.  No Secured Party shall have any  obligation or liability  under any
such contract or agreement by reason of or arising out of this  Agreement or the
receipt by any Secured Party of any payment  relating to any of the  Collateral,
nor  any  Secured  Party  be  obligated  in any  manner  to  perform  any of the
obligations  of any Debtor under or pursuant to any such  contract or agreement,
to make inquiry as to the nature or sufficiency  of any payment  received by any
Secured  Party in  respect of the  Collateral  or as to the  sufficiency  of any
performance  by any party under any such  contract or  agreement,  to present or
file any claim,  to take any action to enforce any performance or to collect the
payment of any amounts  which may have been  assigned to any Secured Party or to
which any Secured Party may be entitled at any time or times.

      13. SECURITY INTEREST ABSOLUTE.  All rights of the Secured Parties and all
obligations  of the  Debtor  hereunder,  shall be  absolute  and  unconditional,
irrespective of: (a) any lack of validity or  enforceability  of this Agreement,
the Notes or any agreement entered into in connection with the foregoing, or any
portion  hereof or  thereof;  (b) any  change  in the  time,  manner or place of
payment  or  performance  of,  or in  any  other  term  of,  all  or  any of the
Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure
from the  Notes or any  other  agreement  entered  into in  connection  with the
foregoing; (c) any exchange,  release or nonperfection of any of the Collateral,
or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure  from any other
collateral for, or any guaranty,  or any other  security,  for all or any of the
Obligations; (d) any action by the Secured Parties to obtain, adjust, settle and
cancel in its sole discretion any insurance claims or matters made or arising in
connection  with the  Collateral;  or (e) any  other  circumstance  which  might
otherwise  constitute any legal or equitable defense available to a Debtor, or a
discharge of all or any part of the Security Interest granted hereby.  Until the
Obligations  shall  have  been paid and  performed  in full,  the  rights of the
Secured  Parties  shall  continue  even if the  Obligations  are  barred for any
reason, including, without limitation, the running of the statute of limitations
or bankruptcy.  The Debtor  expressly  waives  presentment,  protest,  notice of
protest,  demand, notice of nonpayment and demand for performance.  In the event
that at any time any transfer of any  Collateral or any payment  received by the
Secured Parties hereunder shall be deemed by final order of a court of competent
jurisdiction to have been a voidable  preference or fraudulent  conveyance under
the bankruptcy or insolvency laws of the United States, or shall be deemed to be
otherwise  due to any party other than the Secured  Parties,  then,  in any such
event,  the Debtor's  obligations  hereunder shall survive  cancellation of this
Agreement, and shall not be discharged or satisfied by any prior payment thereof
and/or  cancellation  of this  Agreement,  but shall  remain a valid and binding
obligation  enforceable in accordance with the terms and provisions  hereof. The
Debtor  waives all right to require the Secured  Parties to proceed  against any
other person or entity or to apply any Collateral  which the Secured Parties may
hold at any time,  or to  marshal  assets,  or to pursue any other  remedy.  The
Debtor waives any defense arising by reason of the application of the statute of
limitations to any obligation secured hereby.


                                       19
<PAGE>

      14. TERM OF  AGREEMENT.  This  Agreement and the Security  Interest  shall
terminate  on the  date  on  which  all  payments  under  the  Notes  have  been
indefeasibly  paid  in  full  and  all  other  Obligations  have  been  paid  or
discharged;  provided,  however, that all indemnities of the Debtor contained in
this Agreement  shall survive and remain  operative and in full force and effect
regardless of the termination of this Agreement.

      15. POWER OF ATTORNEY; FURTHER ASSURANCES.

            (a) The Debtor authorizes the Secured Parties, and does hereby make,
      constitute and appoint the Secured Parties and their respective  officers,
      agents,  successors  or assigns with full power of  substitution,  as such
      Debtor's true and lawful attorney-in-fact,  with power, in the name of the
      various  Secured  Parties or such  Debtor,  to, after the  occurrence  and
      during the  continuance  of an Event of  Default,  (i)  endorse  any note,
      checks,  drafts,  money orders or other instruments of payment  (including
      payments  payable  under or in  respect  of any  policy of  insurance)  in
      respect of the  Collateral  that may come into  possession  of the Secured
      Parties;  (ii) to sign and endorse any financing statement pursuant to the
      UCC or any invoice,  freight or express bill,  bill of lading,  storage or
      warehouse receipts, drafts against debtors, assignments, verifications and
      notices in connection with accounts,  and other documents  relating to the
      Collateral;  (iii) to pay or discharge taxes, liens, security interests or
      other  encumbrances at any time levied or placed on or threatened  against
      the Collateral;  (iv) to demand, collect, receipt for, compromise,  settle
      and sue for monies due in respect of the  Collateral;  (v) to transfer any
      Intellectual  Property or provide  licenses  respecting  any  Intellectual
      Property; and (vi) generally, at the option of the Secured Parties, and at
      the expense of the Debtor,  at any time,  or from time to time, to execute
      and deliver any and all documents and  instruments  and to do all acts and
      things which the Secured  Parties deem necessary to protect,  preserve and
      realize upon the Collateral and the Security  Interest  granted therein in
      order to effect  the intent of this  Agreement  and the Notes all as fully
      and  effectually  as the Debtor  might or could do; and the Debtor  hereby
      ratifies all that said attorney  shall  lawfully do or cause to be done by
      virtue  hereof.  This power of  attorney is coupled  with an interest  and
      shall be irrevocable for the term of this Agreement and thereafter as long
      as any of the Obligations shall be outstanding.  The designation set forth
      herein shall be deemed to amend and supersede any  inconsistent  provision
      in the Organizational  Documents or other documents or agreements to which
      any Debtor is subject or to which any Debtor is a party.  Without limiting
      the  generality  of the  foregoing,  after the  occurrence  and during the
      continuance  of an Event of Default,  each Secured  Party is  specifically
      authorized  to execute and file any  applications  for or  instruments  of
      transfer and  assignment of any patents,  trademarks,  copyrights or other
      Intellectual  Property with the United States Patent and Trademark  Office
      and the United States Copyright Office.


                                       20
<PAGE>

            (b)  On  a  continuing   basis,  the  Debtor  will  make,   execute,
      acknowledge, deliver, file and record, as the case may be, with the proper
      filing and  recording  agencies in any  jurisdiction,  including,  without
      limitation, the jurisdictions indicated on Schedule C attached hereto, all
      such  instruments,  and take all such action as may  reasonably  be deemed
      necessary or advisable, or as reasonably requested by the Secured Parties,
      to perfect the Security  Interest granted hereunder and otherwise to carry
      out the  intent  and  purposes  of this  Agreement,  or for  assuring  and
      confirming  to the Secured  Parties the grant or perfection of a perfected
      security interest in all the Collateral under the UCC.

            (c) The Debtor hereby  irrevocably  appoints the Secured  Parties as
      such  Debtor's  attorney-in-fact,  with  full  authority  in the place and
      instead of such Debtor and in the name of such  Debtor,  from time to time
      in the Secured Parties' discretion,  to take any action and to execute any
      instrument  which the Secured  Parties may deem  necessary or advisable to
      accomplish the purposes of this  Agreement,  including the filing,  in its
      sole discretion,  of one or more financing or continuation  statements and
      amendments  thereto,  relative  to  any  of  the  Collateral  without  the
      signature  of  such  Debtor  where   permitted  by  law,  which  financing
      statements  may (but need not) describe the  Collateral as "all assets" or
      "all  personal  property" or words of like  import,  and ratifies all such
      actions  taken by the Secured  Parties.  This power of attorney is coupled
      with an interest and shall be  irrevocable  for the term of this Agreement
      and thereafter as long as any of the Obligations shall be outstanding.

      16.  NOTICES.  All  notices,  requests,  demands and other  communications
hereunder shall be subject to the notice provision of the Purchase Agreement (as
such term is defined in the Notes).

      17.  OTHER  SECURITY.  To the  extent  that  the  Obligations  are  now or
hereafter  secured by property  other than the  Collateral or by the  guarantee,
endorsement or property of any other person, firm,  corporation or other entity,
then the  Secured  Parties  shall have the  right,  in its sole  discretion,  to
pursue,  relinquish,  subordinate,  modify or take any other action with respect
thereto,  without in any way modifying or affecting any of the Secured  Parties'
rights and remedies hereunder.

      18. INTENTIONALLY OMITTED

      19. MISCELLANEOUS.

            (a) No course of dealing between the Debtor and the Secured Parties,
      nor any failure to exercise,  nor any delay in exercising,  on the part of
      the Secured Parties,  any right, power or privilege hereunder or under the
      Notes shall operate as a waiver  thereof;  nor shall any single or partial
      exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder preclude
      any other or further  exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right,
      power or privilege.


                                       21
<PAGE>

            (b) All of the rights  and  remedies  of the  Secured  Parties  with
      respect to the Collateral,  whether  established hereby or by the Notes or
      by any  other  agreements,  instruments  or  documents  or by law shall be
      cumulative and may be exercised singly or concurrently.

            (c) This Agreement  constitutes the entire  agreement of the parties
      with respect to the subject matter hereof and is intended to supersede all
      prior  negotiations,  understandings  and agreements with respect thereto.
      Except as specifically  set forth in this Agreement,  no provision of this
      Agreement  may be  modified  or  amended  except  by a  written  agreement
      specifically referring to this Agreement and signed by the parties hereto.

            (d) In the  event  any  provision  of this  Agreement  is held to be
      invalid,  prohibited or  unenforceable in any jurisdiction for any reason,
      unless such provision is narrowed by judicial construction, this Agreement
      shall,  as  to  such  jurisdiction,  be  construed  as  if  such  invalid,
      prohibited or  unenforceable  provision had been more narrowly drawn so as
      not to be invalid,  prohibited or unenforceable.  If,  notwithstanding the
      foregoing,  any  provision  of  this  Agreement  is  held  to be  invalid,
      prohibited or unenforceable  in any  jurisdiction,  such provision,  as to
      such jurisdiction,  shall be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity,
      prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portion
      of such  provision or the other  provisions of this  Agreement and without
      affecting the validity or  enforceability  of such  provision or the other
      provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

            (e) No  waiver of any  breach or  default  or any right  under  this
      Agreement  shall be  considered  valid unless in writing and signed by the
      party giving such  waiver,  and no such waiver shall be deemed a waiver of
      any subsequent breach or default or right,  whether of the same or similar
      nature or otherwise.

            (f) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
      each party hereto and its successors and assigns.

            (g) Each  party  shall take such  further  action  and  execute  and
      deliver such further documents as may be necessary or appropriate in order
      to carry out the provisions and purposes of this Agreement.

            (h) All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement
      and  interpretation  of this Agreement  shall be governed by and construed
      and  enforced in  accordance  with the  internal  laws of the State of New
      York,  without regard to the  principles of conflicts of law thereof.  The
      Debtor  agrees  that  all  proceedings   concerning  the  interpretations,
      enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
      and the Notes  (whether  brought  against a party hereto or its respective
      affiliates,   directors,   officers,   shareholders,   partners,  members,
      employees  or  agents)  shall be  commenced  exclusively  in the state and
      federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan.  The
      Debtor hereby  irrevocably  submits to the exclusive  jurisdiction  of the
      state and  federal  courts  sitting  in the City of New York,  Borough  of
      Manhattan for the  adjudication of any dispute  hereunder or in connection
      herewith or with any transaction  contemplated hereby or discussed herein,
      and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any proceeding,
      any claim that it is not  personally  subject to the  jurisdiction  of any
      such court,  that such  proceeding  is improper.  Each party hereto hereby
      irrevocably  waives  personal  service of process and  consents to process
      being  served  in any  such  proceeding  by  mailing  a copy  thereof  via
      registered  or certified  mail or  overnight  delivery  (with  evidence of
      delivery)  to such party at the  address in effect for notices to it under
      this  Agreement  and agrees that such service  shall  constitute  good and
      sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
      shall be  deemed  to limit in any way any  right to serve  process  in any
      manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby  irrevocably  waives, to
      the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial
      by  jury  in any  legal  proceeding  arising  out of or  relating  to this
      Agreement  or the  transactions  contemplated  hereby.  If any party shall
      commence a proceeding to enforce any  provisions of this  Agreement,  then
      the prevailing  party in such proceeding  shall be reimbursed by the other
      party for its  reasonable  attorney's  fees and other  costs and  expenses
      incurred  with the  investigation,  preparation  and  prosecution  of such
      proceeding.


                                       22
<PAGE>

            (i) This  Agreement  may be executed in any number of  counterparts,
      each of which when so executed  shall be deemed to be an original and, all
      of which taken together shall  constitute one and the same  Agreement.  In
      the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission,  such
      signature  shall create a valid binding  obligation of the party executing
      (or on whose behalf such  signature  is  executed)  the same with the same
      force and effect as if such facsimile signature were the original thereof.

            (j) Intentionally Omitted.

            (k) The Debtor  shall  indemnify,  reimburse  and hold  harmless the
      Secured  Parties and their  respective  partners,  members,  shareholders,
      officers,  directors,  employees and agents (collectively,  "Indemnitees")
      from  and  against  any  and all  losses,  claims,  liabilities,  damages,
      penalties,  suits, costs and expenses,  of any kind or nature,  (including
      fees  relating  to the  cost of  investigating  and  defending  any of the
      foregoing)  imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnitee in
      any way related to or arising from or alleged to arise from this Agreement
      or the Collateral,  except any such losses, claims, liabilities,  damages,
      penalties,   suits,  costs  and  expenses  which  result  from  the  gross
      negligence  or willful  misconduct  of the  Indemnitee  as determined by a
      final,  nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction.  This
      indemnification provision is in addition to, and not in limitation of, any
      other  indemnification  provision in the Notes, the Purchase Agreement (as
      such term is defined in the Notes) or any other  agreement,  instrument or
      other document executed or delivered in connection herewith or therewith.


                                       23
<PAGE>

            (l)  Nothing in this  Agreement  shall be  construed  to subject any
      Secured Party to liability as a partner in any Debtor or any if its direct
      or  indirect  subsidiaries  that is a  partnership  or as a member  in any
      Debtor or any of its  direct or  indirect  subsidiaries  that is a limited
      liability  company,  nor shall any Secured Party be deemed to have assumed
      any  obligations  under any  partnership  agreement  or limited  liability
      company agreement, as applicable,  of any such Debtor or any if its direct
      or indirect  subsidiaries or otherwise,  unless and until any such Secured
      Party  exercises its right to be substituted  for such Debtor as a partner
      or member, as applicable, pursuant hereto.

            (m) To the extent  that the grant of the  security  interest  in the
      Collateral  and the  enforcement  of the terms hereof require the consent,
      approval or action of any partner or member, as applicable,  of any Debtor
      or any direct or indirect  subsidiary of any Debtor or compliance with any
      provisions  of any of the  Organizational  Documents,  the  Debtor  hereby
      grants such consent and approval  and waives any such  noncompliance  with
      the terms of said documents.

                            [SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]


                                       24
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Security Agreement
to be duly executed on the day and year first above written.


KNOBIAS, INC.


/s/ E. KEY RAMSEY
- -----------------
E. Key Ramsey, President


                       [SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]


                                       25
<PAGE>

                    [SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO KNOBIAS SA]

Name of Investing Entity: DCOFI Master LDC
                          ------------------------------------------------------
Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing entity: /s/ JEFFREY M. HAAS
                                                       -------------------------
Name of Authorized Signatory: Jeffrey M. Haas
                              --------------------------------------------------
Title of Authorized Signatory: Senior Vice-President
                               -------------------------------------------------

                       [SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]


                                       26

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
