

                      REVOLVING LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT


Amount: up to $500,000                           San Juan Capistrano, California
                                                         Date: December 28, 2004

     FOR  VALUE  RECEIVED,  the  undersigned AUXILIO, INC., a Nevada corporation
("Company"),  hereby  promises  to  pay to Michael D. Vanderhoof and any assigns
("Holder"),  at  such place as Holder may specify, in lawful money of the United
States  of  America, the principal amount advanced hereunder, which amount shall
be  a maximum of $500,000 (the "Maximum Loan Amount"), on or before December 10,
2005  (the  "Maturity  Date"), plus interest on the principal amount outstanding
from  time  to  time  hereunder at a rate equal to the lesser of (i) the maximum
lawful  rate  or  (ii)  eight percent (8%) per year (such principal and interest
being  referred  to  herein  as  the  "Loan").  Interest  shall be calculated in
arrears  through  the last day of each month and shall be due and payable on the
last day of each month.

     1.     Revolving  Advances;  Payments.  From time to time after the date of
this  Agreement and subject to the accuracy of Company's representations, Holder
will  loan  to  Company  an  amount not to exceed the Maximum Loan Amount.  Such
amount  shall  be  net  of  any  costs  and expenses to be paid to Holder or its
counsel,  including without limitation the finance fee set forth in Section 6 of
this  Agreement),  upon six (6) business days' advance written notice by Company
to the Holder.

     All  payments  under  this  Agreement  shall  be  applied first to fees and
expenses,  then  to  accrued  but  unpaid  interest  and then to principal.  Any
principal  or  interest  payments  on  this  Agreement  outstanding  after  the
occurrence  and  during  the continuance of a default under this Agreement shall
bear interest at a rate equal to the lesser of (i) the lawful legal rate or (ii)
five  percent  (5%)  (computed  annually)  above  the  interest  rate  otherwise
applicable under this Agreement.

     Company  shall  repay  all  amounts  outstanding under this Agreement on or
before  the  Maturity Date, and shall repay on demand by Holder amounts advanced
in excess of the Borrowing Base, as recomputed from time to time.

     2.     Secured  Agreement; Subordination.
            ----------------------------------

     (a)     Secured  Agreement.  To  secure  repayment  of  all  obligations
evidenced  by  this  Agreement  and  performance of all of Company's obligations
hereunder,  Company  grants  Holder  a  security  interest  in  all of Company's
inventory, accounts, equipment, cash, deposit accounts, securities, Intellectual
Property  (as  defined  in Exhibit A hereto), chattel paper, general intangibles
and instruments, now existing or hereafter arising, and all proceeds thereof, as
such  terms  are  defined in the California Uniform Commercial Code (the "UCC"),
whether  now  owned or hereafter acquired, or any value received in exchange for
any of the foregoing (collectively, the "Collateral") as set forth in Exhibit A.
Company  shall take such actions as Holder reasonably requests from time to time
to  perfect  or  continue  the  security  interest  granted hereunder including,
without limitation, filing UCC-1 financing statements in connection therewith.

(b)     Subordination.  Holder hereby subordinates payment by the Company of the
Loan  to  the  payment  to  any  future institutional lender to the Company (the
"Institutional  Lender"), provided that such Institutional Lender shall loan the
Company at least $750,000 and at least 25% of the proceeds of such loan shall be
used  to pay down the indebtedness existing under this Agreement.  Holder agrees
to  subordinate  such  Holder's  lien  on  the  Collateral  to  the  lien on the
Collateral of such Institutional Lender.

     3.     Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Company.
            -----------------------------------------------------

     (a)  Corporate Existence and Authority.  Company is and will continue to be
duly  organized,  validly  existing  and  in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization.  Company is and will continue
to  be  qualified  and licensed to do business in all jurisdictions in which any
failure  to  do so would have a material adverse effect on Company.  Company has
all  requisite  power  to  transact  the  business  it transacts and proposes to
transact,  to  execute  and  deliver this Agreement, and all other documents and
agreements

<PAGE>

contemplated by this Agreement, and to perform the provisions of this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The
execution,  delivery  and performance of this Agreement, and all other documents
and  agreements  contemplated  by  this  Agreement,  and the consummation of the
transactions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement,  have  been duly authorized and
approved  by  Company.  This  Agreement,  and all other documents and agreements
contemplated  by  this  Agreement  have  each been duly authorized, executed and
delivered  by,  and  each  is  the  valid  and  binding  obligation  of, Company
enforceable  against  Company  in  accordance  with  its terms, except as may be
limited  by  applicable  bankruptcy,  reorganization,  insolvency, moratorium or
other  similar  laws or by legal or equitable principles relating to or limiting
creditors' rights generally.

     (b) No Conflicts. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and the performance of the terms and provisions of this Agreement, and
any  other  documents  or agreements contemplated by this Agreement will not (i)
contravene,  result  in  any  breach  of,  or  constitute  a  default  under any
indenture,  mortgage,  deed  of  trust, bank loan or credit agreement, corporate
charter, by-laws or other material agreement or instrument to which Company is a
party  or  by which Company or any of its properties or the Collateral is bound,
(ii)  conflict  with  or  result  in a breach of any of the terms, conditions or
provisions of any order of any court, arbitrator or Federal, State, municipal or
other  governmental  department,  commission,  board,  bureau,  agency  or
instrumentality,  domestic  or  foreign  (collectively,  "Governmental  Person")
applicable  to Company or (iii) violate any material provision of any statute or
other rule or regulation of any Governmental Person applicable to Company, which
could have a material adverse effect on Company.

          (c)  Place of Business; Location of Collateral.  The address set forth
in  Section 8(c) of this Agreement is Company's chief executive office.  Company
will  give  Holder  prior  written notice before opening any additional place of
business or changing its chief executive office.  Portions of the Collateral are
located  in  the  field  and  are  moved  from  time to time.   The Company will
cooperate with Holder in (i) perfecting the security interests granted hereunder
in  all  Collateral  and  (ii)  in  providing  Holder, at Holder's request, with
current  information  regarding  the  whereabouts of the Collateral from time to
time.

          (d)  Title  to  Collateral; Permitted Liens.  Company is now, and will
at  all times in the future be, the sole owner of all the Collateral, except for
items  of equipment which are leased by Company.  The Collateral now is and will
remain  free  and  clear  of  any  and  all  liens, charges, security interests,
encumbrances  and  adverse  claims, except for purchase money or lessor security
interests  in  certain  equipment,  contractual  rights  of  set  off under bank
agreements,  and  the  liens  in favor of the other parties to the Intercreditor
Agreement.  Holder  now  has,  and  will  continue  to  have,  a  first-priority
perfected  and  enforceable  security interest in all of the Collateral, subject
only  to  the purchase money or lessor security interests, contractual rights of
set  off  under  bank agreements, and the liens in favor of the other parties to
the Intercreditor Agreement, and Company will at all times defend Holder and the
Collateral  against  all  claims  of others (subject to the rights of holders of
purchase  money  or  lessor security interests in certain equipment, contractual
rights  of  set  off  under bank agreements, and the liens in favor of the other
parties  to  the  Intercreditor Agreement).  So long as the loan is outstanding,
none  of the Collateral now is or will be affixed to any real property in such a
manner,  or  with  such intent, as to become a fixture.  Company is not and will
not  become  a lessee under any real property lease pursuant to which the lessor
may  obtain any rights in any of the Collateral and no such lease now prohibits,
restrains,  impairs  or  will  prohibit,  restrain  or impair Company's right to
remove  any  Collateral from the leased premises (subject to statutory rights of
landlords).  Whenever any Collateral is located upon premises in which any third
party  has an interest (whether as owner, mortgagee, beneficiary under a deed of
trust,  lien or otherwise), Company shall, whenever requested by Holder, use its
best efforts to cause such third party to execute and deliver to Holder, in form
acceptable  to  Holder, such waivers and subordinations as Holder shall specify,
so as to ensure that Holder's rights in the Collateral are, and will continue to
be,  superior  to the rights of any such third party.  Company will keep in full
force  and  effect,  and  will  comply  with all the terms of, any lease of real
property where any of the Collateral now or in the future may be located.

          (e)  Maintenance  of Collateral.  Company will maintain the Collateral
in good working condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and Company will not
use  the  Collateral for any unlawful purposes.  Company will immediately advise
Holder in writing of any material loss or damage to the Collateral.


          (f)  Books  and  Records.  Company has maintained and will maintain at
Company's  chief  executive  office  complete  and  accurate  books and records,
comprising an accounting system in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles.

                                       2
<PAGE>


          (g)  Financial  Condition,  Statements  and  Reports.  All  financial
statements  now  or  in  the  future delivered to Holder have been, and will be,
prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and now and
in  the  future  will  completely  and fairly reflect the financial condition of
Company, at the times and for the periods therein stated.  Between the last date
covered  by any such statement provided to Holder and the date hereof, there has
been  no  material  adverse  change  in  the  financial condition or business of
Company.  Company is now and will continue to be solvent.

          (h)  Compliance  with  Law.  Company has complied, and will comply, in
all  material  respects,  with  all  provisions  of  all  applicable  laws  and
regulations,  including,  but  not  limited  to,  those  relating  to  Company's
ownership  of  real or personal property, the conduct and licensing of Company's
business, and all environmental matters.

          (i)  Litigation.  There  is  no claim, suit, litigation, proceeding or
investigation  pending  or (to the best of Company's knowledge) threatened by or
against  or affecting Company in any court or before any governmental agency (or
any  basis  therefor  known  to  Company)  which could normally or reasonably be
expected  to  result,  either  separately  or  in the aggregate, in any material
adverse  change  in  the  financial  condition or business of Company, or in any
material  impairment  in  the  ability  of  Company  to carry on its business in
substantially  the  same  manner  as  it  is  now being conducted.  Company will
promptly  inform  Holder  in  writing  of  any  claim, proceeding, litigation or
investigation  in  the  future  threatened  or instituted by or against Company.

          (j)  Use  of  Proceeds.  All proceeds of the loan shall be used solely
for lawful business purposes.

     (k)  Intellectual  Property.  Company  possesses  all  material  licenses,
permits,  franchises,  authorizations, patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade
names  and  any other tangible or intangible or intellectual property rights, or
rights  thereto, required to conduct its business substantially as now conducted
and  as currently proposed to be conducted, without actual knowledge of conflict
with  the  rights  of  others.

(l)  Indebtedness.  Except  for  the  loan  evidenced  by this Agreement and the
indebtedness  identified on Schedule 3(l) or as otherwise disclosed in Company's
                            -------------
financial  statements, as of September 30, 2004, previously delivered to Holder,
Company  has  no  outstanding  indebtedness  of  any  kind (including contingent
obligations,  tax  assessments  and  unusual  forward or long-term commitments).

          (m)  Disclosure.  No representation or other statement made by Company
to  Holder  contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a
material  fact  necessary  to make any statements made to Holder not misleading.

     (n)  Performance.  Company  shall  pay the principal of and interest on the
loan  evidenced by this Agreement in the manner provided in this Agreement.  The
obligation  of  Company  described  in  the  preceding  sentence is absolute and
unconditional,  irrespective  of  any  tax  or  accounting  treatment  of  such
obligation  including  without  limitation  any  documentary stamp, transfer, ad
valorem  or  other  taxes  assessed  by any jurisdiction in connection with this
transaction.

(o)  Stay,  Extension  and  Usury  Laws.  Company  agrees  (to the extent it may
lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon, plead or in any manner
whatsoever  claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law
or any usury law or other law that would prohibit or forgive Company from paying
all  or  a  portion  of  the  principal of, finance fee, or interest on the loan
contemplated by this Agreement, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereinafter
in force, or that may materially affect the covenants or the performance of this
Agreement  in  any  manner  inconsistent  with the provisions of this Agreement.
Company  expressly  waives all benefit or advantage of any such law.  If a court
of  competent  jurisdiction  prescribes that Company may not waive its rights to
take  the  benefit or advantage of any stay or extension law or any usury law or
other  law  in  accordance  with  the prior sentence, then the obligation to pay
interest  on  the  principal  shall  be reduced to the maximum legal limit under
applicable law governing the interest payable in connection with this Agreement,
and  any  amount  of  interest  paid  by Company that is deemed illegal shall be
deemed  to  have  been  a  prepayment  of  principal  on  the  loan.

                                        3
<PAGE>


     (p)  Taxes.  Company  shall  make all necessary tax filings and reports and
pay prior to delinquency all taxes, assessments and governmental levies that may
be  imposed  upon  Company, except as contested in good faith and by appropriate
proceedings.

     (q)  Limitations  on Indebtedness.  Without Holder's prior written consent,
Company  shall  not,  directly  or  indirectly, create, incur, assume, suffer to
exist  or  otherwise  in any manner become liable or commit to become liable for
any indebtedness other than Company's obligations to Holder under this Agreement
and  indebtedness  incurred  in the ordinary course of business not in excess of
US$10,000  in  the  aggregate.

          (r)  Insurance.  Company shall maintain insurance with responsible and
reputable  insurance companies or associations in such amounts and covering such
risks  as  is  usually  carried  by  companies engaged in similar businesses and
owning  similar  properties in the same general areas in which Company operates.

          (s)  Reports.  Company  will  provide  Holder  with  monthly
company-prepared financial statements within 45 days after the end of each month
and  such  additional  financial  and other information as Holder may reasonably
request  from  time  to  time.

          (t)  Insurance.  Company  will  maintain  insurance  on the Collateral
that  includes  a  lender's  loss  payable  endorsement in favor of Holder as an
additional  loss payee.  Company will maintain insurance in a form acceptable to
Holder  relating  to  the  Collateral and Company's business in amounts and of a
type  that  are  customary  to  businesses  similar  to  Company's.

          (u)  Consolidation.  Company  will  not  merge or consolidate with any
person or entity, or make any investments, or dispose of any substantial portion
of  its  assets  without  Holder's  prior  written  consent.

          (v)  Capitalization.  Schedule  3(v)  sets forth the capitalization of
Company  on  a  fully  diluted  basis.

     4.     Prepayments.  Company  may,  from  time  to  time,  prepay  the loan
evidenced  hereby,  in whole or in part, so long as Company has given Holder two
(2) or more business days' written notice of such optional prepayment.  Any such
optional  prepayment  of  principal  shall  be  without premium or penalty. Each
prepayment  of principal under this Section shall be accompanied by all interest
                                    -------
then  accrued  and  unpaid  on  the principal so prepaid.  Any principal prepaid
pursuant  to  this  Section  shall  be  in  addition to, and not in lieu of, all
                    -------
payments  otherwise required to be paid under this Agreement at the time of such
prepayment.

5.     Optional  Conversion.

     (a)  At  Holder's  option  and  upon the occurrence of one of the following
events:  (i)  funding  of  the next Succeeding Financing of Company, or (ii) the
sale  and  purchase  of substantially all of the assets or stock of Company, the
outstanding  principal balance and all accrued interest under the loan evidenced
by  this  Agreement  shall be convertible, without the payment of any additional
consideration  by  Holder and at the option of Holder, into equity securities of
Company  of  the  class  and  series  offered  by  the Company in the Succeeding
Financing described in (i) above or the sale and purchase of the assets or stock
of  Company  described  in  (ii)  above  (the "ConversionSecurities").  Holder's
option  to convert will expire 60 days after the occurrence of one of the events
described  in  subsections  (i) and (ii) above, provided, that Company has given
Holder  at  least  15  days'  prior  written notice of such event.  In the event
Holder elects to convert upon a funding of the Succeeding Financing described in
(i)  above,  Company  shall issue the Conversion Securities to Holder at a price
per share equal to the average price per share paid by all third party investors
in the Succeeding Financing or, in the event the Holder elects to convert upon a
sale  of  the  assets or stock of Company described in (ii) above, Company shall
issue common stock at a price per share equal to (y) the average price per share
paid  by  all third parties who acquire all or substantially all of the stock of
the  Company  or  (z) the book value of the common stock determined after giving
effect  to  the  purchase  price  of  the  assets,  in  each  case by converting
outstanding  principal balance and all accrued interest under the loan evidenced
by this Agreement into such equity.  The outstanding principal shall continue to
accrue  interest, and Company shall be obligated to pay such interest, according
to  the  terms  and  conditions  of this Agreement until the Conversion Date (as
defined  below).

                                      4
<PAGE>


For  purposes  of  this  Section  5,  "Succeeding Financing" means a sale of the
Company  of  its  debt  or  equity  securities  in a transaction that results in
aggregate  net  proceeds  to  the  Company in an amount in excess of $1,000,000.

          (b)  In  order  for the Holder to convert all amounts owing under this
Agreement  into  equity,  Holder  shall deliver a written notice to Company that
Holder elects to convert. Any conversion made at the election of Holder shall be
deemed  to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date
Company is deemed to have received such notice, and the Holder or its nominee or
nominees  entitled  to receive the equity shall be treated for all such purposes
as  the  record  holder  or holders of such equity on such date (the "Conversion
Date").  Company  shall  have  no obligation to issue any fractional shares upon
conversion.  Any  fractional  shares  shall  be  rounded up to the nearest whole
share.

     6.     Fees  and  Expenses.  Each  party hereto shall pay its own costs and
expenses,  including  reasonable attorney's fees, incurred in the preparation of
this  Agreement  and  the  other  documents  executed  in  connection  with this
Agreement.  Company  shall  also  have delivered to Holder a warrant to purchase
stock,  in  form  reasonably acceptable to Holder ("Warrant", together with this
Agreement,  the  Intercreditor  Agreement  and  any other documents delivered in
connection  with  this  Agreement, the "Loan Documents").  Company shall pay all
reasonable  and  actual  costs that Holder incurs in enforcing this Agreement or
exercising  any  rights  with  respect  to  the  collateral,  including  without
limitation  reasonable  attorneys'  fees  and  expenses.

     7.     Events  of  Default;  Remedies.
            ------------------------------

     (a)  Events  of  Default  Defined; Acceleration of Maturity.  If any of the
following  events  ("Events  of Default") shall occur and be continuing (for any
reason  whatsoever  and  whether  it  shall  be  voluntary  or involuntary or by
operation  of  law  or  otherwise):

          (i)  default  shall  be  made  in  the payment of the principal of, or
interest on, the loan when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether
at  stated  maturity,  by acceleration, upon a mandatory prepayment due date, in
the  repayment  of  amounts  advanced  in  excess  of  the  Borrowing  Base,  or
otherwise;  or

          (ii)  default  shall  be  made in the performance or observance of any
covenant,  agreement  or  condition contained in this Agreement or in any of the
other Loan Documents, and such default shall have continued for a period of five
(5)  business  days;  or

          (iii)  Company  shall  (1) apply for or consent to the appointment of,
or  the taking of possession by, a receiver, custodian, trustee or liquidator of
itself  or  of  all  or  a  substantial  part of its property and assets, (2) be
generally  unable  to pay its debts as such debts become due, (3) make a general
assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (4) commence a voluntary case under
the  United  States  Bankruptcy  Code  or  similar  law or regulation (as now or
hereafter in effect), (5) file a petition seeking to take advantage of any other
law  providing  for the relief of debtors, (6) fail to controvert in a timely or
appropriate manner, or acquiesce in writing to, any petition filed against it in
an  involuntary  case  under  the  United States Bankruptcy Code or other law or
regulation, (7) dissolve, (8) take any corporate action under any applicable law
analogous  to  any  of  the  foregoing, or (9) take any corporate action for the
purpose  of  effecting  any  of  the  foregoing;  or

          (iv)  a proceeding or case shall be commenced, without the application
or  consent  of  Company in any court of competent jurisdiction, seeking (1) the
liquidation,  reorganization,  dissolution,  winding  up  or  composition  or
readjustment  of  its  debts,  (2)  the  appointment  of  a  trustee,  receiver,
custodian,  liquidator  or  the like of it or for all or any substantial part of
its assets, or (3) similar relief in respect of Company, under any law providing
for  the  relief  of  debtors,  and  such  proceeding  or  case  shall  continue
undismissed,  or  unstayed and in effect, for a period of sixty (60) days; or an
order for relief shall be entered in an involuntary case under the United States
Bankruptcy  Code  or other similar law or regulation, against Company; or action
under  the  laws  of  any jurisdiction affecting Company analogous to any of the
foregoing shall be taken with respect to Company and shall continue unstayed and
in  effect  for  any  period  of  sixty  (60)  days;  or

          (v)  final  judgment  for  the payment of money shall be rendered by a
court  of competent jurisdiction against Company and Company shall not discharge
the same or provide for its discharge in accordance

                                     5
<PAGE>


with its terms, or procure a
stay  of execution thereof within sixty (60) days from the date of entry thereof
and  within  said  period of sixty (60) days, or such longer period during which
execution  of  such  judgment shall have been stayed, appeal therefrom and cause
the  execution  thereof  to  be  stayed  during  such  appeal, and such judgment
together  with all other such judgments shall exceed in the aggregate US$50,000;
or

          (vi)  any  representation  or  warranty  made  by  Company  in  this
Agreement,  or any other documents or agreements contemplated hereby and thereby
or in any certificate or other instrument delivered hereunder or pursuant hereto
or  in  connection  with any provision hereof shall be false or incorrect in any
material  respect  on  the  date  as  of  which  made;

then  (x)  upon  the  occurrence  of  any  Event of Default described in Section
7(a)(iii)  or  (iv),  the unpaid principal amount of the loan, together with the
interest  accrued  thereon  and  all other amounts payable by Company under this
Agreement,  shall  automatically  become  immediately  due  and payable, without
presentment,  demand, protest, notice of acceleration or intent to accelerate or
other  requirements  of  any  kind,  all of which are hereby expressly waived by
Company or (y) upon the occurrence of any other Event of Default, Holder may, by
notice  to  Company,  declare the unpaid principal amount of the loan to be, and
the  same  shall  forthwith  become, due and payable, together with the interest
accrued  thereon and all other amounts payable by Company hereunder.  Failure by
Holder  to  indicate  any  Event of Default in any one notice shall not preclude
Holder from indicating such omitted Event or Events of Default in future notices
and  shall  not  relieve  Company  of  any  liability  under this Agreement, nor
constitute  a  waiver  of  Holder's  rights  under  this  Agreement.

     (b)  Suits  for  Enforcement.  If  any Event of Default shall have occurred
and  be continuing, Holder may proceed to protect and enforce its rights against
Company,  subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, either by suit in
equity or by action at law, or both, whether for the specific performance of any
covenant  or  agreement contained in this Agreement or in aid of the exercise of
any  power  granted  in  this  Agreement,  or  Holder may proceed to enforce the
payment  by Company of all sums due under this Agreement or to enforce any other
legal  or equitable right of Holder including without limitation all rights of a
secured  party  under  the  UCC.

     Company  covenants  that,  if it shall default in the making of any payment
due  hereunder or in the performance or observance of any agreement contained in
this  Agreement,  it  will  pay  to  Holder  such further amounts, to the extent
lawful, to cover any reasonable costs and expenses of collection or of otherwise
enforcing  Holder's  rights, including without limitation the reasonable counsel
fees  and  costs  and  expenses  incurred  in connection with any restructuring,
negotiation,  refinancing,  workout,  bankruptcy or other similar transaction or
proceeding.  The  obligations  set  forth  in  this  paragraph shall survive the
payment  in  full  of  the  loan.

     (c)  Remedies  Cumulative.  No  remedy  herein  conferred  upon  Holder  is
intended  to  be  exclusive  of  any other remedy and each and every such remedy
shall  be  cumulative  and  shall  be  in  addition  to every other remedy given
hereunder  or  now  or  hereafter  existing at law or in equity or by statute or
otherwise.

          (d)  Remedies  Not  Waived.  No  course of dealing between Company and
any  other  person and no delay or failure in exercising any rights hereunder or
under  the loan in respect thereof shall operate as a waiver of Holder's rights.

     8.     Miscellaneous.
            -------------

     (a)  Reliance  on  and  Survival of Representations.   All representations,
warranties,  covenants  and  agreements  of Company herein shall be deemed to be
material  and to have been relied upon by Holder and shall survive the execution
and  delivery  of  this Agreement and of the securities, for so long as the loan
remains  outstanding.

     (b)  Successors  and  Assigns.  This  Agreement shall bind and inure to the
benefit  of  and  be enforceable by Company, Holder and each of their respective
successors  and  assigns, and, in addition, shall inure to the benefit of and be
enforceable  by each person who shall from time to time be a holder of the loan.
Holder  shall  be  permitted  to transfer the securities being sold hereunder in
accordance with their terms and in accordance with applicable restrictions under
applicable  federal  and  state  securities  laws.

                                     6
<PAGE>

     (c)  Notices.  All  notices  and  other communications provided for in this
Agreement  shall  be  in  writing and delivered by registered or certified mail,
postage  prepaid,  or  delivered  by  overnight  courier  (for next business day
delivery)  or  telecopied, addressed as follows, or at such other address as any
of  the  parties  hereto  may hereafter designate by notice to the other parties
given  in  accordance  with  this  Section:

     1)     if to Company:

            27130A Paseo Espada #1427
            San Juan Capistrano, CA  92675
            Phone:  949-481-7550
            Fax:  949-481-8875


     2)     if to Holder:

            Michael D. Vanderhoof
            6512 North State Road 32
            Peoa, Utah  84061
            (801)  455-3959

     Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been duly given on
the  fifth  day  after  being so mailed, the next business day after delivery by
overnight  courier,  when  received  when  sent by telecopy or upon receipt when
delivered  personally.

     (d)  Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  two  or  more
counterparts,  each  of  which  shall  be  deemed  an  original but all of which
together  shall  constitute  one  and  the  same  instrument.  Signatures may be
exchanged  by telecopy, with original signatures to follow.  Each of the parties
hereto  agrees that it will be bound by its own telecopied signature and that it
accepts  the  telecopied signatures of the other parties to this Agreement.  The
original  signature pages shall be forwarded to Holder or its counsel and Holder
or  its counsel will provide all of the parties hereto with a copy of the entire
Agreement.

     (e)  Amendments.  This  Agreement  may  only  be  amended by a writing duly
executed  by  the  parties  hereto.

     (f)  Severability.  If any term or provision of this Agreement or any other
document  executed  in  connection herewith shall be determined to be illegal or
unenforceable,  all  other  terms  and  provisions  hereof  and  thereof  shall
neverthe-less  remain  effective  and  shall  be  enforced to the fullest extent
permitted  by  applicable  law.

     (g)  Governing  Law;  Submission  to  Process.  THIS  AGREEMENT  AND  ALL
AMENDMENTS,  SUPPLEMENTS,  WAIVERS AND CONSENTS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO SHALL
BE  GOVERNED  BY  AND  CONSTRUED  IN  ACCORDANCE  WITH  THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF
CALIFORNIA WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW.  THE COMPANY HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY  SUBMITS  ITSELF  TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND
FEDERAL  COURTS  SITTING IN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA AND AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT
SERVICE  OF PROCESS MAY BE MADE UPON IT IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDINGS RELATING HERETO
BY  ANY  MEANS ALLOWED UNDER CALIFORNIA OR FEDERAL LAW.  THE COMPANY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT
MAY  NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUCH PROCEEDING BROUGHT
IN SUCH COURT AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH A COURT HAS
BEEN  BROUGHT  IN  AN  INCONVENIENT  FORUM.

     (h)  Entire Agreement.  This Agreement and the other Loan Documents contain
the  entire  Agreement  of  the  parties hereto with respect to the transactions
contemplated  hereby  and  supersedes  all  previous  oral  and written, and all
previous contemporaneous oral negotiations, commitments and understandings.

                                    7
<PAGE>

     (i)  Further  Assurances.  Company  agrees  promptly to execute and deliver
such  documents  and  to  take  such  other  acts as are reasonably necessary to
effectuate  the  purposes  of  this  Agreement.

     (j)  Headings.  The  headings  contained  herein are for reference purposes
only  and  shall  not  affect  in  any way the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement.

          (k)  Assignments  and  Participations.  Company  may  not  assign  its
rights  or  obligations  hereunder  or  under the loan without the prior written
consent  of  Holder.  Subject  to  compliance  with applicable Federal and State
Securities  laws,  Holder  may  assign all or any portion of the loan or Warrant
without  the  prior consent of Company.  Holder may sell or agree to sell to one
or  more  other persons a participation in all or any part of any of the loan or
Warrant  without  the  prior  consent of Company.  Upon surrender of the loan or
Warrant,  Company  shall  execute  and  deliver  one  or  more substitute notes,
warrants  or  other  securities  in  such  denominations and of a like aggregate
unpaid  principal  amount  or  other  amount issued to Holder and/or to Holder's
designated transferee or transferees.  Holder may furnish any information in the
possession  of Holder concerning Company, or any of its respective subsidiaries,
from time to time to assignees and participants (including prospective assignees
and  participants).

          (l)  Waivers;  Indemnity.  Company  waives  presentment and demand for
payment,  notice  of dishonor, protest of this Agreement, notice of acceleration
or  intent  to  accelerate, and shall pay all costs of collection when incurred,
including  reasonable  attorneys'  fees,  costs  and  expenses.  Company  shall
indemnify  and  hold harmless from any claim, obligation or liability (including
without  limitation  reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) arising out of this
Agreement  or  the  transactions  contemplated  under  the  Loan  Documents.

          (m)  JURY  WAIVER.  HOLDER AND COMPANY EACH WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO A JURY
TRIAL  OF  ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY
OF  THE  TRANSACTIONS  CONTEMPLATED  HEREIN.

          (n)  Interest  Payments.  Interest  on  the  debt  evidenced  by  this
Agreement  will  not  exceed the maximum rate or amount of non-usurious interest
that  may  be  contracted  for, taken, reserved, charged, or received under law.
Any  interest in excess of that maximum amount will be credited on the principal
amount or, if the principal amount has been paid, refunded.  On any acceleration
or  required  or  permitted  prepayment,  any  excess interest above the maximum
lawful  amount  will  be  canceled  automatically  as  of  the  acceleration  or
prepayment,  or,  if  the excess interest has already been paid, credited on the
principal  amount,  or,  if  the principal amount has been paid, refunded.  This
provision  overrides  any conflicting provisions in this Agreement and all other
instruments  concerning  the  debt.


                            [Signature page follows.]

                                       8
<PAGE>


     IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed  as  of  the  day  and  year  set  forth  above.

                                   COMPANY:

                                   AUXILIO,  INC.
                                   a  Nevada  corporation


                                   By:  /s/  Joseph  Flynn
                                        -------------------------------
                                        Name:  Joseph  Flynn
                                        Title:  CEO


                                   By:  /s/  James  P.  Stapleton
                                        -------------------------------
                                         Name:  James  P.  Stapleton
                                         Title:  CFO

                                   HOLDER:


                                   /s/  Michael  D.  Vanderhoof
                                   ------------------------------------
                                   Michael  D.  Vanderhoof


<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A
                                    ---------

     The Collateral shall consist of all right, title and interest of Company in
and  to  the  following:

     (a)     All goods and equipment now owned or hereafter acquired, including,
without  limitation, all machinery, fixtures, vehicles (including motor vehicles
and  trailers),  and  any interest in any of the foregoing, and all attachments,
accessories,  accessions,  replacements,  substitutions,  additions,  and
improvements  to  any  of  the  foregoing,  wherever  located;

     (b)     All  inventory, now owned or hereafter acquired, including, without
limitation,  all  merchandise,  raw  materials,  parts,  supplies,  packing  and
shipping  materials,  work  in  process  and  finished  products  including such
inventory as is temporarily out of Company's custody or possession or in transit
and  including  any  returns  upon  any  accounts  or  other proceeds, including
insurance  proceeds,  resulting  from  the  sale  or  disposition  of any of the
foregoing  and  any  documents  of  title  representing  any  of  the above, and
Company's  books  relating  to  any  of  the  foregoing;

     (c)     All  contract rights and general intangibles now owned or hereafter
acquired,  including,  without  limitation,  all  leases,  license  agreements,
franchise  agreements,  blueprints,  drawings,  purchase orders, customer lists,
route  lists, infringements, claims, computer programs, computer discs, computer
tapes,  literature,  reports,  catalogs,  design  rights,  income  tax  refunds,
payments  of  insurance  and  rights  to  payment  of  any kind, all copyrights,
copyright  registrations  and  applications,  copyright  renewals or extensions,
patents  and  patent  applications,  all  reissues,  divisions,  continuations,
renewals,  extensions  and  continuations-in-part  of  all  patents  or  patent
applications,  all  trademarks, trade names, trade styles, service marks, logos,
together  with product lines and goodwill of the business connected with the use
of,  or  otherwise  symbolized  by,  each such trade name, trademark and service
mark,  trademark  and  service mark registrations and applications for trademark
and  service  mark registrations, all renewals and extensions of any trademarks,
trade names, trade styles, and service marks, all trade secret rights, including
all rights to unpatented inventions, know-how, operating manuals, license rights
and  agreements  and  confidential  information, all mask work or similar rights
available  for  the  protection  of  semiconductor  chips, and all rights in the
foregoing  intellectual  property  to  income,  royalties,  damages,  and  other
payments,  and all rights to sue for all past, present and future infringements,
and  all  rights  otherwise accruing under or pertaining to any of the foregoing
throughout  the  world  ("Intellectual  Property");

     (d)     All  now  existing and hereafter arising accounts, contract rights,
royalties,  license  rights  and all other forms of obligations owing to Company
arising  out  of  the sale or lease of goods, the licensing of technology or the
rendering  of services by Company, whether or not earned by performance, and any
and  all  credit  insurance, guaranties, and other security therefor, as well as
all merchandise returned to or reclaimed by Company and Company's books relating
to  any  of  the  foregoing;

     (e)     All  documents,  cash,  deposit  accounts,  securities,  letters of
credit,  certificates  of  deposit,  instruments  and chattel paper now owned or
hereafter  acquired  and  Company's  books  relating  to  the  foregoing;  and

     (f)     Any  and  all  claims, rights and interests in any of the above and
all  substitutions  for,  additions  and  accessions  to  and  proceeds thereof.



