
Exhibit 2.1.  ACQUISITION AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER


                  ACQUISITION AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                         DATED AS OF DECEMBER 28, 2004

                                   BETWEEN

                               ENERGENX, INC.

                                     AND

                               EDWARD II, INC.

TABLE OF CONTENTS


ARTICLE 1. The Merger
  Section 1.1.                                             The Merger
  Section 1.2.                                        The Acquisition
  Section 1.3.                                         Effective Time
  Section 1.4.                                  Closing of the Merger
  Section 1.5.                                  Effects of the Merger
  Section 1.6.                 Board of Directors and Officers of EGX
  Section 1.7.             Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action

ARTICLE 2. Representations and Warranties of EGX
  Section 2.1.                         Organization and Qualification
  Section 2.2.                                  Capitalization of EGX
  Section 2.3.   Authority Relative to this Agreement; Recommendation
  Section 2.4.                      SEC Reports; Financial Statements
  Section 2.5.                                   Information Supplied
  Section 2.6.                  Consents and Approvals; No Violations
  Section 2.7.                                             No Default
  Section 2.8.         No Undisclosed Liabilities; Absence of Changes
  Section 2.9.                                             Litigation
  Section 2.10.                        Compliance with Applicable Law
  Section 2.11.                 Employee Benefit Plans; Labor Matters
  Section 2.12.                    Environmental Laws and Regulations
  Section 2.13.                                           Tax Matters
  Section 2.14.                                     Title To Property
  Section 2.15.                                 Intellectual Property
  Section 2.16.                                             Insurance
  Section 2.17.                                         Vote Required
  Section 2.18.                                         Tax Treatment
  Section 2.19.                                            Affiliates
  Section 2.20.                            Certain Business Practices
  Section 2.21.                                     Insider Interests
  Section 2.22.                          Opinion of Financial Adviser
  Section 2.23.                                               Brokers
  Section 2.24.                                            Disclosure
  Section 2.25.                                No Existing Discussion

<PAGE>


ARTICLE 3. Representations and Warranties of EDW.
  Section 3.1.                         Organization and Qualification
  Section 3.2.                                  Capitalization of EDW
  Section 3.3.   Authority Relative to this Agreement; Recommendation
  Section 3.4.                      SEC Reports; Financial Statements
  Section 3.5.                                   Information Supplied
  Section 3.6.                  Consents and Approvals; No Violations
  Section 3.7.                                             No Default
  Section 3.8          No Undisclosed Liabilities; Absence of Changes
  Section 3.9.                                             Litigation
  Section 3.10.                        Compliance with Applicable Law
  Section 3.11.                 Employee Benefit Plans; Labor Matters
  Section 3.12.                    Environmental Laws and Regulations
  Section 3.13.                                           Tax Matters
  Section 3.14.                                     Title to Property
  Section 3.15.                                 Intellectual Property
  Section 3.16.                                             Insurance
  Section 3.17.                                         Vote Required
  Section 3.18.                                         Tax Treatment
  Section 3.19.                                            Affiliates
  Section 3.20.                            Certain Business Practices
  Section 3.21.                                     Insider Interests
  Section 3.22.                          Opinion of Financial Adviser
  Section 3.23.                                               Brokers
  Section 3.24.                                            Disclosure
  Section 3.25.                               No Existing Discussions

ARTICLE 4. Covenants
  Section 4.1.                             Conduct of Business of EGX
  Section 4.2.                             Conduct of Business of EDW
  Section 4.3.                                     Preparation of 8-K
  Section 4.4.                              Other Potential Acquirers
  Section 4.5.                                    NASD OTC:BB Listing
  Section 4.6.                                  Access to Information
  Section 4.7.                  Additional events; Reasonable Efforts
  Section 4.8.                                        Indemnification
  Section 4.9.                        Notification of Certain Matters

ARTICLE 5. Conditions to Consummation of the Merger
  Section 5.1.                  Conditions to each Party's Obligation
  Section 5.2.                   Conditions to the Obligations of EGX
  Section 5.3.                   Conditions to the Obligations of EDW

<PAGE>

ARTICLE 6. Termination; Amendment; Waiver
  Section 6.1.                                            Termination
  Section 6.2.                                  Effect of Termination
  Section 6.3.                                      Fees and Expenses
  Section 6.4.                                              Amendment
  Section 6.5.                                      Extension; Waiver

ARTICLE 7. Miscellaneous
  Section 7.1.          Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties
  Section 7.2.                           Entire Agreement; Assignment
  Section 7.3.                                               Validity
  Section 7.4.                                                Notices
  Section 7.5.                                          Governing Law
  Section 7.6.                                   Descriptive Headings
  Section 7.7.                                    Parties in Interest
  Section 7.8.                                    Certain Definitions
  Section 7.9.                                     Personal Liability
  Section 7.10.                                  Specific Performance
  Section 7.11.                                          Counterparts

<PAGE>

                  ACQUISITION AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER


     This  Agreement and Plan of Merger (this "Agreement"), dated as of
December 28, 2004, is between ENERGENX, INC., a Nevada corporation
("EGX"), and EDWARD II, INC., a Nevada corporation ("EDW").

     Whereas, the Boards of Directors of EGX and EDW each have, in light of
and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (i) determined that
the Merger (as defined below) is fair to their respective stockholders and in
the  best interests  of such stockholders and (ii) approved the Acquisition
Agreement and Plan of Merger in accordance with this Agreement;

     Whereas, for Federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger
qualify  as  a reorganization under the provisions of Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"); and

     Whereas, EGX and EDW desire to make certain representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements in connection with the Merger and also to prescribe
various conditions to the Merger.

     Now, therefore, in consideration of the promises and the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements herein contained, and intending to be
legally bound hereby, EGX and EDW hereby agree as follows:

                                  ARTICLE I

                                 The Merger

     Section  1.1. The Merger. At the Effective Time (as defined below) and
upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and in
accordance  with the General Corporation Law of the State  of  Nevada  (the
"NGCL"), EDW shall be merged with and into EGX (as defined below) (the
"Merger").  Following the Merger, EGX shall continue as the surviving
corporation (the "Successor Corporation"), shall continue to be governed by
the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and the
separate corporate existence of EDW shall cease to exist.  The Successor
Corporation shall continue to adapt its original Articles and By-laws.
The Successor Corporation is named Energenx, Inc., a Nevada corporation.
The Merger is intended to qualify as a tax-free reorganization under
Section 368 of the Code as relates to the non-cash exchange of stock
referenced herein.

     Section 1.2.  The Acquisition.   EGX shall purchase for cash all of the
issued and outstanding shares of EDW.  EDW has 430,000 common shares issued and
outstanding to one shareholder.  This shareholder has agreed to sell and EGX
has agreed to purchase all 430,000 shares for cash at par value $0.001 for a
total of $4,300.  Once EGX purchases all of the common shares of EDW, EGX
will have complete ownership of EDW.

     Section  1.3.  Effective Time. Subject to the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement, a Certificate of Merger (the "Merger Certificate")
shall be duly executed and acknowledged by each of EDW and EGX, and
thereafter the Merger Certificate reflecting the Merger shall be delivered to
the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada for filing pursuant to the NGCL
on the Closing Date (as defined in Section 1.3).  The Merger shall become
effective at such time as a properly executed and certified copy of the
Merger Certificate is duly filed by the Secretary of State of the State
of Nevada in accordance with the NGCL or such later time as the parties
may agree upon and set forth in the Merger Certificate (the time at which
the Merger becomes effective shall be referred to herein a the "Effective
Time").

     Section  1.4.  Closing of the Merger.  The closing of the Merger (the
"Closing") will take place at a time and on a date to be specified by the
parties, which shall be no later than the second business day after
satisfaction of the latest to occur of the conditions set forth in Article 5
(the "Closing Date"), at the law offices of Thomas C. Cook, 2921 N. Tenaya
Way, Suite 234, Las Vegas, NV  89128, unless another time, date or place is
agreed to in writing by the parties hereto.

     Section  1.5. Effects of the Merger. The Merger shall have the effects
set forth in the NGCL.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all the properties, rights,
privileges, powers of EDW shall vest in the Successor Corporation,
and all debts, liabilities and duties of EDW shall become the debts,
liabilities and duties of the Successor Corporation.


<PAGE>

     Section 1.6. Board of Directors and Officers of EGX.  At or prior to the
Effective  Time, each of EDW and EGX agrees to take such action as is
necessary (i) to cause the number of directors comprising the full Board of
Directors of EGX to remain the same.

     Section 1.7. Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action.  If, at any time
after  the Effective Time, EDW or EGX reasonably determines that any deeds,
assignments, or instruments or confirmations of transfer are necessary or
desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement and to vest EGX with
full right, title and possession to all assets, property, rights, privileges,
powers and franchises of EDW, the officers and directors of EGX and EDW are
fully authorized in the name of their respective corporations or otherwise to
take, and will take, all such lawful and necessary or desirable action.

                                  ARTICLE 2

                   Representations and Warranties of EGX

     Except as set forth on the Disclosure Schedule delivered by EGX to EDW
(the "EGX Disclosure Schedule"), EGX hereby represents and warrants to EDW
as follows:

     Section 2.1. Organization and Qualification.

     (a)  EGX is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, has
approximately 10 or more round lot (100 or more shares) stockholders and has
all requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties
and to carry on its businesses as now being conducted, except where the
failure to be so organized, existing and in good standing or to have such
power and authority would not have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined
below) on EGX.  When used in connection with EGX, the term "Material
Adverse Effect" means any change or effect (i) that is or is reasonably likely
to be materially adverse to the business, results of operations, condition
(financial or otherwise) or prospects of EGX, other than any change or
effect arising out of general economic conditions unrelated to any business
in which EGX is engaged, or (ii) that may impair the ability of EGX to
perform its obligations hereunder or to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby.

     (b) EGX has heretofore delivered to EDW accurate and complete copies of
the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws (or similar governing documents), as
currently in effect, of EGX.  Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1 of the EGX
Disclosure Schedule, EGX is duly qualified or licensed and in good standing
to do business in each jurisdiction in which the property owned, leased or
operated by it or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such
qualification or licensing necessary, except in such jurisdictions where the
failure to be so duly qualified or licensed and in good standing would not
have a Material Adverse Effect on EGX.

     Section 2.2. Capitalization of EGX.

     (a)  The authorized capital stock of EGX consists of: (i) Seventy Million
(70,000,000) Authorized Shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value, 14,123,670
Common shares are issued and outstanding as of December 28, 2004, and held by
approximately 10 or more round lot (100 or more shares) stockholders; (ii)
Five Million (5,000,000) Authorized Shares of Preferred  Stock, $0.001
par value, no Preferred Shares have been issued.  Pursuant to the Merger
Agreement EGX will not issue any shares to EDW, and purchase the 430,000
issued and outstanding of EDW for cash at par value of $0.001 per share.  All
of the outstanding EGX Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued,
and are fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights.  Except as
set forth herein, as of the date hereof, there are no outstanding (i) shares
of capital stock or other voting  securities of EGX, (ii) securities of
EGX convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock  or voting
securities of EGX, (iii) options or other rights to acquire from EGX, except
as set forth in 2.2(a) of the Disclosure Schedule, and, no obligations of
EGX to issue, any capital stock, voting securities or securities
convertible  into or exchangeable for capital  stock or voting securities of
EGX, and (iv) equity equivalents, interests in the ownership or earnings
of EGX or other similar rights (collectively, "EGX Securities").  As
of the date hereof, except as set forth on Schedule  2.2(a) of  the EGX
Disclosure Schedule there are no outstanding obligations of EGX or its
subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise  acquire  any  EGX
Securities or stockholder agreements, voting trusts or other agreements or
understandings to which EGX is a party or by which it is bound  relating to
the voting or registration of any shares of capital stock of EGX.  For
purposes of this Agreement, "Lien" means, with respect to any asset
(including, without limitation, any security) any mortgage, lien, pledge,
charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind in respect of  such
asset.

<PAGE>

     (b)  The EGX Shares constitute the only class of equity securities of
EGX registered or required to be registered under the Exchange Act.

     (c)  EGX does not own directly or indirectly more than fifty percent
(50%) of the outstanding voting securities or interests (including membership
interests) of any entity, other than as specifically disclosed in the
disclosure documents.

     Section 2.3. Authority Relative to this Agreement; Recommendation. EGX
has  all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.  The
execution  and  delivery  of  this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by the
Board of Directors of EGX (the "EGX Board") and no other corporate
proceedings on the part of EGX are necessary to authorize this Agreement or
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.  This Agreement has been
duly and validly  executed and delivered by EGX and constitutes a valid,
legal and  binding agreement of EGX, enforceable against EGX in accordance
with its terms.

     Section  2.4. SEC Reports; Financial Statements.  SEC Reports; Financial
Statements.

     (a)   EGX has not filed any reports with the U. S. Securities and
Exchange Commission.

     Section  2.5. Information Supplied. None of the information supplied or
to be supplied by EGX for inclusion or incorporation by reference in
connection with the Merger will at the date presented to the stockholder of
EDW and at the times of the meeting or meetings of stockholders of EGX to be
held in connection with the Merger, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading.

     Section 2.6. Consents and Approvals; No Violations.  Except for filings,
permits, authorizations, consents and approvals as may be required under, and
other applicable requirements of, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, state
securities or blue sky laws, the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act
of 1916, as amended (the "HSR Act"), the rules of the National Association
of Securities Dealers, Inc. ("NASD"), the filing and recordation of the

<PAGE>

Merger Certificate as required by the NGCL, and as set forth on Schedule  2.6
of  the  EGX Disclosure Schedule no filing with or notice to, and no permit,
authorization, consent or approval of, any court or tribunal or
administrative, governmental or regulatory body, agency or authority (a
"Governmental Entity") is necessary for the execution and delivery by EGX of
this Agreement or the consummation by EGX of the transactions contemplated
hereby, except where the failure to obtain such permits,  authorizations,
consents  or approvals or to make such filings or give such notice would  not
have a Material Adverse Effect on EGX.

     Except as set forth in Section 2.6 of the EGX Disclosure Schedule,
neither the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by EGX nor
the consummation by EGX of the transactions contemplated hereby will (i)
conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of the respective
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (or similar governing documents) of EGX,
(ii) result in a violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without  due
notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to  any  right of
termination, amendment, cancellation or acceleration or Lien) under, any of
the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
lease, license, contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to
which EGX is a party or by which any of its properties or assets  may  be
bound, or (iii) violate any order, writ, injunction, decree, law, statute,
rule or regulation applicable to EGX or any of its properties or assets,
except in the case of (ii) or (iii) for violations, breaches  or  defaults
which would not have a Material Adverse Effect on EGX.

     Section 2.7. No Default. Except as set forth in Section 2.7 of the  EGX
Disclosure Schedule, EGX is not in breach, default or violation (and  no
event has occurred which with notice or the lapse of time or both would
constitute a breach default or violation) of any term, condition or provision
of (i) its Articles of Incorporation or  Bylaws (or similar governing
documents), (ii) any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license,
contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which EGX is now  a
party or by which any of its respective properties or assets may be bound  or
(iii) any  order, writ injunction, decree, law, statute, rule or regulation
applicable to EGX or any of its respective properties or assets,  except in
the case of (ii) or (iii) for violations, breaches or defaults that would not
have a Material Adverse Effect on EGX. Except as set forth in Section 2.7 of
the EGX Disclosure Schedule, each note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease,
license, contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which EGX
is now a party or by which its respective properties or assets may be bound
that is material to EGX and that has not expired is in full force and effect
and is not subject to any material default thereunder of which EGX is aware
by any party obligated to EGX thereunder.

     Section 2.8. No Undisclosed Liabilities; Absence of Changes. Except as
and to the extent disclosed in the December 31,  1999  audited  financial
statements, none of EGX or its subsidiaries had any liabilities or
obligations of any nature, whether or not accrued, contingent or otherwise,
that would be required by generally accepted accounting principles to be
reflected on a consolidated balance sheet of EGX and its consolidated
subsidiaries (including the notes thereto) or which would  have a Material
Adverse Effect on EGX. Except as disclosed by EGX, none of EGX or its
subsidiaries has incurred any liabilities of any  nature, whether or not
accrued, contingent or otherwise, which could reasonably be expected to have,
and there have been no events, changes or effects with respect to EGX or its
subsidiaries having or which could reasonably be expected to have, a Material
Adverse Effect on EGX. Except as and to the extent disclosed by EGX  there
has not been (i) any material change by EGX in its accounting methods,
principles or practices (other than as required after the date hereof by
concurrent changes in generally accepted accounting principles), (ii) any
revaluation by EGX of any of its assets having a Material Adverse Effect on
EGX, including, without limitation, any write-down of the value of  any
assets other than in the ordinary course of business or (iii) any  other
action or event that would have required the consent of any other party
hereto pursuant to Section 4.2 of this Agreement had such action or event
occurred after the date of this Agreement.

     Section 2.9. Litigation. Except as set forth in Schedule 2.9 of the EGX
Disclosure Schedule there is no suit, claim, action, proceeding or
investigation pending or, to the knowledge of EGX, threatened  against  EGX
or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets
before any Governmental Entity which, individually or in the aggregate, could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on EGX or could
reasonably be expected to prevent or delay the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Except as disclosed by EGX,
none of EGX or its subsidiaries is subject to any outstanding order, writ,
injunction or decree which, insofar as can be reasonably foreseen in the
future, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
EGX or could reasonably be expected to prevent or delay the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby.

<PAGE>

     Section 2.10. Compliance with Applicable Law. Except as disclosed by
EGX, EGX and its subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses, variances,
exemptions, orders and approvals of all Governmental Entities necessary for
the lawful conduct of their respective businesses (the "EGX Permits"),
except for failures to hold such permits, licenses, variances, exemptions,
orders and approvals which would not have a Material Adverse Effect on  EGX.
Except as disclosed by EGX, EGX and its subsidiaries are in compliance with
the terms of the EGX Permits, except where the failure so to comply would
not have a Material Adverse Effect on EGX. Except as disclosed by EGX, the
businesses of EGX and its subsidiaries are not being conducted in violation
of any law, ordinance or regulation of any Governmental Entity except that no
representation or warranty is made in this Section 2.10 with respect to
Environmental Laws and except for violations or possible violations which do
not, and, insofar as reasonably can be foreseen, in the future will not, have
a Material Adverse Effect on EGX. Except as disclosed by EGX no
investigation or review by any Governmental Entity with respect to EGX or
its subsidiaries is pending or, to the knowledge of EGX, threatened, nor, to
the knowledge of EGX, has any Governmental Entity indicated an intention to
conduct the same, other than, in each case, those which EGX reasonably
believes will not have a Material Adverse Effect on EGX.

     Section 2.11. Employee Benefit Plans; Labor Matters.

     (a) Except as set forth in Section 2.11(a) of the EGX Disclosure
Schedule with respect to each employee benefit plan, program, policy,
arrangement and contract (including, without limitation, any "employee
benefit plan," as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")), maintained or contributed to at
any time by EGX or any entity required to be aggregated with EGX pursuant
to Section 414 of the Code (each, a "EGX Employee Plan"), no event has
occurred and to the knowledge of EGX, no condition or set of circumstances
exists in connection with which EGX could reasonably be expected to be
subject to any liability which would have a Material Adverse Effect on EGX.

     (b) (i) No EGX Employee Plan is or has been subject to Title IV of
ERISA or Section 412 of the Code; and (ii) each EGX Employee Plan intended
to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code and each trust intended to
qualify under Section 501(a) of the Code is the subject of a favorable
Internal Revenue Service determination letter, and nothing has occurred which
could reasonably be expected to adversely affect such determination.

     (c) Section 2.11(c) of the EGX Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true
and complete list, as of the date of this Agreement, of each person who holds
any EGX Stock Options, together with the number of EGX Shares  which are
subject to such option, the date of grant of such option, the extent to which
such option is vested (or will become vested as a result of the Merger), the
option price of such option (to the extent determined as of the date hereof),
whether such option is a nonqualified stock option or is intended to qualify
as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section  422(b) of the
Code, and the expiration date of such option. Section 2.11(c) of the EGX
Disclosure Schedule also sets forth the total number of such incentive stock
options and such nonqualified options. EGX has furnished EDW with  complete
copies of the plans pursuant to which the EGX Stock Options were issued.
Other than the automatic vesting of EGX Stock Options that may occur without
any action on the part of EGX or its officers or directors, EGX has not
taken any action that would result in any EGX Stock Options that are
unvested becoming vested in connection with or as a result of the execution
and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

     (d) There shall be no payment, accrual of additional benefits,
acceleration of payments, or vesting in any benefit under any EGX Employee
Plan or any agreement or arrangement disclosed under this Section 2.11 solely
by reason of entering into or in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.
<PAGE>

     (e)  There are no controversies pending or, to the knowledge of EGX,
threatened, between EGX and any of their employees, which controversies have
or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on EGX.
Neither EGX nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any collective
bargaining agreement or other labor union contract applicable to persons
employed by EGX or any of its subsidiaries (and neither EGX nor any of its
subsidiaries has any outstanding material liability with respect to any
terminated collective bargaining agreement or labor union contract), nor does
EGX know of any activities or proceedings of any labor union to organize any
of its or employees.  EGX has no knowledge of any strike, slowdown, work
stoppage, lockout or threat thereof, by or with respect to any of its
employees.

     Section 2.12. Environmental Laws and Regulations.

     (a)  Except as publicly disclosed by EGX in the EGX SEC Reports,  (i)
EGX is in material compliance with all applicable federal, state, local  and
foreign laws  and regulations relating to pollution or protection of human
health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air,
surface water, ground water, land surface or subsurface strata)
(collectively, "Environmental Laws"), except for non-compliance that would
not have a Material Adverse Effect on EGX, which compliance includes, but is
not limited to, the possession by EGX of all material permits and other
governmental authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws, and
compliance with the terms and conditions thereof; (ii) EGX has not received
written notice of, or, to the knowledge of EGX, is the subject of, any
action, cause of action, claim, investigation, demand or notice by any person
or entity  alleging liability under or non-compliance with any Environmental
Law (an ``Environmental Claim") that could reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on EGX; and (iii) to the knowledge of EGX, there
are no circumstances that are reasonably likely to prevent or interfere with
such material compliance in the future.

     (b)  Except as publicly disclosed by EGX, there are no Environmental
Claims which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on EGX that are pending or, to the knowledge of EGX, threatened against
EGX or, to the knowledge of EGX, against any person or entity whose
liability for any Environmental Claim EGX has or may have retained or
assumed either contractually or by operation of law.

     Section 2.13. Tax Matters.

     (a) Except as set forth in Section 2.13 of the EGX Disclosure Schedule:
(i)  EGX has filed or has had filed on its behalf in a timely manner (within
any applicable  extension periods) with the appropriate Governmental Entity
all income and other material Tax Returns (as defined herein) with respect to
Taxes (as defined herein) of EGX and all Tax Returns were in all material
respects true, complete and correct; (ii) all material Taxes with respect to
EGX have been paid in full or have been provided for in accordance with GAAP
on EGX's most recent balance sheet which is part of the EGX SEC Documents.
(iii) there are no outstanding agreements or waivers extending the statutory
period of limitations applicable to any federal, state, local or foreign
income or other material Tax Returns required to be filed by or with respect
to EGX;  (iv) to the knowledge of EGX none of the Tax Returns of or with
respect to EGX is currently being audited or examined by any  Governmental
Entity; and (v) no deficiency for any income or other material Taxes has been
assessed with respect to EGX which has not been abated or paid in full.

     (b)  For purposes of this Agreement, (i) "Taxes" shall mean all  taxes,
charges, fees, levies or other assessments, including, without limitation,
income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, goods and services, capital,
transfer, franchise, profits, license, withholding, payroll, employment,
employer health, excise, estimated, severance, stamp, occupation, property or
other taxes, customs duties, fees, assessments or charges of any kind
whatsoever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or
additional amounts imposed by any taxing authority and  (ii)  "Tax Return"
shall mean any report, return, documents declaration or other information  or
filing required to be supplied to any taxing authority or jurisdiction with
respect to Taxes.

     Section  2.14. Title to Property. EGX has good and defensible title to
all of its properties and assets, free and clear of all liens, charges and
encumbrances except liens for taxes not yet due and payable and such liens or
other imperfections of title, if any, as do not materially detract from the
value of or interfere with the present use of the property affected thereby
or which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse

<PAGE>

Effect on EGX; and, to EGX's knowledge, all leases pursuant to which EGX
leases from others real or personal property are in good standing, valid  and
effective in accordance with their respective terms, and there is not, to the
knowledge of EGX, under any of such leases, any existing material default or
event of default (or event which with notice of lapse of time, or both, would
constitute a default and in respect of which EGX has not taken adequate
steps to prevent such a default from occurring) except where the lack of such
good  standing, validity and effectiveness, or the existence of such default
or event, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on EGX.

     Section 2.15. Intellectual Property.

     (a)  EGX owns, or possesses adequate licenses or other valid rights to
use, all existing United States and foreign patents, trademarks, trade names,
service marks, copyrights, trade secrets and applications therefore that are
material to its business as currently conducted  (the  "EGX Intellectual
Property Rights").

     (b)  The validity of the EGX Intellectual Property Rights and the title
thereto of EGX is not being questioned in any litigation to which EGX is a
party.

     (c)  Except as set forth in Section 2.15(c) of the EGX Disclosure
Schedule, the conduct of the business of EGX as now conducted does not, to
EGX's knowledge, infringe any valid patents, trademarks, trade names,
service marks or copyrights of others.  The consummation of the transactions
completed hereby will not result in the loss or impairment of any EGX
Intellectual Property Rights.

     (d) EGX has taken steps it believes appropriate to protect and maintain
its trade secrets as such, except in cases where EGX has elected to rely on
patent or copyright protection in lieu of trade secret protection.

     Section 2.16. Insurance. EGX currently maintains general liability and
other business insurance.

     Section  2.17.  Vote Required. Approval of this Acquisition Agreement
and Plan of Merger by the Stockholders of EGX is not required pursuant to
current Nevada law.

     Section 2.18. Tax Treatment. Neither EGX nor, to the knowledge of EGX,
any of its affiliates has taken or agreed to take action that would prevent
the Merger from constituting a reorganization qualifying under the provisions
of Section 368(a) of the Code.

     Section  2.19.  Affiliates.  Except for the directors and executive
officers of  EGX, each of whom is listed in Section 2.19 of the EGX
Disclosure Schedule, there are no persons who, to the knowledge of EGX, may
be deemed to be affiliates of EGX under Rule 1-02(b) of Regulation S-X of
the SEC (the "EGX Affiliates").

     Section 2.20. Certain Business Practices. None of EGX or any directors,
officers, agents or employees of EGX has (i) used any funds for unlawful
contributions,  gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to
political activity,  (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic
government officials or employees or to foreign or domestic political parties
or campaigns or violated any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
of 1977, as amended (the "FCPA"), or (iii) made any other unlawful payment.

     Section 2.21. Insider Interests. Except as set forth in Section 2.21 of
the EGX Disclosure Schedule, neither any officer or director of EGX has any
interest in any material property, real or personal, including without
limitation, any computer software or EGX Intellectual Property Rights, used
in or pertaining to the business of EGX, expect for the ordinary rights of a
stockholder or employee stock option holder.

     Section 2.22. Opinion of Financial Adviser.  No advisers, as of the date
hereof, have delivered to the EGX Board a written opinion to the effect
that, as of such date, the exchange ratio contemplated by the Merger is fair
to the holders of EGX Shares.

     Section  2.23.  Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker (other
than the EGX Financial Adviser, a true and correct copy of whose engagement
agreement has been provided to EDW) is entitled to any brokerage, finder's or
other  fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated  by
this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of EGX.

<PAGE>

     Section 2.24. Disclosure. No representation or warranty of EGX in this
Agreement or any certificate, schedule, document or other instrument
furnished or to be furnished to EDW pursuant hereto or in connection herewith
contains,  as of the date of such representation, warranty or instrument, or
will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or, at the date thereof,
omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary to make any statement
herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which such statement
is or will be made, not misleading.

     Section  2.25. No Existing Discussions. As of the date hereof, EGX is
not engaged, directly or indirectly, in any discussions or negotiations with
any  other  party with respect to any Third Party Acquisition (as defined in
Section 4.4).

                                  ARTICLE 3

                    Representations and Warranties of EDW

     Except as set forth on the Disclosure Schedule delivered by EDW to EGX
(the "EDW Disclosure Schedule"), EDW hereby represents and warrants to EGX
as follows:

     Section 3.1. Organization and Qualification.

     (a) Each of EDW and its subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation
or organization and has all requisite power and authority to own, lease  and
operate its properties and to carry on its businesses as now being conducted,
except where the failure to be so organized, existing and in good standing or
to have such power and authority would not have a Material Adverse Effect (as
defined below) on EDW. When used in connection with EDW, the term "Material
Adverse Effect" means any change or effect (i) that is or is reasonably
likely to be materially adverse to the business, results of operations,
condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of EDW and its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, other than any change or effect arising out of general
economic conditions unrelated to any businesses in which EDW and its
subsidiaries are engaged, or (ii) that may impair the  ability of EDW to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

<PAGE>

     (b) EDW has heretofore delivered to EGX accurate and complete copies of
the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws (or similar governing documents), as
currently in effect, of EDW.  Each of EDW and its subsidiaries is duly
qualified or licensed and in good standing to do business in each
jurisdiction in which the property owned, leased or operated by it or the
nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification or licensing
necessary except in such jurisdictions where the failure to be so duly
qualified or licensed and in good standing would not have a Material Adverse
Effect on EDW.

     Section 3.2. Capitalization of EDW.

     (a)  As of September 30, 2004, the authorized capital stock of EDW
consists of Seventy Million (70,000,000) EDW common Shares, $0.001 par value,
of which 430,000 common Shares are issued and outstanding.  All of the
outstanding EDW Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued, and are
fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights.  EDW has five million
(5,000,000) Authorized Shares of Preferred  Stock, $0.001 par value, no
Preferred Shares have been issued.

     (b)  Except as set forth in Section 3.2(b) of the EDW Disclosure
Schedule, Edward Zimmerman, Jr. is the record and beneficial owner of all
of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of its subsidiaries.

     (c)  Except as set forth in Section 3.2(c) of the EDW Disclosure
Schedule, between March 30, 2004 (inception) and the date hereof, no shares
of EDW's capital stock have been issued and no EDW Stock options have been
granted.  Except as set forth in Section 3.2(a) above, as of the date hereof,
there are no outstanding (i) shares of capital stock or other voting securities
of EDW, (ii) securities of EDW or its subsidiaries convertible into or
exchangeable for  shares  of capital stock or voting securities of EDW, (iii)
options or other rights to acquire from EDW or its subsidiaries, or obligations
of EDW or its subsidiaries to issue, any capital stock, voting securities or
securities convertible  into or exchangeable for capital stock or voting
securities of EDW, or (iv) equity equivalents, interests in the ownership  or
earnings of EDW or its subsidiaries or other similar rights  (collectively,
"EDW Securities").  As of the date hereof, there are no outstanding
obligations of EDW or any of its subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any EDW Securities.  There are no stockholder agreements,
voting trusts or other agreements or understandings to which EDW is a party
or  by which it is bound relating to the voting or registration of any shares
of capital stock of EDW.

     (d) Except as set forth in Section 3.2(d) of the EDW Disclosure
Schedule, there are no securities of EDW convertible into or exchangeable
for, no options or other rights to acquire from EDW, and no other contract,
understanding, arrangement or obligation (whether or not contingent)
providing for the issuance or sale, directly or indirectly, of any capital
stock or other ownership interests in, or any other securities of, any
subsidiary of EDW.

     (e) The EDW Shares constitute the only class of equity securities of EDW
or its subsidiaries.

     (f) Except as set forth in Section 3.2(f) of the EDW Disclosure
Schedule, EDW does not own directly or indirectly any outstanding voting
securities or interests (including membership interests) of any entity.

     Section 3.3. Authority Relative to this Agreement; Recommendation.

     (a) EDW has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by
the Board of Directors of EDW (the "EDW Board"), and no other corporate
proceedings on the part of EDW are necessary to authorize this Agreement or
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, except, as referred to in
Section 3.17, the approval and adoption of this Agreement by the holders of
at least a majority of the then outstanding EDW Shares. This Agreement has
been  duly and validly executed and delivered by EDW and constitutes a valid,
legal and binding agreement of EDW, enforceable against EDW in accordance
with its terms.

     (b) The EDW Board has resolved to recommend that the sole stockholder of
EDW approved and adopted this Agreement.

<PAGE>

     Section 3.4. SEC Reports; Financial Statements.

     (a) EDW has filed all required forms, reports and documents with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") since March 30, 2004, each
of which has complied in all material respects with all applicable
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities
Act"), and the Exchange Act (and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, respectively), each as in effect on the dates such forms, reports
and  documents were filed.  EDW has heretofore delivered or promptly will
deliver prior to the Effective Date to EDW, in the form filed with the SEC
(including any amendments thereto but excluding any exhibits), (i) its
initial Registration Statement on Form 10SB12G filed May 3, 2004, (ii) all
other reports or registration statements filed by EDW with the SEC since its
inception on March 30, 2004 (all of the foregoing, collectively, the "EDW SEC
Reports"). None of such EDW SEC Reports, including, without limitation, any
financial statements or schedules included or incorporated by reference
therein, contained, when filed, any untrue statement of a material fact or
omitted to state a material fact required to be stated or incorporated by
reference therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  The
audited financial statements of EDW included in the EDW SEC Reports fairly
present, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied
on a consistent basis (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto), the
financial position of EDW as of the dates thereof and its results of operations
and changes in financial position for the periods then ended. All material
agreements, contracts and other documents required to be filed as exhibits to
any of the EDW SEC Reports have been so filed.

     (b) EDW has heretofore made available or promptly will make available to
EGX a complete and correct copy of any amendments or modifications which are
required to be filed with the SEC but have not yet been filed with the SEC,
to agreements, documents or other instruments which previously had been filed
by EDW with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act.

     Section 3.5. Information Supplied.  None of the information supplied or
to be supplied by EDW for inclusion or incorporation by reference to the 8-K
will, at the time the 8-K is filed with the SEC and at the time it becomes
effective under the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

     Section 3.6. Consents and Approvals; No Violations. Except as set forth
in Section 3.6 of the EDW Disclosure Schedule, and for filings, permits,
authorizations, consents and approvals as may be required under, and other
applicable requirements of, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, state
securities or blue sky laws, the HSR Act, the rules of the NASD, and the
filing and recordation of the Merger Certificate as required by the NGCL, no
filing with or notice to, and no permit, authorization, consent or approval
of, any Governmental Entity is necessary for the execution and delivery by
EDW of this Agreement or the consummation by EDW of the transactions
contemplated hereby, except where the failure to obtain such permits,
authorizations consents or approvals or to make such filings or give such
notice would not have a Material Adverse Effect on EDW.

     Neither the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by EDW
nor the consummation by EDW of the transactions contemplated hereby will (i)
conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of the respective
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (or similar governing documents) of EDW
or  any of EDW's subsidiaries, (ii) result in a violation or breach  of,  or
constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default
(or give rise to any right of termination, amendment, cancellation or
acceleration or Lien) under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of
any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license, contract, agreement or
other instrument or obligation to which EDW or any of EDW's subsidiaries is a
party or by which any of them or any of their respective properties or assets
may be bound or (iii) violate any order, writ, injunction, decree, law,
statute, rule or regulation applicable to EDW or any of EDW's subsidiaries or
any of their respective properties or assets, except in the case of (ii) or
(iii) for violations, breaches or defaults which would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on EDW.

     Section 3.7. No Default. EDW is not in breach, default or violation (and
no event has occurred which with notice or the lapse of time or both would
constitute a breach, default or violation) of any  term, condition or
provision of (i) its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (or similar governing
documents), (ii) any  note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license,
contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which EDW or any of
its subsidiaries is now a party or by which any of them or any of their
respective properties or assets may be bound or (iii) any order, writ,
injunction, decree, law, statute, rule or regulation applicable to EDW, its
subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets, except in the
case of (ii) or (iii) for violations,  breaches  or

<PAGE>

defaults that would not have a Material Adverse Effect on EDW. Each note,
bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license, contract, agreement or other
instrument or obligation to which EDW or any of its subsidiaries is now a
party or by which any of them or any of their respective properties or assets
may be bound that is material to EDW and its subsidiaries taken as a whole
and that has not expired is in full force and effect and is not subject to
any material default thereunder of which EDW is aware by any party obligated
to EDW or any subsidiary thereunder.

     Section  3.8. No Undisclosed Liabilities; Absence of Changes. Except as
set forth in Section 2.8 of the EDW Disclosure Schedule and except as and to
the extent publicly disclosed by EDW in the EDW SEC Reports, as of  December
31, 2003, EDW does not have any liabilities or obligations of  any nature,
whether or not accrued, contingent or otherwise, that would be required by
generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected on a balance sheet
of EDW (including the notes thereto) or which would have a Material Adverse
Effect on EDW. Except as publicly disclosed by EDW, since December 31, 2003,
EDW has not incurred any liabilities of any nature, whether or not accrued,
contingent or otherwise, which could reasonably be expected to have, and
there have been no events, changes or effects with respect to EDW having  or
which reasonably could be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect on EDW.
Except as and to the extent publicly disclosed by EDW in the EDW SEC Reports
and except as set forth in Section 2.8 of the EDW Disclosure Schedule, since
March 30, 2004, there has not been (i) any material change by EDW in its
accounting methods, principles or practices (other than as required after the
date hereof by concurrent changes in generally accepted accounting
principles), (ii) any revaluation by EDW of any of its assets having a
Material Adverse Effect on EDW, including, without limitation, any write-down
of the value of any assets other than in the ordinary course of business or
(iii) any other action or event that would have required the consent of any
other party hereto pursuant to Section 4.1 of this Agreement had such action
or event occurred after the date of this Agreement.

     Section 3.9. Litigation. Except as publicly disclosed by EDW in the EDW
SEC Reports, there is no suit, claim, action, proceeding or investigation
pending or, to the knowledge of EDW, threatened against EDW or any of its
subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets before any
Governmental Entity which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on EDW or could reasonably be
expected to prevent or delay the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.  Except as publicly disclosed by EDW in the
EDW SEC Reports, EDW is not subject to any outstanding order, writ,
injunction or decree which, insofar as can be reasonably foreseen in the
future, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on EDW
or could reasonably be expected to prevent or delay the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.

     Section 3.10. Compliance with Applicable Law. Except as publicly
disclosed by EDW in the EDW SEC Reports, EDW holds all permits, licenses,
variances, exemptions, orders and approvals of all Governmental Entities
necessary for the lawful conduct of their respective businesses (the `'EDW
Permits"), except for failures to hold such permits, licenses, variances,
exemptions, orders and approvals which would not have a Material Adverse
Effect on EDW. Except as publicly disclosed by EDW in the EDW SEC Reports,
EDW is in compliance with the terms of the EDW Permits, except where the
failure so to comply would not have a Material Adverse Effect on EDW. Except
as publicly disclosed by EDW in the EDW SEC Reports, the business of EDW  is
not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any
Governmental Entity except that no representation or warranty is made in this
Section 2.10 with respect to Environmental Laws (as defined in Section 2.12
below) and except for violations or possible violations which do not, and,
insofar as reasonably can be foreseen, in the  future  will not, have a
Material Adverse Effect on EDW. Except as publicly disclosed by EDW in the
EDW SEC Reports, no investigation or review by any Governmental Entity with
respect to EDW is pending or, to the knowledge of EDW, threatened, nor, to
the knowledge of EDW, has any Governmental Entity indicated an intention to
conduct the same, there than, in each case, those which EDW reasonably
believes will not have a Material Adverse Effect on EDW.

     Section 3.11. Employee Benefit Plans; Labor Matters.

     (a) With respect to each employee benefit plan, program, policy,
arrangement and contract (including,  without limitation, any "employee
benefit plan," as defined in Section 3(3) of  ERISA), maintained or
contributed to at any time by EDW, any of its subsidiaries or any entity
required to be aggregated with EDW or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to

<PAGE>

Section 414 of the Code (each, a "EDW Employee Plan"), no event has occurred
and, to the knowledge of EDW, no condition or set of circumstances exists in
connection with which EDW or any of its subsidiaries could reasonably be
expected to be subject to any liability which would have a Material Adverse
Effect on EDW.

     (b) (i) No EDW Employee Plan is or has been subject to Title IV of ERISA
or Section 412 of the Code; and (ii) each EDW Employee Plan intended to
qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code and each trust intended to qualify
under Section 501(a) of the Code is the subject of a favorable Internal
Revenue Service determination letter, and nothing has occurred which could
reasonably be expected to adversely affect such determination.

     (c) Section 3.11(c) of the EDW Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and
complete list, as of the date of this Agreement, of each person who holds any
EDW Stock Options, together with the number of EDW Shares which are  subject
to such option, the date of grant of such option, the extent to which  such
option is vested (or will become vested as a result of the Merger), the
option price of such option (to the extent determined as of the date hereof),
whether such option is a nonqualified stock option or is intended to qualify
as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the
Code, and the expiration date of such option. Section 3.11(c) of the EDW
Disclosure Schedule also sets forth the total number of such incentive stock
options and such nonqualified options. EDW has furnished EGX with complete
copies of the plans pursuant to which the EDW Stock Options were issued.
Other than the automatic vesting of EDW Stock Options that may occur without
any action on the part of EDW or its officers or directors, EDW has not taken
any action that would result in any EDW Stock Options that are unvested
becoming vested in connection with or as a result of the execution and
delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

     (d) Except as disclosed in Section 3.11(e) of the EDW Disclosure
Schedule there shall be no payment, accrual of additional benefits,
acceleration of payments, or vesting in any benefit under any EDW Employee
Plan or any agreement or arrangement disclosed under this Section 3.11 solely
by reason of entering into or in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

     (e) There  are no controversies pending or, to the knowledge of EDW
threatened, between EDW or any of its subsidiaries and any of their
respective employees, which controversies have or could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on EDW. Neither EDW nor any of its
subsidiaries is a party to any collective bargaining agreement or other labor
union contract applicable to persons employed by EDW or any of its
subsidiaries (and neither EDW nor any of its subsidiaries has any outstanding
material liability with respect to any terminated collective bargaining
agreement or labor union contract), nor does EDW know of any activities or
proceedings of any labor union to organize any of its or any of its
subsidiaries' employees. EDW has no knowledge of any strike, slowdown, work
stoppage, lockout or threat thereof by or with respect to any of its or any
of its subsidiaries' employees.

     Section 3.12. Environmental Laws and Regulations.

     (a) Except as disclosed by EDW, (i) each of EDW and its subsidiaries is
in material compliance with all Environmental Laws, except for non-compliance
that would not have a Material Adverse Effect on EDW, which compliance
includes, but is not limited to, the possession by EDW and its  subsidiaries
of  all material permits and other governmental authorizations required under
applicable Environmental Laws, and compliance with the terms and conditions
thereof;(ii) none of EDW or its subsidiaries has received written notice of,
or, to the knowledge of EDW, is the subject of, any Environmental Claim that
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on  EDW; and
(iii) to the knowledge of EDW, there are no circumstances that are reasonably
likely to prevent or interfere with such material compliance in the future.

     (b) Except as disclosed by EDW, there are no Environmental Claims which
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on EDW that
are pending or, to the knowledge of EDW, threatened against EDW or any of its
subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of EDW, against any person or entity  whose
liability for any Environmental Claim EDW or its subsidiaries has or may have
retained or assumed either contractually or by operation of law.

     Section  3.13. Tax Matters. Except as set forth in Section 3.13 of the
EDW Disclosure Schedule: (i) EDW and each of its subsidiaries has filed or
has had filed on its behalf in a timely manner (within any applicable
extension periods) with the appropriate Governmental Entity all income and
other material Tax Returns with respect to Taxes of EDW  and each of its
subsidiaries and all Tax Returns were in all material respects true, complete
and correct; (ii) all material Taxes with respect to EDW and each of its
subsidiaries have been paid in full or have been provided for in accordance
with GAAP on EDW's most recent balance sheet which is part of the EDW SEC
Documents; (iii) there are no outstanding agreements or waivers extending the
statutory period of limitations applicable to any federal, state, local or
foreign income or other material Tax Returns required to be filed by or  with
respect to EDW or its subsidiaries; (iv) to the knowledge of EDW none of the
Tax Returns of or with respect to EDW or any of its subsidiaries is currently
being audited or examined by any Governmental Entity; and (v) no deficiency
for any income or other material Taxes has been assessed with respect to EDW
or any of its subsidiaries which has not been abated or paid in full.

     Section 3.14. Title to Property. EDW and each of its subsidiaries have
good and defensible title to all of their properties and assets, free and
clear of all liens, charges and encumbrances except liens for taxes not yet
due and payable and such liens or other imperfections of title, if any, as do
not materially detract from the value of or interfere with the present use of
the property affected thereby or which, individually or in the aggregate,
would not have a Material Adverse Effect on EDW; and, to EDW's knowledge, all
leases  pursuant to which EDW or any of its subsidiaries lease  from others
real or personal property are in good standing, valid and effective in
accordance with their respective terms, and there is not, to the knowledge of
EDW, under any of such leases, any existing material default or event of
default (or event which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would
constitute a material default and in respect of which EDW or such subsidiary
has not taken adequate steps to prevent such a default from occurring) except
where the lack of such good standing, validity and effectiveness, or the
existence of such default or event of default would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on EDW.

     Section 3.15. Intellectual Property.

     (a)  Each  of  EDW and its subsidiaries owns, or possesses adequate
licenses or other valid rights to use, all existing United States and foreign
patents, trademarks, trade names, services marks, copyrights, trade secrets,
and applications therefore that are material to its business as currently
conducted (the "EDW Intellectual Property Rights").

     (b) Except as set forth in Section 3.15(b) of the EDW Disclosure
Schedule the validity of the EDW Intellectual Property Rights and the title
thereto of EDW or any subsidiary, as the case may be, is not being questioned
in any litigation to which EDW or any subsidiary is a party.

     (c) The conduct of the business of EDW as now conducted does not, to
EDW's knowledge, infringe any valid patents, trademarks, trade names, service
marks or copyrights of others. The consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby will not result in the loss or impairment of any EDW
Intellectual Property Rights.

     (d) EDW has taken steps it believes appropriate to protect and maintain
its trade secrets as such, except in cases where EDW has elected to rely on
patent or copyright protection in lieu of trade secret protection.

     Section  3.16.  Insurance. EDW currently does not maintain general
liability and other business insurance.

     Section 3.17. Vote Required. The affirmative vote of the holders of at
least a majority of the outstanding EDW Shares is the  only vote of the
holders of any class or series of EDW's capital stock necessary to approve
and adopt this Agreement and the Merger.

     Section 3.18. Tax Treatment. Neither EDW nor, to the knowledge of EDW,
any of its affiliates has taken or agreed to take any action that would
prevent the Merger from constituting a reorganization qualifying under the
provisions of Section 368(a) of the Code.

     Section 3.19. Affiliates. Except for the directors and executive
officers of EDW, each of whom is listed in Section 3.19 of the EDW Disclosure
Schedule, there are no persons who, to the knowledge of EDW, may be deemed to
be  affiliates of EDW under Rule 1-02(b) of Regulation S-X of the SEC (the
"EDW Affiliates").

     Section 3.20. Certain Business Practices. None of EDW, any of its
subsidiaries or any directors, officers, agents or employees of EDW or any of
its  subsidiaries has (i) used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts,
entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity, (ii)
made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or
employees or to foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns or
violated any provision of the FCPA, or (iii) made any other unlawful payment.

     Section 3.21. Insider Interests. Except as set forth in Section 3.21 of
the EDW Disclosure Schedule, no officer or director of EDW has any interest
in any material property, real or personal, including without limitation, any
computer  software or EDW Intellectual Property Rights, used in or pertaining
to the business of EDW or any subsidiary, except for the ordinary rights of a
stockholder or employee stock option holder.

     Section 3.22. Opinion of Financial Adviser. No advisers, as of the date
hereof, have delivered to the EDW Board a written opinion to the effect that,
as of such date, the exchange ratio contemplated by the Merger is fair to the
holders of EDW Shares.

     Section 3.23. Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker (other
than the EDW Financial Adviser, a true and correct copy of whose engagement
agreement has been provided to EGX) is entitled to any brokerage, finders or
other fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of EDW.

     Section 3.24. Disclosure. No representation or warranty of EDW in this
Agreement or any certificate, schedule, document or other instrument
furnished or to be furnished to EGX pursuant hereto or in connection
herewith contains, as of the date of such representation, warranty or
instrument, or will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or, at
the date thereof, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary  to
make any statement herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under
which such statement is or will be made, not misleading.

     Section 3.25. No Existing Discussions. As of the date hereof, EDW is not
engaged, directly or indirectly, in any discussions or negotiations with  any
other party with respect to any Third Party Acquisition (as defined in
Section 5.4).


                                  ARTICLE 4

                                  Covenants

     Section 4.1. Conduct of Business of EGX. Except as contemplated by this
Agreement or as described in Section 4.1 of the EGX Disclosure Schedule,
during the period from the date hereof to the Effective Time, EGX will
conduct its operations in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice and, to the extent consistent therewith, with no less diligence
and effort than would be applied in the absence of this Agreement, seek to
preserve intact its current business organization, keep available the service
of its current officers and employees and preserve its relationships with
customers, suppliers and others having business dealings with it to the end
that goodwill and ongoing businesses shall be unimpaired at the Effective
Time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as otherwise
expressly provided in this Agreement or as described in Section 4.1 of the
EGX Disclosure Schedule, prior to the Effective Time, EGX will not, without
the prior written consent of EDW:

     (a) amend its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (or other similar
governing instrument);

     (b) amend the terms of any stock of any class or any other securities
(except bank loans) or equity equivalents.

     (c) split, combine or reclassify any shares of its capital stock,
declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution (whether in
cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect of its capital
stock, make any other actual, constructive or deemed distribution in respect
of its capital stock or otherwise make any payments to stockholders in their
capacity as such, or redeem or otherwise acquire any of its securities;

     (d) adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution,
merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other
reorganization of EGX (other than the Merger);

     (e) (i) incur or assume any long-term or short-term debt or issue any
debt securities except for borrowings or issuances of letters of credit under
existing lines of credit in the ordinary course of business; (ii) assume,
guarantee, endorse or otherwise become liable or responsible (whether
directly, contingently or otherwise) for the obligations of any other person.
(iii) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments
in, any other person; (iv) pledge or otherwise encumber shares of capital
stock of EGX; or (v) mortgage or pledge any of its material assets, or
create or suffer to exist any material Lien thereupon (other than tax  Liens
for taxes not yet due);

     (f) except as may be required by law, enter into, adopt or amend or
terminate any bonus, profit sharing, compensation, severance, termination,
stock option, stock appreciation right, restricted stock, performance unit,
stock equivalent, stock purchase agreement, pension, retirement, deferred
compensation, employment, severance or other employee benefit agreement,
trust, plan, fund or other arrangement for the benefit or welfare of any
director, officer or employee in any manner, or increase in any  manner the
compensation or fringe benefits of any director, officer or employee or pay
any benefit not required by any plan and arrangement as in effect as of the
date hereof (including, without limitation, the granting of stock
appreciation rights or performance units); provided, however, that this
paragraph (f) shall not prevent EGX from (i) entering into employment
agreements or severance agreements with employees in the ordinary course of
business and consistent with past practice or (ii) increasing annual
compensation and/or providing for or amending bonus arrangements for
employees or fiscal 2000 in the ordinary course of year-end compensation
reviews consistent with past practice and paying bonuses to employees for
fiscal 2000 in amounts previously disclosed to EDW (to the extent that such
compensation increases and new or amended bonus arrangements do not result in
a material increase in benefits or compensation expense to EGX);

     (g) acquire, sell, lease or dispose of any assets in any single
transaction or series of related transactions (other than in the ordinary
course of business);

     (h) except as may be required as a result of a change in law or in
generally accepted accounting principles, change any of the accounting
principles or practices used by it;

     (i) revalue in any material respect any of its assets including, without
limitation, writing down the value of inventory or writing-off  notes or
accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course of business;

     (j) (i) acquire (by merger, consolidation, or acquisition of stock or
assets) any corporation, partnership or other business organization or
division thereof or any equity interest therein; (ii) enter into any contract
or agreement other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice which would be material to EGX; (iii) authorize any new
capital expenditure or expenditures which, individually is in excess of
$1,000 or, in the aggregate, are in excess of $5,000; provided, however that
none of the foregoing shall limit any capital expenditure required pursuant
to existing contracts;

     (k) make any tax election or settle or compromise any income tax
liability material to EGX;

     (l) settle or compromise any pending or threatened suit, action or claim
which (i) relates to the transactions contemplated hereby or (ii) the
settlement or compromise of which could have a Material Adverse Effect on
EGX;

     (m) commence any material research and development project or terminate
any material research and development project that is currently ongoing, in
either case, except pursuant to the terms of existing contracts or in the
ordinary course of business; or

     (n) take, or agree in writing or otherwise to take, any of the actions
described in Sections 4.1(a) through 4.1(m) or any action which would make
any of the representations or warranties of contained in this Agreement
untrue or incorrect.

     Section 4.2. Conduct of Business of EDW. Except as contemplated by this
Agreement or as described in Section 4.2 of the EDW Disclosure Schedule
during the  period from the date hereof to the Effective Time, EDW will
conduct its operations in the ordinary course of business  consistent with
past practice and, to the extent consistent therewith, with no less diligence
and effort than would be applied in the absence of this Agreement, seek to
preserve intact its current business organization, keep available the service
of its  current officers and employees and preserve its relationships with
customers, suppliers and others having business dealings with it to the end
that goodwill and ongoing businesses shall be unimpaired at the Effective
Time.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as otherwise
expressly provided in this Agreement or as described in Section 4.2 of the
EDW  Disclosure Schedule, prior to the Effective Time, EDW will not, without
the prior written consent of:

     (a) amend its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (or other similar
governing instrument);

     (b) authorize for issuance, issue, sell, deliver or agree or commit to
issue, sell or deliver (whether through the issuance or granting of options,
warrants, commitments, subscriptions, rights to purchase or otherwise) any
stock of any class or any other securities (except bank loans) or equity
equivalents (including, without limitation, any stock options or stock
appreciation rights;

       (c) split, combine or reclassify any shares of its capital stock,
declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution (whether  in
cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect of its capital
stock, make any other actual, constructive or deemed distribution in respect
of its capital stock or otherwise make any payments to stockholders in their
capacity as such, or redeem or otherwise acquire any of its securities;

<PAGE>

     (d) adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger
consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of EDW
(other than the Merger);

     (e)  (i) incur or assume any long-term or short-term debt or issue any
debt securities except for borrowings or issuances of letters of credit under
existing lines of credit in the ordinary course of business. (ii)  assume,
guarantee, endorse or otherwise become liable or responsible (whether
directly, contingently or otherwise) for the obligations of any other person;
(iii) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to or investments in,
any other person; (iv) pledge or otherwise encumber shares of capital stock
of EDW or its subsidiaries; or (v) mortgage or pledge any of its material
assets, or create or suffer to exist any material Lien thereupon (other than
tax Liens for taxes not yet due);

     (f)  except  as may be required by law, enter into, adopt or amend or
terminate any bonus, profit sharing, compensation, severance, termination,
stock option, stock appreciation right, restricted stock, performance  unit
stock  equivalent, stock purchase agreement, pension, retirement, deferred
compensation, employment,  severance or other  employee benefit agreement,
trust, plan, fund or other arrangement for the benefit or welfare of any
director, officer or employee in any manner, or increase in any  manner the
compensation or fringe benefits of any director, officer or employee or pay
any  benefit not required by any plan and arrangement as in effect as of the
date hereof (including, without limitation, the granting of stock
appreciation rights or performance units); provided, however, that this
paragraph  (f)  shall not prevent EDW or its subsidiaries from  (i) entering
into employment agreements or severance agreements with employees in the
ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice or (ii)
increasing annual compensation and/or providing for or amending  bonus
arrangements for employees for fiscal 2003 in the ordinary course of yearend
compensation  reviews  consistent with past practice and paying bonuses to
employees for fiscal 2003 in amounts previously disclosed to (to the extent
that such compensation increases and new or amended bonus arrangements do not
result in a material increase in benefits or compensation expense to EDW);

     (g)  acquire, sell, lease or dispose of any assets in any single
transaction or series of related transactions other than in the ordinary
course of business;

     (h)  except as may be required as a result of a change in law or in
generally accepted accounting principles, change any of the accounting
principles or practices used by it;

     (i)  revalue in any material respect any of its assets, including,
without limitation, writing down the value of inventory of writing-off  notes
or accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course of business;

     (j)  (i)  acquire (by merger, consolidation, or acquisition of stock or
assets) any corporation,  partnership, or other  business  organization or
division thereof or any equity interest therein; (ii) enter into any contract
or  agreement  other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice which would be material to EDW; (iii) authorize any new capital
expenditure or expenditures which, individually, is in excess of $1,000 or,
in the aggregate, are in excess of $5,000: provided, however that none of the
foregoing  shall limit any capital expenditure required pursuant to existing
contracts;

     (k)  make any tax election or settle or compromise any income tax
liability material to EDW and its subsidiaries taken as a whole;

     (l) settle or compromise any pending or threatened suit, action or claim
which (i) relates to the transactions contemplated hereby or (ii) the
settlement or compromise of which could have a Material Adverse Effect on
EDW;

     (m)  commence any material research and development project or terminate
any  material research and development project that is currently ongoing, in
either case, except pursuant to the terms of existing contracts or except in
the ordinary course of business; or

     (n)  take, or agree in writing or otherwise to take, any of the actions
described in Sections 4.2(a) through 4.2(m) or any action which would make
any of the representations or warranties of the EDW contained in this
Agreement untrue or incorrect.

<PAGE>

     Section  4.3. Preparation of 8-K.  EDW and EGX shall promptly prepare
and file with the SEC an 8-K disclosing this merger with audited financials
of EGX along with pro forma combined statements.

     Section 4.4. Other Potential Acquirers.

     (a)  EDW, its affiliates and their respective officers, directors,
employees, representatives and agents shall immediately cease any existing
discussions or negotiations, if any, with any parties conducted heretofore
with respect to any Third Party Acquisition.

     Section 4.6. Access to Information.

     (a)  Between the date hereof and the Effective Time, EGX will give EDW
and its authorized representatives, and EDW will give EGX and its authorized
representatives, reasonable  access to all employees, plants, offices,
warehouses  and other facilities and to all books and records of  itself and
its  subsidiaries, will permit the other party to make such  inspections as
such  party may reasonably require and will cause its officers and those of
its subsidiaries to furnish the other party with such financial and operating
data and other information with respect to the business and properties of
itself and its subsidiaries  as the other party may from time to time
reasonably request.

     (b)  Between the date hereof and the Effective Time, EGX shall furnish
to  EDW, and EDW will furnish to EGX, within 25 business days after the end
of  each  quarter, quarterly statements prepared by such party in conformity
with its past practices) as of the last day of the period then ended.

     (c)  Each of the parties hereto will hold and will cause its consultants
and advisers to hold in confidence all documents and information furnished to
it in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     Section 4.7. Additional Agreements, Reasonable Efforts.  Subject to the
terms  and  conditions herein provided, each of the parties hereto agrees to
use all reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all action, and to
do, or cause to be done, all things reasonably necessary, proper or advisable
under  applicable laws and regulations to consummate and make effective the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation,
(i)  cooperating in the preparation and filing of the 8-K, any  filings  that
may be required under the HSR Act, and any amendments to any thereof;  (ii)
obtaining consents of all third parties and Governmental Entities necessary,
proper or advisable for the consummation of the transactions contemplated  by
this  Agreement; (iii) contesting any legal proceeding relating to the Merger
and  (iv) the execution of any additional instruments necessary to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, EDW and EGX agree to use all reasonable efforts to cause the
Effective  Time to occur as soon as practicable after the stockholder votes
with respect to the Merger. In case at any time after the Effective Time any
further action is necessary to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, the
proper officers and directors of each party hereto shall take all such
necessary action.

     Section 4.8. Indemnification.

     (a)  To the extent, if any, not provided by an existing right under one
of the parties' directors and officers liability insurance policies, from and
after the Effective Time, EGX shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, indemnify, defend and hold harmless each person who is now,
or has been at any time prior to the date hereof, or who becomes prior to the
Effective Time, a director, officer or employee of the parties hereto or any
subsidiary thereof (each an "Indemnified Party" and, collectively, the
"Indemnified Parties") against all losses, expenses (including reasonable
attorneys' fees and expenses), claims, damages or liabilities or, subject to
the  proviso  of  the  next succeeding sentence, amounts paid in settlement

<PAGE>

arising out of actions or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective
Time and whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or after the Effective
Time) that are in whole or in part (i) based on, or arising out of the fact
that such person is or was a director, officer or employee of such party or a
subsidiary of such party or (ii) based on, arising out of or pertaining to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  In the event of any such
loss expense, claim, damage or liability (whether or not arising before the
Effective Time), (i)  EGX shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of
counsel selected by the Indemnified  Parties, which counsel shall be
reasonably satisfactory to EGX, promptly after statements therefore are
received  and  otherwise advance to such Indemnified Party upon request
reimbursement of documented expenses reasonably incurred, in either case to
the extent not prohibited by the NGCL or its Articles of Incorporation or
bylaws, (ii) EGX will cooperate in the defense of any such matter and  (iii)
any determination required to be made with respect to whether an Indemnified
Party's conduct complies with the standards set forth under the NGCL and
EGX's Articles of Incorporation and bylaws shall be made by independent
counsel mutually acceptable to EGX and the Indemnified  Party; provided,
however, that  EGX shall not be liable for any settlement effected without
its written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld).  The
Indemnified Parties as a group may retain only one law firm with respect to
each related matter except to the extent there is, in the opinion of counsel
to an Indemnified Party, under applicable standards of professional conduct,
conflict on any significant issue between positions of any two or more
Indemnified Parties.

     (b)  In the event EGX or any of its successors or assigns (i)
consolidates with or merges into any other person and shall not be the
continuing or surviving corporation or entity or such consolidation or merger
or (ii) transfers all or substantially all of its properties and assets to
any person, then and in either such case, proper provision shall be made so
that the successors  and assigns of EGX shall assume the obligations set
forth in this Section 4.9.

     (c) To the fullest extent permitted by law, from and after the Effective
Time, all rights to indemnification now existing in favor of the employees,
agents, directors or officers of EGX and EDW and their subsidiaries with
respect to their activities as such prior to the Effective Time, as provided
in EGX's and EDW's Articles of Incorporation or bylaws, in effect on the
date thereof or otherwise in effect on the date hereof, shall survive the
Merger and shall continue in full force and effect for a period of not less
than two years from the Effective Time.

     (d)  The provisions  of this Section 4.9 are intended to be for the
benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Party, his or her
heirs and his or her representatives.

     Section 4.9. Notification of Certain Matters.  The parties hereto shall
give prompt notice to the other parties, of (i) the  occurrence or
nonoccurrence of any event the occurrence or nonoccurrence of which would be
likely to cause any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement to
be  untrue or inaccurate in any material respect at or prior to the Effective
Time, (ii) any material failure of such party to comply with or satisfy any
covenant, condition  or agreement to be complied with  or  satisfied  by it
hereunder, (iii) any notice of, or other communication relating to, a default
or event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a default,
received by such party or any of its subsidiaries subsequent to the date of
this Agreement and prior to the Effective Time, under any contract or
agreement  material to the financial condition, properties, businesses or
results of operations of such party and its subsidiaries taken as a whole to
which such party or any of its subsidiaries is a party or is subject, (iv)
any  notice or other communication from any third party alleging that the
consent of such third party is or may be required in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (v) any material adverse
change in their respective financial condition,  properties, businesses,
results of operations or prospects taken as a whole, other than changes
resulting from general economic conditions; provided, however, that the
delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 4.10 shall not cure such
breach or non-compliance or limit or otherwise affect the remedies available
hereunder to the party receiving such notice.

<PAGE>



                                 ARTICLE 5

                  Conditions to Consummation of the Merger

     Section  5.1.  Conditions to Each Party's Obligations to Effect the
Merger. The respective obligations of each party hereto to effect the Merger
are  subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time of the
following conditions:

     (a) this Agreement shall have been approved and adopted by the requisite
vote of the stockholders of EDW;

     (b) this Agreement shall have been approved and adopted by the Board of
Directors of EGX and EDW;

     (c)  no  statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or
injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or enforced by any
United  States court or United States governmental authority which prohibits,
restrains, enjoins or restricts the consummation of the Merger;

     (d)  any waiting period applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act shall
have  terminated or expired, and any other governmental or regulatory notices
or  approvals  required with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
shall have been either filed or received; and

     Section  5.2.  Conditions to the Obligations of EGX. The obligation of
EGX to effect the Merger is subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the
Effective Time of the following conditions:

     (a)  the representations of EDW contained in this Agreement or in any
other document delivered pursuant hereto shall be true and correct (except to
the extent that the breach thereof would not have a Material Adverse Effect
on EDW) at and as of the Effective Time with the same effect as if made at
and as of the Effective Time (except to the extent  such  representations
specifically related to an earlier date, in which case such representations
shall be true and correct as of such earlier date), and at the Closing EDW
shall have delivered to EGX a certificate to that effect;

     (b)  each of the covenants and obligations of EDW to be performed at or
before the Effective Time pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall have
been duly performed in all material respects at or before the Effective Time
and at the Closing EDW shall have delivered to EGX a certificate to that
effect;

     (d) EDW shall have obtained the consent or approval of each person whose
consent or approval  shall be required in order to permit the  Merger as
relates to any obligation, right or interest of EDW under any loan or credit
agreement, note, mortgage, indenture, lease or other agreement or instrument,
except those for which failure to obtain such consents and approvals would
not, in the reasonable opinion of EGX, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect on EDW;

     (e) there shall have been no events, changes or effects with respect to
EDW  or its subsidiaries having or which could reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect on EDW; and

     Section  5.3.  Conditions to the Obligations of EDW.  The respective
obligations of EDW to effect the Merger are subject to the satisfaction at or
prior to the Effective Time of the following conditions:

     (a)  the representations of EGX contained in this Agreement or in any
other document delivered pursuant hereto shall be true and correct (except to
the extent that the breach thereof would not have a Material Adverse Effect
on EGX) at and as of the Effective Time with the same effect as if made at
and as of the Effective Time (except to the extent such representations
specifically related to an earlier date, in which case such representations
shall be true and correct as of such earlier date), and at the Closing EGX
shall have delivered to EDW a certificate to that effect;

     (b) each of the covenants and obligations of EGX to be performed at or
before the Effective Time pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall have
been duly performed in all material respects at or before the Effective Time
and at  the Closing EGX shall have delivered to EDW a certificate to that
effect;

<PAGE>

     (c) there shall have been no events, changes or effects with respect  to
EGX  having or which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on EGX.

                                  ARTICLE 6

                       Termination; Amendment; Waiver

     Section  6.1.  Termination.  This Agreement may be terminated and the
Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether
before or after approval and adoption of this Agreement by EGX's or EDW's
stockholders:

     (a) by mutual written consent of EGX and EDW;

     (b) by EDW or EGX if (i) any court of competent jurisdiction in the
United States or other United States Governmental Entity shall have issued a
final order, decree or ruling or taken any other final action restraining,
enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Merger and such order, decree, ruling
or  other action is or shall have become nonappealable or (ii) the Merger has
not been consummated by December 31, 2004; provided, however, that no party may
terminate this Agreement pursuant to this clause (ii) if such party's failure
to fulfill any of its obligations under this Agreement shall have been the
reason that the Effective Time shall not have occurred on or before said
date;

     (c)  by EGX if (i) there shall have been a breach of any representation
or warranty on the  part of EDW set forth in this  Agreement, or if any
representation  or warranty of EDW shall have become untrue, in either case
such that  the conditions set forth in Section 5.2(a) would be incapable of
being satisfied by Dec 20, 2004 (or as otherwise extended), (ii) there shall
have been a breach by EDW of any of their respective covenants or agreements
hereunder having a Material Adverse Effect on EDW or materially adversely
affecting (or materially delaying) the consummation of the Merger, and EDW,
as the case may be, has not cured such breach within 20 business days after
notice by EGX thereof, provided that EGX has not breached any of its
obligations hereunder, (iii) EGX shall have convened a meeting of its
stockholders to vote upon the Merger and shall have failed to obtain the
requisite vote of its stockholders; or (iv) EGX shall have convened a
meeting of its Board of Directors to vote upon the Merger and shall have
failed to obtain the requisite vote;

     (d) by EDW if (i) there shall have been a breach of any representation
or warranty on the part of EGX set forth in this Agreement, or if any
representation or warranty of EGX shall have become untrue, in  either case
such that  the conditions set forth in Section 5.3(a) would be incapable of
being satisfied by Dec. 20, 2004 (or as otherwise extended), (ii) there shall
have been a breach by EGX of its covenants or agreements hereunder having  a
Material Adverse Effect on EGX or materially adversely affecting (or
materially delaying) the consummation of the Merger, and EGX, as  he case
may be, has not cured such breach within twenty business days after notice by
EDW thereof, provided  that EDW has not breached any of its obligations
hereunder, (iii) the EGX Board shall have recommended to EGX's stockholders
a Superior Proposal, (iv) the EGX Board shall have withdrawn, modified or
changed its approval or recommendation of this Agreement or the Merger, or
hold a stockholders' meeting to vote upon the Merger, or shall have adopted
any resolution to effect any of the foregoing, (v) EDW shall have convened a
meeting of its stockholders to vote upon the Merger and shall have failed to
obtain the requisite vote of its stockholders.

     Section 6.2. Effect of Termination.  In the event of the termination and
abandonment of this Agreement pursuant to Section 6.1, this Agreement shall
forthwith become void and have no effect, without any liability on the part
of any party hereto or its affiliates, directors, officers or stockholders,
other than the provisions of this Section 6.2 and Sections 4.7(c) and 6.3
hereof.  Nothing contained in this Section 6.2 shall relieve any  party  from
liability for any breach of this Agreement.

     Section 6.3. Fees and Expenses.  Except as specifically provided in this
Section  6.3, each party shall bear its own expenses in connection with this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

     Section 6.4. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by action taken by
EGX and EDW at any time before or after approval of the Merger by the
stockholders of EGX and EDW (if required by applicable law) but, after any
such approval, no amendment shall be made which requires the approval of such
stockholders under applicable law without such approval.  This Agreement may
not  be  amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of the
parties hereto.

<PAGE>

     Section 6.5. Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time,
each party hereto may (i) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of any other party, (ii) waive any inaccuracies in
the representations and warranties of any other party contained herein or in
any document, certificate or writing delivered pursuant hereto or (iii) waive
compliance by any other party with any of the agreements or conditions
contained herein.  Any agreement on the part of any party hereto to any such
extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in
writing signed on behalf of such party.  The failure of any party hereto to
assert any of its rights hereunder shall not constitute a waiver of such
rights.

                                  ARTICLE 7

                                Miscellaneous

     Section   7.1.  Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties.  The
representations and warranties made herein shall not survive beyond the
Effective Time or a termination of this Agreement. This Section 7.1 shall not
limit any covenant or agreement of the parties hereto which by its terms
requires performance after the Effective Time.

     Section   7.2.   Entire Agreement; Assignment.  This Agreement (a)
constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to
the subject matter hereof and supersedes all other prior agreements and
understandings both written and oral, between the parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof and (b) shall not be assigned by operation of law or
otherwise.

     Section  7.3.  Validity.  If any provision of this Agreement, or the
application thereof to any person or circumstance, is held invalid or
unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement, and the application  of such
provision to other persons or circumstances, shall not be affected  thereby,
and to such end, the provisions of this Agreement are agreed to be severable.

     Section  7.4. Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given (and shall be
deemed to have  been  duly given upon receipt) by delivery  in person, by
facsimile or by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt
requested), to each other party as follows:

  If to EDW:

     EDW, INC.
     Attn: Edward Zimmerman, Jr.
     3415 Ocatillo Mesa Way
     North Las Vegas, NV  89031

  if to EGX:

     Energenx, Inc.
     Attn:  Gary A. Bedini
     6200 E. Commerce Loop
     Post Falls, ID  83854


<PAGE>

or to such other address as the person to whom notice is given may have
previously furnished to the others in writing in the manner set forth above.

     Section  7.5.  Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, without regard
to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.

     Section  7.6. Descriptive Headings. The descriptive headings herein are
inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of
or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

     Section  7.7. Parties in Interest. This Agreement shall be binding upon
and  inure solely to the benefit of each party hereto and its successors and
permitted assigns, and except as provided in Sections 4.9 and 4.11, nothing
in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon
any other person any rights, benefits or remedies of any nature whatsoever
under or by reason of this Agreement.

     Section  7.8.  Certain Definitions. For the purposes of this Agreement,
the term:

     (a) "affiliate" means (except as otherwise provided in Sections 2.19 and
3.19 a person  that  directly  or  indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with,
the first mentioned person;

     (b)  "business day" means any day other than a day on which Nasdaq is
closed;

     (c)  "capital  stock" means common stock, preferred  stock, partnership
interests, limited liability company interests or other ownership interests
entitling the  holder thereof to vote with respect to matters involving the
issuer thereof;

     (d)  "knowledge" or "known" means, with respect to any matter in
question, if an executive officer of EGX or EDW or its subsidiaries, as the
case may be, has actual knowledge of such matter;

     (e)  "person" means  an individual, corporation, partnership, limited
liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organization or other
legal entity; and

     (f)  "subsidiary" or "subsidiaries" of EGX, EDW or any other person,
means  any  corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association,
trust, unincorporated association or other legal entity of which EGX, EDW or
any such other person, as the case may be (either alone or through or
together with any other subsidiary), owns, directly or indirectly, 50% or
more of the capital stock, the holders of which are generally entitled to
vote for the election of the board of directors or other governing body of
such corporation or other legal entity.

     Section 7.9. Personal Liability. This Agreement shall not create or be
deemed to create or permit any personal liability or obligation on the part
of any direct or indirect stockholder of EGX, EDW or any officer, director,
employee, agent, representative or investor of any party hereto.

     Section  7.10. Specific Performance.  The parties hereby acknowledge and
agree that the failure of any party to perform its agreements and  covenants
hereunder, including its failure to take all actions as are necessary on its
part to the consummation of the Merger, will cause irreparable injury to the
other parties for which damages, even if available, will not be an adequate
remedy. Accordingly, each party hereby consents to the issuance of injunctive
relief by any court of competent jurisdiction to compel performance of such
party's obligations and to the granting by any court of the  remedy of
specific performance of its obligations hereunder; provided, however, that,
if a party hereto is entitled to receive any payment or reimbursement  of
expenses pursuant to Sections 6.3(a), (b) or (c), it shall not be entitled to
specific performance to compel the consummation of the Merger.

     Section  7.11. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or
more  counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all
of which shall constitute one and the same agreement.


<PAGE>

     In Witness Whereof, each of the parties has caused this Agreement to be
duly executed on its behalf as of the day and year first above written.


                                 ENERGENX, INC.

                                 By: /s/ Gary A. Bedini
                                 ----------------------
                                 Name:   Gary A. Bedini
                                 Title:  President


                                 Edward II, Inc.

                                 By: /s/ Edward Zimmerman, Jr.
                                 -----------------------------
                                 Name:   Edward Zimmerman, Jr.
                                 Title:  President

<PAGE>

                          EGX DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE

Schedule 2.1   Organization                       See Articles/Bylaws

Schedule 2.2(a) Options, Stock Preference Rights  Not Applicable

Schedule 2.6   Consents & Approvals               None Provided

Schedule 2.7   No Default                         Not Applicable

Schedule 2.8   No Undisclosed Liability           None Exist

Schedule 2.9   Litigation                         Not Applicable

Schedule 2.10  Compliance with Applicable Law     None

Schedule 2.11 Employee Benefit Plans              None

Schedule 2.12 Environmental Laws and Regs         Not Applicable

Schedule 2.13 Tax Matters                         None Exist

Schedule 2.14 Title to Property                   None Exist

Schedule 2.15 Intellectual Property               None Exist

Schedule 2.16 Insurance                           None Exist

Schedule 2.17  Vote Required                      None Required

Schedule 2.18 Tax Treatment                       Not Applicable

Schedule 2.19 Affiliates                          Gary A. Bedini

Schedule 2.20 Certain Business Practices          None Exist

Schedule 2.21 Insider Interest                    Not Applicable

Schedule 2.22 Opinion of Financial Adviser        Waived - None Exist

Schedule 2.23 Broker                              None Exist

Schedule 4.1 Conduct of Business                  None Provided

<PAGE>

                           EDW DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE

Schedule 3.2(b) Subsidiary Stock                  None Exist

Schedule 3.2(c) Capital Stock Rights              None Exist other than as
                                                  in Articles

Schedule 3.2(d) Securities conversions            None Exist

Schedule 3.2 (f) Subsidiaries                     None Exist

Schedule 3.6   Consents & Approvals               Provided

Schedule 3.7   No Default                         Not Applicable

Schedule 3.8   No Undisclosed Liability           None Exist

Schedule 3.9   Litigation                         None Exist

Schedule  3.10   Compliance with Applicable Law   Not  Applicable - full
                                                  disclosed in 10-KSB

Schedule 3.11 Employee Benefit Plans              Section 3.11( c)No Options
                                                  Exist

Section 3.11(e)                                   No Agreements Exist

Schedule 3.12 Environmental Laws and Regs         Not Applicable

Schedule 3.13 Tax Matters                         None Exist

Schedule 3.14 Title to Property                   None Exist

Schedule 3.15(b) Intellectual Property            None Exist

Schedule 3.16 Insurance                           None Exist

Schedule   3.17    Vote  Required                 See Shareholder Meeting
                                                  Certificate

Schedule 3.18 Tax Treatment                       Not Applicable

Schedule 3.19 Affiliates                          Edward Zimmerman, Jr.

Schedule 3.20 Certain Business Practices          None Exist

Schedule 3.21 Insider Interest                    None Exist

Schedule 3.22 Opinion of Financial Adviser        Waived - None Exist

Schedule 3.23 Broker                              None Exist

Schedule 4.2 Conduct of Business                  See Amended Articles




Exhibit A


                        CERTIFICATE OF MERGER
                                  OF
                        ENERGENX, INC.
                          a Nevada corporation
                                 and
                              EDW, Inc.
                        a Nevada corporation


     The undersigned corporations, ENERGENX, INC., a Nevada
corporation ("EGX"), and EDW, Inc. a Nevada corporation ("EDW"),
do hereby certify:

     1.   EGX is a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the
laws of the State of Nevada.  Articles of Incorporation were originally
filed on September 29, 1999.

     2.   EDW is a corporation duly organized and validly existing
under the laws of the State of Nevada.  Articles of Incorporation were
originally filed on March 30, 2004.

     3.   EGX and EDW are parties to a Merger Agreement, pursuant to which
EDW will be merged with and into EGX.  Upon completion of the merger EGX
will be the surviving corporation in the merger and EDW will be dissolved.
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement the stockholders of EDW will receive stock
in EGX.  For purposes of service, the address for EGX is 6200 E. Commerce
Loop, Post Falls, ID  83854.

     4.  The Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of EDW as existing prior
to the effective date of the merger shall continue in full force as the
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the surviving corporation.

     5.  The complete executed Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of
December 28, 2004, which sets forth the plan of merger providing for the merger
of EDW with and into EGX is on file at the corporate offices of EGX.

     6.  A copy of the Merger Agreement will be furnished by EGX on request
and without cost to any stockholder of any corporation which is a  party  to
the merger.

     7.  The plan of merger as set forth in the Agreement and Plan of
Merger, has been approved by a majority of the Board of Directors of EDW at a
meeting held December 28, 2004.

     8.  EDW has 430,000 shares of common stock issued, outstanding
and  entitled to vote on the merger.  At a meeting of the Shareholders of EDW
held December 28, 2004, all 430,000 shares voted in favor of the merger.

     9.  The plan of merger as set forth in the Agreement and Plan of
Merger, was approved by a majority of the Board of Directors of EGX at a
meeting held December 28, 2004.

<PAGE>

     10.  The manner in which the exchange of issued shares of EGX shall be
affected is set forth in the Agreement and Plan of Merger.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed these Certificate of
Merger this 28th day of December, 2004.



                                 ENERGENX, INC.

                                 By: /s/ Gary A. Bedini
                                 ----------------------
                                 Name:   Gary A. Bedini
                                 Title:  President


                                 EDW, INC.

                                 By: /s/ Edward Zimmerman, Jr.
                                 -----------------------------
                                 Name:   Edward Zimmerman, Jr.
                                 Title:  President

<PAGE>






Exhibit B


                 RESOLUTION IN LIEU OF STOCKHOLDERS MEETING



     THE UNDERSIGNED, being the Stockholders of Edward II, Inc., a Nevada
Corporation, in lieu of a Stockholders meeting, hereby consent to the
following resolutions:

          RESOLVED, that the Corporation enter into an Acquisition Agreement
     and Plan of Merger with ENERGENX, INC. (A copy of which is attached) with
     ENERGENX, INC. remaining as the surviving corporation, and be it

          FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Corporation officers are hereby
     authorized to execute any and all documents necessary to accomplish
     the merger.


DATED: December 28, 2004

                                   /s/ Edward Zimmerman, Jr.
                                   -------------------------
                                       Edward Zimmerman, Jr.




