
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.8

[FIDELITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL LOGO]                                 PRESS RELEASE

  FIDELITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL, INC. ANNOUNCES THE SIGNING OF A DEFINITIVE STOCK
PURCHASE AGREEMENT FOR FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. TO SELL A 25
  PERCENT MINORITY EQUITY INTEREST TO AN INVESTMENT GROUP LED BY THOMAS H. LEE
                        PARTNERS AND TEXAS PACIFIC GROUP

      Jacksonville, Fla. -- (December 23, 2004) -- Fidelity National Financial,
      Inc. (NYSE:FNF), a Fortune 500 provider of products and outsourced
      services and solutions to financial institutions and the real estate
      industry, today announced that it and its subsidiary Fidelity National
      Information Services, Inc. ("FIS") have entered into a definitive stock
      purchase agreement under which FIS will sell an approximately 25 percent
      minority equity interest in the common stock of FIS to an investment group
      led by Thomas H. Lee Partners, L.P. ("THL") and Texas Pacific Group
      ("TPG") for a total purchase price of approximately $500 million. The
      parties previously announced the signing of a letter of intent related to
      this minority equity interest sale in connection with the announcement of
      the planned recapitalization of FIS made on December 8, 2004. FNF is
      currently in the negotiation process with a consortium of lenders with
      respect to those credit facilities necessary to consummate the planned
      recapitalization of FIS.

            Under the terms of the definitive stock purchase agreement, FIS will
      issue a total of approximately 50 million shares of the common stock of
      FIS to the investment group led THL and TPG for a combined approximately
      25 percent minority equity ownership position. A new Board of Directors
      will be created at FIS, with William P. Foley, II, current Chairman and
      Chief Executive Officer of FNF, serving as Chairman and Chief Executive
      Officer of FIS. FNF will have the right to appoint a majority of the new
      directors, with both THL and TPG each receiving the right to appoint two
      members to the FIS Board of Directors. The definitive agreement calls for
      the establishment of an option pool for members of FIS management to
      purchase an aggregate 7.5 percent of the fully-diluted shares of FIS at
      the same price paid by the investment group led

<PAGE>

      by THL and TPG for their combined approximately 25 percent minority equity
      interest in FIS. A portion of the options will be subject to time-based,
      quarterly vesting over four- and five-year periods, while the other
      portion will be subject to performance-based vesting that is dependent
      upon the valuation of FIS after an initial public offering or other
      liquidity event.

            The sale of the minority equity interest in FIS is expected to close
      in the first quarter of 2005, subject to certain conditions, including the
      receipt of Hart-Scott Rodino approval, any other required regulatory
      approvals and the closing of the credit facilities necessary to consummate
      the previously announced recapitalization of FIS.

            "The signing of this definitive stock purchase agreement is a
      significant milestone in our ongoing strategy of recognizing the embedded
      value of FIS," said Chairman and Chief Executive Officer William P. Foley,
      II. "This is clearly the first step of several that we will undertake in
      moving towards our goal of fully unlocking the value of FIS. We look
      forward to working with both Tom Lee and Texas Pacific Group in this
      process of both continuing to grow the FIS business and maximizing the
      value of the FIS asset for FNF stockholders."

            THL and TPG have registration rights, including the right to
      initiate a public offering of FIS common stock if one of two criteria is
      met. Both criteria relate to the potential price and gross proceeds that
      would be generated by a public offering of FIS. If FIS has not consummated
      a public offering of FIS common stock within two years of the closing of
      the minority equity interest sale, THL and TPG have various rights,
      including the ability to sell their shares of FIS common stock to either
      FNF or FIS. FNF will file the definitive stock purchase agreement with the
      Securities and Exchange Commission through a Form 8-K within four legal
      business days.

            Fidelity National Financial, Inc., number 262 on the Fortune 500, is
      a provider of products and outsourced services and solutions to financial
      institutions and the real estate industry. FNF had total revenue of more
      than $6.2 billion and earned more than $560 million for the first nine
      months of 2004, with cash flow from operations of more than $925 million
      for that

<PAGE>

      same period. FNF is the nation's largest title insurance company, with
      more than 30 percent national market share, and is also a provider of
      other specialty insurance products, including flood insurance, homeowners
      insurance and home warranty insurance. Through its subsidiary Fidelity
      National Information Services, Inc. ("FIS"), the Company is a leading
      provider of technology solutions, processing services and information
      services to the financial services and real estate industries. FIS'
      software processes nearly 50 percent of all U. S. residential mortgages,
      it has processing and technology relationships with 45 of the top 50 U.S.
      banks and more than 3,600 small and mid-sized U.S. financial institutions
      and it has clients in more than 50 countries who rely on its processing
      and outsourcing products and services. FIS also provides customized
      business process outsourcing related to aspects of the origination and
      management of mortgage loans to national lenders and servicers. FIS offers
      information services, including property data and real estate-related
      services that are used by lenders, mortgage investors and real estate
      professionals to complete residential real estate transactions throughout
      the U.S. More information about the FNF family of companies can be found
      at www.fnf.com and www.fidelityinfoservices.com.

            Thomas H. Lee Partners, L.P., is a Boston-based private equity firm
      focused on identifying and acquiring substantial ownership positions in
      growth companies. Founded in 1974, Thomas H. Lee Partners currently
      manages approximately $12 billion of committed capital, including its most
      recent fund, the $6.1 billion Thomas H. Lee Equity Fund V. Notable
      transactions sponsored by the firm include: Refco Group Ltd, Warner Music
      Group, American Media, AXIS Capital Holdings Limited, Houghton Mifflin,
      TransWestern Publishing, Endurance Specialty Insurance, HomeSide Lending,
      Fisher Scientific International, Experian, EquiCredit and Snapple
      Beverage.

            Texas Pacific Group, founded in 1993 and based in San Francisco,
      London and Fort Worth, Texas, is a private investment partnership managing
      over $13 billion in assets. TPG

<PAGE>

      has extensive experience with public and private investments executed
      through leveraged buyouts, recapitalizations, spinouts, joint ventures,
      and restructurings. TPG seeks to invest in world-class franchises across a
      range of industries, including significant investments in financial
      services (Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd.), technology companies (ON
      Semiconductor, MEMC, Seagate), leading retailers (Petco, J.Crew, Debenhams
      - UK), branded consumer franchises (Burger King, Del Monte, Ducati
      Motorcycles), industrials (KRATON Polymers), healthcare (Oxford Health
      Plans, IASIS Healthcare) and airlines (Continental Airlines, America
      West).

            This press release contains statements related to future events and
      expectations and, as such, constitutes forward-looking statements. These
      forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks,
      uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance
      or achievements of the company to be different from those expressed or
      implied above. The company expressly disclaims any duty to update or
      revise forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties which
      forward-looking statements are subject to include, but are not limited to,
      the effect of governmental regulations, the economy, competition and other
      risks detailed from time to time in the "Management's Discussion and
      Analysis" section of the company's Form 10-K and other reports and filings
      with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

SOURCE: Fidelity National Financial, Inc.
CONTACT: Daniel Kennedy Murphy, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor
Relations,
904-854-8120,dkmurphy@fnf.com

